I am sure this is not simply a black and white story.  Has anyone asked all the people taken how their lives turned out?
MO imagines what she thinks must be true for all men and all women and then criticizes that view.  It's utter nonsense.   To see my point, just substitute the words "white" and "black" for males and females.
Two big bunches of hogwash makes what you wrote utter nonsense.  This one "and now racists mostly populate the Republican Party..." is a real gem.  Like Thomas Sowell, a black conservative once said "Racism is like ketchup...you can put it on practically anything... and demanding evidence makes you a racist." He also pointed out that democratic policies like welfare have done great harm to the black family.  Why is that not racist?  (BTW,I'm not saying you are a racist, just confused.  You are trying to put a burden of racism on one party and absolving the other that has a long history of it.)
Wouldn't the headline of  "80 Black, New York Police officers rally in support of Colin Kaepernick" be more accurate ?
Since when does the definition of a successful host require political edginess? What was the over/under for the number of negative Trump mentions for you to deem Kimmel's performance acceptable?   I thought he did a great job - an example was the hilarious bit about black people saving NASA and whites saving Jazz.  Not everything has to include the dreaded presidential situation. In fact, it was nice to get a break from it!
Mysterbee - by your black and white reasoning, Trump should have lost the election.  You have a lot to learn about American politics and the American people, and I doubt you are able to.
Maybe he did or he didn't. What about the riots after Michael Brown from BLM? What about the riots and issues in Baltimore from BLM?  I personally went to a SeaHawks game in Seattle when there was a "Peaceful" protest by BLM at the stadium. It involved people screaming and yelling in my face calling me a racist because I was white. This was as I carried my 6 month old through the crowd trying nothing more than to watch a two teams (who we mostly african american) play a game.  The idea that Black Lives are under attack is preposterous. Where both shootings justified? Who knows and time will tell. If not, those officers will be brought to justice. However, BLM jumps to conclusions and resorts to violence to get their message heard and get in front of the media. NO black life has more value than a white life and visa versus. All lives matter. These same officers would have risked their lives to save a black person and they did this daily.
Isn't that lovely...Richard Rhyner whitesplaining race relations in America. I particularly like the part where he blames the president for making him, Richard, hate Obama so much. It's not Richard's fault that he hates Obama so much...its Obama's.  Folks like Richard rant and rave a lot about political correctness. What they're really complaining about is the fact that they want to be able say things that many people would consider racist without being criticized or called out for it.   As a white guy, what I've learned over the years is that when black people talk about race in America, I learn more when I just shut up and listen.
They didn't build that themselves?  Gee, that sounds awfully familiar...something like some black guy who used to be in the WH said once.
If he had made a racist gesture and comment about an African American or Hispanic player, would the suspension have been deferred until next season?
The brain makes an association between the black guys hanging around on a street corner drinking beer at 2 AM, , and the risk of being mugged.   By the same token, the brain makes an association between Chinese guys hanging around on a street corner at 2 PM doing calculus and the risk of being mugged.
Ya Right. So what do you think the president should do? He's already asked for calm in this situation. Do you have facts not present? And in this situation maybe lethal force was warranted. I don't know, do you? But this is only the tip of the iceberg. But it does seem that black people are being unjustly shot and killed in situations that didn't warrant it. I saw the video of the killing inTulsa. The police woman feared for her life while the man held his hands up. Granted, he could of dropped to the ground and done nothing. But lethal force was warranted? And all you conservatives who think the protest by kneeling during the National Anthem is horrendous,  what were your views when the Bundy's peacefully protested against the government while they were armed? I bet you were for them going against big government. But kneeling is so much more terrible. We have problems in America and they won't get solved by blaming your favorite scapegoat. Only by having a civil discussion about it.
"By rejecting his masculinity, he allowed himself to be molested."  Since he was groped once and by surprise, I don't see how any response of his could have changed the fact of his already having been molested. So I don't get what you're trying to say.  I'll try to explain the author's point as I understood it: if Crews had responded with violence, not only would it not have changed the fact of his molestation, it would have ended up with him being charged for assault (of course: "large black man assaults studio exec"), but he'd probably have used that anger to permanently override his feelings of shame and hopelessness at having been used for someone else's sexual/power gratification .. which of course doesn't mean those feelings would cease to exist -- just that they'd probably not have been given due consideration, and so might have continued to eat away at him.  Just my interpretation, of course.
The heavily black population of  Chicago went to Hillary who did win  20 electoral votes for all the good it did her. .  Illinois other counties  went 9o%  for Trump,
Admit it, most of the hate directed towards Obama was because he was 1) A Democrat, ) half-black, and 3) educated and well spoken. In that order.
i love this story - it is fascinating stuff and in no way black or white.     i see this study is published...excellent, just hope it's in layman's english.  probably lingo speak but there is always google.
For future reference, that's called 'deflection.'  Also a case of apples and oranges.  Probably not worth trying to explain the difference to you, but if you went into a dangerous part of town, you won't find any signs saying 'black only' on the facilities.  The difference of course is that in my example if you attempted to use a 'proscribed' facility you'd be arrested by a cop.  The discrimination was (or is) state-sponsored and enforced.  But if you want to whine about being discriminated against because you're white, don't let me stop you.  Whatever 'validates' you and makes you happy.
The political power mongering as exercised by General Elections should be forestalled. The black people have the system of lekgothla where all members of the tribe decide matters. If you can think it, you can do it.   I'm sure it may be possible to adapt a representative system to formalise the lekgothla into a new form of government.  The Westminster system is fallible in being prone to exclusive competition. We must formalise this National Dialogue into the Standing Government Model of South Africa.  It astonishes to see and participate in debates across colour lines where we got down to brass tacks. Not a word, nothing, like "I'm not being racist". Pure, plain, simple honesty and agreement about the truth spoken.  Likewise,secret parliamentary ballots are not unthinkable.  We sit with the current system because people have not gone far enough in thinking of more advanced solutions. It can be done with the necessary checks and balances. We need new skins for new wine.  Go Thabo!
I can't believe the Globe and Mail used the term "reverse racism". There is no such thing as "reverse racism". Racism is racism, whether it is directed at white people, or people of colour.
The irony in all this is amazing to me. Here a black soldiers is killed doing what he wanted, protecting his family and country, and the issue is about, first Trumps words, now Trumps tone of voice. While black millionaire football players are kneeling during the National Anthem, the Anthem that honors fallen soldiers, and they aren't disrespecting this fallen soldier. Go Figure.
There has been no mention of Crimes affecting the issue. As a very young immigrant from Scotland (blacks, no-where to be seen) in the early 60s to Toronto most all of the Crimes seemed to me (right or wrong) were by Black men from Jamaica. That left an early but a lasting impression.
The easy thing would be to get rid of the constitution, we could go back to the times when black folks were all slaves, any white guy could kill any native American or steal his land rape his wife, mother or daughter, outlaw all but the original religious sect, this seems to be what I am hearing here. Maybe trump isn't the only one that needs to borrow Mr. Kans copy of the constitution.
Great comment.  Examples where the imaginary 'alt-left' has threatened to kill black people and jews or anything similar?  Didn't think so.
If "white spite" is the reason that Democrats thinks Republicans are winning elections, Democrats are in for a world of hurt in future elections.  Democrats are under the mistaken impression that Republicans are uneducated hillbillies whose decision-making abilities are limited to black and white, literally.  This Ivy League grad with a law degree and his Republican friends of equal education and reasoning ability beg to differ with this naive perspective.  Here's a clue:  Hillary is white.
What OISE is to objective scientific study...  ... is what a screaming activist with a megaphone and a banner is to scientific study.  When the University of Toronto decided to take OISE under its wing as an instrument of science, it might as well have decided to take "Black Lives Matter" under its wing as an instrument of science.
The GOP became vile, obstuctive and violent when a black man was elected.
A black man was killed by a black man in Africa and yet Rep. Frederica Wilson wants to make this an issue of "race". This isn't Rep. Frederica Wilson's first offense: she also ginned up the Trayvon Martin killing of a 17-year-old black boy by a Hispanic/Jewish man as "racially motivated" when clearly, it was not. This is the politics of division, not unity. A President voluntarily called to console family members. What they shared should not be made into a political controversy.
There is only one race. The human race, composed of different ethnic backgrounds. Racism is an artifical concept originating during LBJ's years. To use your words, Whites have lost political power, along with that goes racism and interracial marriages. It's only interracial when it's "White" and a person of color. Trump Marrying Melania or any other European is not an interracial marriage. So their problem will correct it's self in 2024 and eventually fade out when the Latinos are the majority population in this country,
Blacks aren't murdered disproportionately to their % of the population out of sheer chance. Nearly all blacks are murdered by other blacks (not whites and not police). For some reason, that fact was omitted from the editorial. If you're going to go on about there 2 Americas, which is nonsense given differences in geography and class within each race, but if you're going to do that, then you have to point out that blacks also live in an America where they kill each other at high rates. It has nothing to do with whites or "racism." Any long term solution has to focus on the #1 factor contributing to all of this the illegitimacy rate among blacks is over 70% - much higher than any other racial group. That strongly correlates to much higher rates of crime, domestic violence, drug/alcohol abuse, unemployment, lower income, school drop out rates, and a host of other problems.
Who's racist and sexist?  What about these facts indicating "race based aggression"?   Black women constitute only about 13% of the female population (age 15-44) in the United States, but underwent approximately 36% of the abortions. Black women are more than 5 times as likely as white women to have an abortion.   It has been estimated that since 1973 Black women have had about 16 million abortions. Michael Novak had calculated "Since the number of current living Blacks (in the U.S.) is 36 million, the missing 16 million represents an enormous loss, for without abortion, America's Black community would now number 52 million persons. It would be 36 percent larger than it is. Abortion has swept through the Black community like a scythe, cutting down every fourth member."  In 2012, there were more black babies killed by abortion (31,328) in New York City than were born there (24,758), and the black children killed comprised 42.4% of the total number of abortions.
Trump repeated the words of the cities chief law enforcement officer who is black.  Is he raciest also?  This was a planned confrontation by the elected officials.  One group had a permit to march, one did not.  The police could have stopped this but they work for the elected officials and do what they are told to.  A close study of the south reveals how the Democrats were the true racist. The Klan, Jim Crow Laws and the history of welfare programs reveal how racist the Democrats are.  The history of the US cannot be changed by the alt-left but attempts to hide the racist history of the Dems can only be done by teachers not exposing students to the truth about our history.  At one time we were the great "melting pot" where assimilation was the backbone of our country. Now individuals want to divide us into groups and then pit them against each other.  This is the planned destruction of our country and the evolution of a third world nation.
Or political controversy.   That's especially true of Judge Gorsuch since the Episcopalian Church allows birth control and isn't vehemently anti abortion.  They are however, prolife in the broader sense.  VP Pence has done quite well politically by becoming an Evangelical in a state where black and white theology brings rural votes.
domestikgoddez-linda hamilton aka Professional Racial Plaintiff:  You say arrogant?  What about YOU and your Black Lexius with the Black tinted windows????
My name is not Charles and I am not black. I'm white. If your mother is anything like you JimJohnson she's not very perspicacious.
When you're a partisan like Glenn, all information must be filtered through the political partisan lens.  The entire world is constructed within this framework, kinda like how feminists see everything in terms of gender.  Even science, some feminists claim, is "patriarchal" and "masculine."  The reason they say crazy things like that is because they really do see the world in those terms.  If Tulsi agrees with Trump on some particular issue, that makes them best friends, because the world is black and white in the mind of a partisan.
one minute DiverDave is caucasian, the next minute he a blk man
"During the Senate debates on the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871, it was revealed that members of the Democratic Party formed many terrorist organizations like the Ku Klux Klan to murder and intimidate African Americans voters. The Ku Klux Klan Act was a bill introduced by a Republican Congress to stop Klan Activities. Senate debates revealed that the Klan was the terrorist arm of the Democratic Party. History reveals that Democrats lynched, burned, mutilated and murdered thousands of blacks and completely destroyed entire towns and communities occupied by middle class Blacks, including Rosewood, Florida, the Greenwood District in Tulsa Oklahoma, and Wilmington, North Carolina to name a few. After the Civil War, Democrats murdered several hundred black elected officials (in the South) to regain control of the southern government. All of the elected officials up to 1935 were Republicans."  This is all on the history news network if you want I can post a link
The solution is simple and the same for all. Control your fertility and get and education. As for health care, no health care provider is interested in moving their families to some place 100's of miles from a major center. Thus, anyone would only be able to get very basic services at best.   There is nothing bias in this it is the same for anyone white, black, native living up there and always will be. So as JeffSpooner said just by dent of location there is going to be a large gap
Gladys, I moved to Oregon in 1975, having lived in West Covina, La Puente and Los Angeles from age 4 to 13. I moved in the summer after 7th grade, and started in the 8th grade ant Thurston Jr. High.   I did speak from experience.   I've never treated anyone based on the color of their skin.  I remember going to Atlanta Georgia in 1980 and seeing all black people doing all the fast food work and always one white manager.  I couldn't believe such a thing could exist.  Being in Oregon, we are fairly shielded from the institutionalized racism from years gone by.  I have met a few people who were rabid racists. Also a mouth dropping event.  I also see the news and I don't like what I see when it comes to blacks and cops.   While I note there are more crimes by blacks proportionately, it is still evident that there exist harassment against blacks specifically because they are black, by white law enforcement.  It's not everywhere, though, but it is endemic in many areas.  I am against racism.
Is this comment for real?  Slavery was a phenomenon that swept the globe between 1600 - 1860.  Not unique to the U.S. at all.  A minority of southerners owned slaves.  As a matter of fact, there were a number of freed blacks who owned slaves of their own.  Frankly, there were a number of northerners who owned slaves as well. (Friends of Lincoln in Ill. were slave owners).  Slavery was dying out just as the cotton gin was introduced and revolutionized cotton processing.  The Constitution of the United States was a defective document, reflecting two diametrical cultural views in this country.  The document tried to white wash slavery but failed.  The founders tried to postpone resolving the contentious issue as they viewed creating a new country was more important.  (Akin to building an expensive home on a geological fault and anticipating nothing will ever happen).  Although I disagree with their cause, the southerners were trying to preserve their cultural heritage.  That is the fact.
Well, It seems to me that by your statement about an African or Latin American or Asian seems totally out of place. You need to be more careful with your words.
Hillary Clinton pandered to the far left and race baiters in the Black Lives Matter movement.  The media didn't decry those tactics.  You can't be appalled at the KKK supporting Trump while being fine with BLM supporting Hillary.  Two sides of a racist coin.
Hello Margaret :  Media may agree that Kevin O"Leary is appalling but  the very fact that  "most of the time he lives in Boston" might be what gives him a perspective which has been eluding us crazy canucks!  He sounded politically sagacious on NewsTalk 1010 yesterday, with a wry humour (depth of character).  While we have been in a tizzy over Black Lives Matter, for instance, he would immediately view them for what they essentially are; that is, offshoots of the extreme Islamic Fundamentalist Black Power Movement that had terrorized, murdered and robbed their way to notoriety in America.  The BLM are radicalized-criminalized  elements who do the hauling for organized crime networks trafficking  drugs, pederasty, and illegal migrants.  While the authentic Syrian refugees are being isolated in hostels, the BLM are dominating city-blocks in and around the designated high-priority neighbourhoods, such as Jane/Finch corridor.
Wrong, if natives want to pro create and have lots of children thats not our business. Natives at one time were decimated  by the Europeans and are making a comeback now. Old stock Canadians have zero birthrate and thats their choice. Many people complain about Muslims having lots of children its not your business or the states business. Same complaints are made against the black community in Toronto, it they desire 6 or 8 kids its not our business. This could be borderline racism against these people because of their birthrates. No one is stopping old stock Canadians from procreating. Its about a choice and we should respect all cultures choices.
White supremacist monuments belong in museums, not smack dab in the center of public spaces. Their presence in such places shows that white supremacism remains a kind of baseline in American life.   Persistent white supremacism may seem like an anachronism, but it simply testifies to the historical and social illiteracy of the American right in particular and the population in general, including Mr. Jordan here  For instance, Lee's racism would not have disqualified him for command of federal forces in 1861 because white supremacism was the law of the land in the US for over 100 years after that, north and south. Even the abolitionist movement was infected with white supremacism: read Frederick Douglass' "My Bondage and My Freedom".   Likewise, the idea of black emigration was embraced by many black leaders, well into the 20th century, see Martin Delany and Marcus Garvey. Harriet Beecher Stowe herself was both: arguably a bigot and a proponent of emigration.
Who gave them the right to do that since the country was founded, advanced, built, made a world power, by white folk mainly with some help from "assimilated" races.  Please don't give me the old blolewey about Natives and Blacks as we all fought world wars together and won.  And yes, Owe-bama did ONLY look out for his people and no one else, that is for sure!
is this organization called  "Black lives matter" or  "GAY Black lives matter"?  why are they dictating to a gay organization?
Get over it Clinton Cheerleaders. Broom Hildary and Bubba Bill are never going to be President and a shadow president.  On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States.  President Obama will resume race hustling to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat plantation as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,
The author ignores the fact that Mandela was a terrorist bomber whose bombs killed many innocent South Africans both black and white.  Stop with he was a great man, he wasn't any better than the IRA
Since decisions about release have to be made based on prior actions by similarly appearing defendants, a Mexican would be more likely to go to Mexico than this defendant, true?  So, higher flight risk.  And if you judge an unemployed black defendant against the history of unemployed black defendants and compare skip rates of that demographic to that of Alison, I'd bet a couple hundred bucks that their skip rate is higher.   So, higher flight risk.
Typical socialists trying to convince people black is white.  Rent controls will reduce the supply.  Proven time and time again.  Yet the unwashed living paycheck to paycheck can't figure it out.  In a few years there won't be any place to live and they will have went from a bad situation to a terrible one.
Time will tell if the increased growth of the economy will translate to more jobs for Blacks, Hispanics, other minorities and poor whites. Under the current administration, all people will have more opportunity to advance, if the agenda outlined by the President is enacted. On the other hand, Blacks must address some important social issues within their own communities if they are to take advantage of Trump's policies. For example, in 2013 the out of wedlock birthrate among Blacks was estimated at approx. 72%, whereas for Asians and Pacific Islanders it was 17%. Unfortunately you have people like Al Sharpton who in the past has stated, "The last time I checked it's not illegal to get pregnant" (on national TV, so please don't ask for a reference); I haven't got time for this). Anyway, I can't recall the last time the out of wedlock birthrate issue was discussed among Black politicians. Maybe all the elite pro athletes should ban together to promote family values. Is that  good idea?
Mr. Scott I don't defend the "Nazis" or the "KKK."  But I attack the media's focus on them as sensationalism.  I likely know the KKK stories as well as you.  Just did a little additional reading and it seems that many of the 3000 or so blacks that were lynched in the last 150 years were not lynched by the KKK but by groups of local people claiming they were acting in revenge for murder or rape.  So bottom line, I think the KKK is more of a symbol rather than the primary instrument of racial violence in the US.  The US Nazi groups use the German word but are not Nazis in the same sense as members of the German workers party.  I suspect they call themselves Nazis to be in your face given the inflammatory nature of the term.
Unbelievable. There was not only pain, but injuries resulting from forced splits. Sort of sounds like torture, no?  Some people would be enraged if we did this to terrorists. Was this only done to white girls? The picture only shows a white girl being held down by black girls, and the coach is also black. Imaging if the tables were turned! This would be all over the national news, and people would be protesting, rioting, and looting their own neighborhoods.
Hypothesis: a supposition or proposed explanation made on the basis of limited evidence as a starting point for further investigation.  Limited evidence: "I don't believe in safety nets" (Elway, on Fox News Sunday)  Safety nets - like food stamps. Medicaid, social security, Medicare - things that many black kids and their parents rely on.   That in my view was a political and disparaging comment and uncalled for, but gave me insight into Elways agenda.      As I said, the results of the season will tell.
Trump did something the players union was unable to do. He forced the owners to support the players because without them they lose billions of dollars. Black players are about 70% of the NFL. There may be enough racists to elect Trump, but there are not enough to fill 16 stadiums a week for 17 weeks at as much as $100 per seat or more. If Alabama and Auburn universities lost all their black players, a state of emergency would be declared for the state of Alabama. They started recruiting black players when they got tired of being beat up by the likes of integrated schools such as USC, Ohio State, and Michigan. Of course, this could all be avoided if we had equal rights for all citizens. As a nation, we have never achieved that goal. The original Constitution only liberated land owning white men. Our current Constitution is suppose to give equal rights to all citizens.
she did just that! there were people there that didn't like the music. the GM saw this and acted. the internet forgets that it wasn't there at the fair. even the video is post performance so you have the angry black dude screamin racism without proof! as usual!
In the 500+ days between the Tray von shooting and the Zimmerman trial, more than 11,000 blacks were killed by other blacks, an inconvenient truth for sure?
Are you talking about "lefties" that are politicians? Who are these people? If anything, the Democratic Party has increasingly become Republican-lite, and does a very poor job of representing the progressive majority in this country.    A perfect example of the problem:  1. ACA IS the compromise. In fact, it's essentially the Heritage Foundation's plan and what the Republicans used to be behind.  2. Democrats work to pass it, constantly asking for input from the Republicans. Except for some amendments, the Republicans refuse to play any part out of.....well, spite? If not racism.   3. Republicans work almost in lockstep to try to roll back .... their own plan, because it is now associated with a black Democrat? And kick millions off of healthcare? And they worked very hard to write their "replacement" in secret. They didn't work very hard at the crafting of it, they worked very hard to keep it secret. And then used very unusual procedures to try to pass it.
Apparently you are unfamiliar with Lyndon B Johnson and his multiple frequent references to his member, and his propensity for pulling it out in public and exhibiting it.  Security Security Council meeting, discussion of the rising power of China; the President with his zipper down and his member in his hand states "Well, I can tell you here's one *&%$#@ the Chinese will never get."  His comments about blacks are nearly unrepeatable.  Bill Clinton, John F Kennedy, all make Trump look like a choir boy.  So, you don't like Trump. Got it.  Now we can we please go on to "who will lead healing"?
Brilliant. You name off three black men in either sports or entertainment, and then a guy in... Africa? What do any of them have to do with average working black Americans?
Black Lives Matter people are not racist, Richard.  They are just trying to stop police shootings of unarmed, innocent African Americans as well as poor whites. African Americans are eight times more likely to be shot by police than whites.  However, poor whites are increasingly also victims of police violence.  Please use the Dogpile search engine Richard, and get some real information on Black Lives Matter instead of mindlessly watching corporate controlled FOX (Faux) News.
It is also known that there are plenty of trigger happy blacks that the media do not cover.  At any rate, it serves no purpose to continuing in demonizing either side.  That only leads to more hate and furthering the circle.
"if a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.” --- Where were those 300 when the PDSB faith advisor hosted a hate spewing imam from Egypt?
Most of the crime in this country is from Punjab, Chinese, , Black gangs. There are shootouts weekly in Vancouver as immigrants fight over drug wars. Why are you on the left afraid of the truth?
james - Yea, but ur special.  Maybe it has nothing to do with racism and more to do with employers' experiences with the work ethics of different races?  Has anyone studied that?  If you owned a business and had to choose between a slacker and an achiever, which would you hire?  This is similar to the reason why a higher percentage of blacks are in prison.  Maybe it's because a higher percentage of blacks are criminals? Has anyone studied that?  Keep in mind that blacks comprise only 16% of the population which about 1 in 6.  Should that ratio be any higher when it comes to employment?  Non-Hispanic whites comprise 63%.  Whites should have  been 4x more likely to get called back, not just 2x as much as blacks.
Your figures are deliberately misleading. Blacks make up 13% of US population. You have restricted your numbers, if not outright lied about them, to a single age cohort without restricting the percent of white and Hispanic an equal amount. if you had done so, your figures for whites would be 16.6% of the population commits 45.3% of murders.  Let's see your source, twyford the lieford.  Here's mine:    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States
“I want to thank Trump for making black people No. 1 on the most oppressed list. He’s the reason I’m probably up here,” Glover said. This statement is why prejudice still exists today.
Who cares where they get the money. As Deng Xiaoping said about China's change to private enterprise system: "It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white -- as long as he catches the mouse."
Give it a rest!  Trump allowed a black, homeless woman to live in Trump Towers for over 8 years to help her!
White, black, red, these are racial categories. The term race or racial group refers to dividing the human species according to physical characteristics that are inherited.[1] The most widely used human racial types are those based on visual traits (such as skin color, cranial, facial features, or type of hair.) https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_(sociology) Latino, Asian, Native American--these are ethnic categories. An ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on common language, ancestral, social, cultural, or national experiences.[1][2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethnic_group There are many Asians, Latinos and American Indians whose skin is whiter than some Europeans'  skin, so I don't really understand what you mean by "identifying as something or someone you aren’t." If Asians, Latinos and American Indians identify as white because their skin is white you have no say in it, 4:20. They may be whiter than you, 4:20. I advise spf50
Sad that schools in Brazil don't teach the critical reasoning that would lead any sane non-white person to  reject Mormonism.  If you take the Book of Mormon and cross out all the racist references, references to plural marriage and blood atonement- there's not much left of the book.    Here's a typical racist remark from official Mormon doctrine:  Those who were less valiant in pre-existence and who thereby had certain spiritual restrictions impose on them during mortality are known to us as the negroes. Such spirits are sent to earth through the lineage of Cain, the mark put upon him for his rebellion against God, and his murder of Able being a black skin. . . . Noah's son married Egyptus, a descendant of Cain, thus preserving the negro lineage through the flood. . . . the negro are not equal with other races where the receipt of certain spiritual blessings are concern. . . . " (Mormon Doctrine, 527-28; 1966 orig. ed., changed in the current ed.; emphasis added).
Re: "a shared culture."  You can put the titles of African-American movies--movies that celebrated black lifestyles and "culture"--that were created before 1970 on one page of a small notebook.    Most of America's "shared culture" was fabricated "dream-wish" style by a handful of US east-coast Jewish immigrants--1st and 2nd generation--whose escapist fare (Andy Hardy series; lavish 30s-50s musicals, safe 19th century frontier dramas called "westerns") projected the kind of "shared culture" they WANTED the US to represent, not as it actually was--or even had been (ever see "Young Thomas Edison"?) (Shock of shocks when 20th Century Fox had the guts to back Zanuck in making Grapes of Wrath. Only the cynical would suggest buying the year's best-selling novel made it an easier decision...)  Which is one big reason why Hollywood was so slow to show the rise of Nazi Germany, even though the Jewish studio heads were petrified of what it represented.
From the 2010 US Census 12.6% of the US population is Black. Based on The Guardian & Washington Post databases for 2016 so far 27% of people killed by police whose race was known were Black. That's slightly more than double the population ratio.
I grew up where there were only whites and indigenous tribes. Never even saw a black person until I was 8 years old. I was pretty ignorant of racial issues. Then at 18 I dated the head cheerleader at the predominantly black high school in a big city, and my eyes began opening to a lot of things.
Jaded, you might want to go back and reread the great professor's "apology."  You see she herself considers herself the least racist person anywhere, as she declared her shock that "I, OF ALL PEOPLE" could be accused of racism.  This is politely known as "academic arrogance," the view that being  a brilliant law school senior professor she can do no wrong.   You'll also notice she herself has not come to terms with what she actually did and why so many  people are upset..  Twice she used the term "black makeup" rather than using the historically socially significant term "Blackface" which is how  many others see her.  For a university  community desperate to move beyond its history of racism this has been  a major blow.  It's going to take a lot of good people doing a lot of good things to overcome the damage.  (But firing her would NOT be a constructive solution, a dialogue about what this all means, as Leighton suggests, is far better.)
How much government funding did white kids get in relation to blacks,indian and coloured kids ?
Or how about the southern states where blacks still risk their lives to vote against the Republican Party machine, Donna.
You seem to agree with VicXVI that Trump didn't expressly endorse white supremacy.  So you must think he did so implicitly.   You seem to think that if you're "talking about cutting taxes," and all these "totally economic things," that affect blacks more than whites, you're in an alliance with the KKK and the Nazi Party.  Holy Moly!  Bill Clinton signed "Workfare," a reasonable piece of legislation which affected blacks more than whites.  Was he in an alliance with the KKK or the Nazis?  Geez, are you beginning to get a glimpse?
What is "the identity politics movement"?  There's no formal "movement" that is pressing for a greater sense of racial, gender or sexual identity.   The insight that white folks have rights and privileges that people of color typically lack derives from the Civil Rights Movement and from the study of what those privileges are and have been by historians, sociologists, activists and philosophers.  Black Lives Matter is not an "identity politics movement"; it's a social movement that calls for law enforcement reform and has the support of lots of white folks . If anything, the only identitarian "movement"  I can think of that fits your description is the white supremacist movement, which IS calling for white power and separatism.
After January 20th, Muslims will become (to use your favourite term) untouchables in the US. Not allowed to use schools, airports, hotels, restaurants along with their white counterparts.   Kind of like African Americans had to go through segregation. Bet you support that too!
Black Lives Matter is a legitimate group in the US given all the police shootings in that country. I have seem estimates of up to a thousand people of all groups being shot being shot by the police   BLM makes no sense in Canada as the police shootings are about 25 annually with only a few blacks involved.   This is another example of our media mimicking the US along with income inequality and immigratin issues.
If only the world were truly as black and white as your statement. Then we would be all be as perfect as you!
Jessica Brown wrote: "Every time it happens BLM “claims” that they have nothing to do with it.  But it happens when BLM has “protests”…..can you add?"  JB do you know what logic is, I'm glad you think you know how to add?  Protesters at a rally called by Black Lives Matter DID NOT shoot the police (unless of course you have real proof otherwise).  Quit trying to spread racist lies.
How do you stop racial bias?  Most of the time it's in the eye of the beholder.  You stopped me because _______.    What does collecting data have to do with anything.  In the City of Denver, the east side officers are going to have black stops, the west side Hispanic, the south west - white.  I'm not sure what collecting that will entail and prove?  Aurora is the same way, so is Thornton, it's called demographics.  Unless the Auditor thinks that only straight white men should be stopped, this is a waste of time and  just an attempt to triumph on recent events.
Lmao where did I at all bring up the race of NFL players. Last I checked there white, black, Mexican, Asian. Last I checked the NFL is also comprised of a large number of felons and criminals who Without the NFL wouldn't have a leg to stand on. Once again no race brought up. I put in more work than elite actors so yes I should be paid more as do the several other races of people who Put in much harder work. Is it white privelage to Say that. Once again I ask. Clearly define white privelage or any privelage I have being white over someone who is black, besides being able to tan my skin several shades darker lol. Last I checked any race can stand up with pride for there race. Mexicans certainly do with la raza so is that Mexican privelage. Please explain? Also yes in the field I work in and the company I own I'd certainly easily be in the top 100 of what I do which is a rather small field. What's it to you? Get up off your knees and wipe your mouth  The NFL is done.
Tom, as a non-musician myself I won't attempt to take sides in your debate with Helmut Plant regarding Halls' firing.  I   do appreciate hearing both sides.   And I agree it was handled in an abominable manner by those awkward folks at the UO who endlessly seem to suffer from foot in mouth disease.. However, now we have this bizarre story  that Halls was fired for telling a harmless joke to a black friend, so we have a whole army of UO critics screaming for heads to roll. A typical modern "witch hunt." Could we all stay calm until  we have a reasonable investigation to uncover the true facts of the story?
I had to smile and laugh at this; "...labeled us as less than human to white Americans."  I have always thought that calling someone "white" was "pejorative and not a self-designative term"  and in pretty poor taste.  Also, a lot of these names for people, places or things that trace their ancestry/history to the area we now call Alaska originate from Eastern Russia and the Caucasus area and thus not European.  Calling everyone European is not using "self-designative terms that local Indigenous people... would use".  Perhaps European-American, Native European or Caucasian would be more appropriate for those whining about being called Black, Eskimo or whatever.
All true and excellent article.  We ordinary folk out there have to help the press by sharing info on social media.  There is a lot of abuse against the truth in the press and against journalists.  We have to all (black, coloured, indian, white, pink and blue) stand together.  Our voices can be heard.
Are you being serious? Are you suggesting abortion was a "benefit" to the child thus killed? That's what eugenicists claim.   80% of abortion facilities are located in minority neighbourhoods. About 13% of American women are black, but they receive over 35% of the abortions.   Almost as many African-American children are aborted as are born. A black baby is three times more likely to be aborted as a white baby.   Since 1973, abortion has reduced the black population by over 25%. Twice as many African-Americans have died from abortion than have died from AIDS, accidents, violent crimes, cancer, and heart disease combined.
"You remind me of 1950s America when most US white women listed their job as homemaker while nearly all women of color listed their job as maid."  Nothing like an erroneous stereotype. No, many blacks, like many whites, lived in rural areas in the 1950s. You watched too many episodes of "Jeffersons."
Did they expect that our dairy farmers would just dump their surplus milk onto the ground rather than sell it at prices comparable to imports?[..]  That (dumping milk in the ground) IMO is a crime that should come with heavy fines. The government should step in and buy the milk at 'cost' and then turn it into dry milk powder and give to other countries instead of giving money that is squandered by their crooked regimes ie Africa. I am well aware that such products  do become to some degree part of the 'black market'. There is no easy answer here.
The magical double-standard here is that if a black or brown person is accused of a crime, it reflects on all black or brown folks in the eyes of most white Americans.  But when a white is accused of a crime, it only reflects on the individual criminal.  And of course most white Americans rationalize this by claiming black and brown folks are disproportionately among the 'criminal class'.  Hmm...can ya gimme that again?  79-80% of mass-shooters and child molesters are white, and this is FAR in excess of their percentage of the population (62%).  17-18% is WAY past 'statistically significant' in this context.  Funny this particular statistic is seldom used to bolster such rationalizations.  In fact most white Americans, and their white-dominated media conglomerates, remain pretty much completely silent about it.  "Forked tongue" and all that...
You're right, "it's a statue for goodness sake," and no way does leaving it there diminish the human rights of black people or anybody else.
Geez, it's called SARCASM, perhaps a new concept for you...and the black market profiteers whistle while they work.
In no way do I wish to diminish the issues swirling around the stated issue I. This article, bit I think there's something else of note here as well.  By wording things the way it des, the Vatican seems to be trying to create wiggle room for itself.  But as we've seen over and over, there are times when black and white might be a better approach.   How few of us can u derstand why the bishops have so badly handled the abuse mess?  Or this issue of gay priests? Or women?  I would hope that this "cleverness" on the part of the insiders could come to an end.  They seem to still want everything both ways...  If the laity is to believe things are black and white, why not the bishops?   I think this dualit mindset is not good for the church these days.
This is CYA by the media. Where's the coverage of the black on black shootings, in cities like Chicago. The protest by NFL players is about cops targeting blacks, however when the question about the black on black crime in inter-city, that is being ignored, doesn't fit the template. So now the media give us a story about toddlers shooting people. How many toddlers have been shot in Chicago? Where's the parents?
If earnings and insurance were the only or primary factors, then I'd expect Latinos would be similarly disproportionally represented as are blacks. However, the same report that shows blacks at 40% doesn't even have specific data for Latinos. Latinos, Asians, Native Americans, Eskimos, etc. are all lumped into the "Other" category at 10%.
Isn't this the organization who gave Obama the same type of prize.....just because he's black and got to be President?
Though Jews discriminate no less than others, discrimination alone isn't apartheid. Apartheid occurs when a minority group in a territory, backed by the full might of the government they control, suppresses and abuses a democratic majority in that same territory. And that's the situation in Palestine. Israel calls the shots there, not the democratic Palestinian majority.   Again, the parallels to apartheid South Africa are clear. The SA government would intervene in the black territories if, say, a white settler or corporation wanted land and resources there. The territory's so-called autonomy would disappear, and if necessary the military would be sent in to enforce the will of Johannesburg.  I began the discussion by saying that there are significant human rights abuses throughout the Middle East. But there's only one apartheid state in the region: Israel.  Wishing you a good day, too.
In what cases are you allowed to discriminate against protected classes? So you are saying if the baker wins, others will not be able to discriminate based on religion?  Hard pressed? No, there are many racist Christians that interpret the bible so their religious views would not allow them to serve blacks. It is pretty easy to,say the bible means this or that. It is full of wild contradictions and half truths.  Did you read the article? The baker already stopped making wedding cakes because he knows he is in violation of the law that prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation.  He is asking to legally discriminate.
Talk is beginning to surface about who is funding the anti-Trump black-mask protests and how far must it go before it becomes sedition.
Cut funding  last time with QUAIA (Queers Against Israeli Apartheid) marching in the Parade and playing politics the City did not cut funding this time do it right and cut funding the funding is for gay rights and gay pride politics and not for politics like Black activism, anti-Israel activism  cut the funding and stop the nonsense already
Finally, after asking one question so many times of people and never once getting a response, "Why do you say Obama is the most divisive president ever?", I have my answer: he was black. Pure and simple. Some were so quick to toss out the "race card" retort any time there was an attempt to discuss race, even though racism was always at the core of the label "divisive".  Now we have a 30% president who draws support from hate, white supremacist, and neo-Nazi groups, organizations that are growing in size, number and boldness since his inauguration. He does nothing to discourage them. Their ilk are even on his staff in the persons of Bannon, Miller, Gorka and, until recently, the fired Higgins. How many more are there?  This 30% president needs to clean house if he expects to have any chance of being the president of a majority of us, let alone all of us.
In one study that I recently read, 1.5 million black men have disappeared in America.  Many have died an early death and the rest are locked up in prison and many for the rest of their life.  In another study, black men are 31 time more likely to die than a white man.  That's a high percentage for blacks considering that the white population is at least 3 times larger.  Look at these 2014 statistics:  https://www.propublica.org/article/deadly-force-in-black-and-white
Surprise, surprise! Guax has finally discovered the secret of the ages - Lincoln was a racist.  Yes, he was.  He didn't hide his feelings about deporting slaves, either back to Africa or some third country.  He also did not believe blacks should vote.  His attitude toward blacks at the time was similar with most abolitionists, and most mainstream America.
correct, "police can't stop monitories for no reason" except that they in fact do stop people for no reason and in most cases are shot to death during the stop if they are black.
The Klan, the White Citizens Councils, and various other violent racist groups have been at it since the Civil War. 2,400 black people were killed by lynch mobs in the South between 1882 and 1930. The feeble attempts at equivalency are risible.
The SJWs want to remove all Confederate memorials, street names and the like because of slavery, yet Planned Parenthood was established by Margaret Sanger to eradicate African Americans.  And even today their clinics are in poor, minority areas.   Those who support Planned Parenthood wouldn't think of supporting the Nazis, but Planned Parenthood and the Nazis had similar missions to eradicate those they believed to be inferior;  the so called white privilege at its worse. Blacks comprise only 13% of the population of America but account for 37% of all abortions with Planned Parenthood's assistance.
First of all, the country is only about 240 years old. Second, there have been Black Americans being elected to office since 1868 and being elected with white votes. Black Americans voted almost exclusively for republicans until the 50's, when the democratic party started this myth that the republican party is the party of racists and the KKK. Republicans did not respond effectively, being mainly silent so not to appear as being mean to the democrats. Black politicians were almost all republicans until the late 40's. Black democrats began appearing about that time because a portion of the democratic party began embracing civil rights, the same rights the republican party had been embracing since it's formation. You say that minorities have gained the political maturity to vote for those who protect their interests? I say that minorities need to take a hard look at what has happened to them by being lied to. What party has controlled the cities and states with the most poverty, etc. ?
Only that you assumed from both my post and that from jamesjames below, that we are somehow worried that the "Men in Black" are coming to take our firearms away, and the somewhat snide way in which you point out your assumption. But them some can't refrain from sarcasm for any reason.
alesia, I don't know, but let me ask you this: Does him being a a "black man" make him immune to recession when the recession is in session in Session's backyard, while enjoying a session-styled ale?
If? If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.  Why not tie the "increased harassment" to the alt-left and their epic hate for Big Orange? Orange is far more diverse than black, brown or Muslim right?  According to anonymous sources at the DNC, ISIS endorsed Hillary and contributed millions to her campaign.
I see this as a black day for BC and for Canada.
Coming down hard on someone for posting racist comments (or even comments that can be perceived as racist)  is not pandering to the 'black vote', it's the right thing to do, especially in a country with a history of institutionalised racism. Also, without the 'black vote', the DA is never going to win anything!
Those of whatever pigmentation make racist remarks about people of other races that happen to share the same pigmentation.  Africans have racist jokes about fellow Africans , Europeans have racist jokes about other Europeans ....and I'm certain Asians have racist jokes about other Asians.
I don't know why this comment is here, because it is off-topic, but just a clarification for you: The issue isn't that a Black cop shot a Black person, but that a police officer shot another Black person.
You mean 8 years of Republican obstructionism in order to continue George W Bush and Dick Cheney's policies of giving unneeded tax cuts to the wealthy and waging wars with a credit card instead of a tax increase and all talk and no action to come up with an alternative or improvement to the ACA. Any alternative they did propose but didn't act on usually would not cover everyone and would be worse than the ACA.  Wonder why 95% of Republicans are white. Can't be that the black people know that they are racists, many thanks to Tricky Dick Nixon's Southern Strategy.
Unlike several here, I like public art and don't want to see it vandalized.  You neglected to mention that the Houston article also was about vandalism of a statue of Martin Luther King. Why didn't you mention that? The King statue, in a black neighborhood park, was splattered with white paint, while the Columbus statue in another part of town was splattered with red paint. Both were easily cleaned by city workers. The decapitated statue was in Ohio and the statue represented a revolutionary war veteran. The head was stolen, so it was probably unrelated to Civil War statue removal.  In fact, none of the statues mentioned were related to Civil War Confederate heroes.
"The reason no KKK member or neo- Nazi wouldn't have voted for Barack Obama had less to do with him being black and more to do with his pronouncement that he wanted to fundamentally change America."  Uh huh.  "And Obama's successes in trying to fundamentally change America lead to Trump as president."  More to do with HRC's crappy campaign.  "Even more ridiculous is the idea that the Democratic Party became pure somewhere along the way."  I've never claimed it was pure.  I just deny that it is the same party now as the one that gave rise to Jim Crow, segregation and the KKK.  Others seem to think it's the same while ignoring the past 50 years.  I'd love for you to explain what you mean by "fundamentally change America".  You seem very attached to using it as a talking point.
Lars, I just need to correct some historical inaccuracies. McCarthy was the junior republican senator from Wisconsin. Hugo Black was a high ranking member of the KKK and was nominated to the supreme court by FDR, opposed vehemently by republicans, and confirmed by the heavily democratic senate. Other than those points, your comment is spot on factual.
Clearly your biased media sources have not reported Facebook's walking back of their initial claims following Trump calling them out on it. Get the word from the man himself: https://www.facebook.com/zuck/posts/10104067130714241 Note he now calls the ads "problematic", not Russian. The ads were for the most part issue related, not candidate related.  No one in the MSM says a peep about George Soros funding of organizations like Black Lives Matter or AntiFa, which are a far more socially divisive force than these alleged Russian ads.   I used to work for a business in the Internet advertising space. Every advertiser had at least a business name, contact name, full mailing address, phone number and email address associated with their account. Apparently Facebook did not even have this basic protocol, or they would not have been "tricked" into taking money from the Internet Research Agency (aka Russia's troll factory) for 3000 ads (allegedly)... $30 each, wow.
Probably not, it would have been a bigger deal if it were a white/black scenario. That's just how it is, it's more socially acceptable to bash Asians. I can tell you from experience as an Asian-AMERICAN growing up in a tough West Coast Hood.
Article:  "If [those kneeling] say it is a protest against racial injustice and not an attack on the flag, their interpretation should be respected...challenging their interpretation...is arrogant and demeaning. To tell them they cannot express and explain their views is to cut off their freedom of expression."  While there may be errors and bad actors in law enforcement, there is now no institutional racial injustice against blacks in the US.  Neither is the issue free expression, since the 1st Amendment prohibits on the enactment of Federal law by Congress to restrict free speech.  No such law applies here. The players were freed to make their point by the 1st Amendment and by loose wording in the NFL Game Operations Manual.  The convention is to stand and so respect for the flag during the anthem. When one refuses, one disrespects the flag and the country.  Comparing this to posture at Mass is nonsense.  Once upon a time, sloppy work such as this article was beneath the Jesuits.
I've heard that one before "I have a lot of Jewish/Black, etc. etc. friends. " And they are almost as good as 'real' people"  is the sub-text.  "Shanty Irish" and "Lace Curtain Irish"  equals the "N-word".    Pure Bigotry.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lace_curtain_and_shanty_Irish
Seems our first black president has a black son.
I think that any real healing will have to involve much more than managing Trump.   I have read numerous accounts of people being harassed and intimidated.  Terri posted on her wall that her son has told her that people in her son's neighborhood are burning rainbow flags, as they are hanging on people's houses.  In Queens,  a Black woman was told to go to the back of the  bus.  One of my Muslim friends told me that she is telling her children not to talk to anyone at all about the election, because she is so worried that they may be attacked.  These are just a few examples of stuff that is happening.  When behavior like this is going on, this indicates a very, very serious problem.  That problem needs to be recognized and addressed before there can be any healing.
If the shooter turns out to be black and the victims white, will the Globe continue "reporting" or drop the story?
Why not Bolu as a short-form, easy to say alias to make life easier for a possibly harried waitress with multicultural customers, who might (dare I say) have been performing for her to make a point?  Canadians are  easy prey in terms of  playing on their unearned racial guilt.  People from around the world know Canada is much more "open" than their own countries but soon start the selective forgetting and pointing out small imperfections in our open-arms landscape.  I wish Canadians would not be so vulnerable to this tactic and just see through the colour dimension.  Multiculturalism is when you can call a black man rude or unreasonable and even an a-hole and this is not seen the same as calling him a nigger.  Canadians should head things off by announcing that we, like most peoples , have some degree of racist DNA but that we do our best to keep it to a minimum.  Only when we try or pretend to be perfect are we so vulnerable to restaurant-like encounters as the once described.  Larry
So where was the ACLU when many clothing designers refused to work for Melania Trump ? They will speak against  a florist in Washington State for refusing service, why not against these designers ? Selective logic again ? Does a gay engaged couple deserve more Civil Liberty than Ms. Trump ? Does a white guy in Alabama deserve to be refused service by black workers in a Mac Donald's ?
The author asserted that white men are the cause of daily violence against women and minorities, without any citations. Since the much larger cause of violence against minorities in this example, is other minorities, it is a relevant statistic to quote.  Black people in the US are 13% of the population, but are responsible for half of violent crimes, largely against their own people.  The media with its focus on advancing a chosen narrative and making money ignores the larger problem of black-on-black violence and  gives massive coverage to police incidents where black men were shot by police, without really investigating if it was justified.  If you have any statistics showing 'white male violence' so massively over-represented relative to population, feel free to share.
One could argue that reasonable people will just takes a pass on dressing like a negative stereotype or going blackface, and just "settle" for the wide variety of other options out there.
Really Elise? You actually thanked the crew and pilots for not beating you up?? How rude and crude can you be in a proper aspect. Such bigoted comment even as a joke. I am sure they were having a good time regarding you for what you are. It weird how people like Elise will condemn the whole industry for the deed of a few. It like her thanking a police man for not beating or shooting her out of the blue after one such report. Or thanking a black man for not mugging her after one such report or thanking a pit bull for not mauling her after one such report. Yeah the airlines industry in the US isn't the prime example of luxury. But I think most people in that industry do the best they can under the conditions impose upon them. After all, Elise, these people you were rude to, didn't make the rules or design the seating arrangement. They too have to work under those conditions you are whining about. Adjust and adapt has always been my motto, Elise, I think you should do the same.
Without seeing it in motion...just by the description it seems to say we are the same..WOMEN, white or black/brown etc.
The mess Pope Francis is trying to avoid is schism from the authoritarian Catholics inhabiting the conservative traditional wing of the Church.  Had he clarified the issue of the Communion for the divorced and remarried he would have sent this part of the Church into orbit and right out the door.  In the interest of Church unity, he seems to feel confusion is better than clarity.  The truth is Francis isn't going to preserve the Church in the West with confusion about doctrine the majority of laity have already settled for themselves.  He needs to decide if the Church's mission is better served by his version of sowing ambiguity for the sake of the Burke's of the Catholic world, or biting the bullet and moving beyond the authoritarianism and black and white dogma the Burke's of the Church need for their own security.  If Jesus is the example we should follow, the decision is pretty clear.  We move beyond authoritarianism and black and white dogma.
I hadn't noticed the picture, so thanks. I liked it too. Black lives matter.
Your perception is selective. What President Trump has continually said is that he is for free speech, no matter if you like what the person is saying or not. Just because you don't like racial supremacists, which he has continually denounced, doesn't mean President Trump is one himself when he stands for their right to speak and have assembly under our U.S. Constitution, that he has sworn to uphold.  Hear in lies the breakdown of your false accusations.  As for your jobs attack goes, black employment is way up since President Trump came to office.  http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/17/black-employment-up-up-up-under-trump/
Wow! That's quite an article! I don't think the ordinary black people who so idolize him, know this! Otherwise they would be boiling! But then maybe they would idolize hos success, like they do Floyd Mayweather saying he walks around with 15 million in cash! Amazing!  Where does all this money come from? The ordinary fk who idolize these people, bet on fights, pay for speeches?
The accusation has been suggested  that those who are really upset about Deady's name being  on  Deady Hall are somehow trying to "cover up" Oregon's history; I was simply showing that the opposite  is the case.  Thus I'm happy Black Lives Matter raised this issue.  I'm hoping that the UO has now come to recognize there is not a single building on campus named for a minority person*; that none of the campus statues show a minority person (except the romanticized Indian maiden inside the art museum)  and that Sheldon's famous history of the UO up to WWII does not mention even a single minority person, not even Condon's students Wemura and Paul Gatow.   *Now, if we recognize Jews as   a minority---as  we should, as this KKK discussion has shown that Jews were targets as were Catholics and blacks-- we can be proud of Friendly Hall, named for  Sam Friendly (Freundlich) a great Eugene Mayor, businessman and most  of all  fantastic supporter of the UO!
Nobody even cares about it anymore. Just politics.    BTW, I'm curious what affirmative action a homeless black man would have?
First insult of the guax comment - "Lincoln and his cronies broke the law".  Where in the Constitution do we find the language permitting states to unilaterally nullify a law?  Or, for that matter, where are the provisions for secession?  Confiscation of federal property by armed threat?  Second insult - living conditions "with good food, clothing, shelter...".  Quite frankly, the living conditions were worse than the corrals and barns used to restrain animals.  Southern bigots and racists argued that blacks were worse than sub-human.  Any blacks who tried to run away were (a). beaten to death; (b). hung; (c). tortured; (d). shackled; (e). permanently hobbling slaves by having the Achilles’ tendon severed leaving the victim lame.  This is the world you glorify.
Do you not realize that your own figures prove the very disproportionality that you appear to deny? 25 percent of unarmed persons killed by police were black? That's twice as many as would be proportional, given they are 13 percent of the population.
The DP 'editorial board' is much like my HOA board, both ignorant of fact.  This 'cub scout' never came up with these questions on his own, it was his 'social justice' mother who put him up to it.  And, besides that, Marble only told the truth, 'blacks have a genetic problem with anemia, but, they diet is a good one, love their friend chicken and barbecue'  There was nothing wrong with her answer, just that she isn't a Liberal Socialist.
Greg, I believe your note "but there’s no evidence to prove farmers are more vulnerable than other citizens" is a terminological inexactitude. Using the figures from Wiki of 1336 farmer murders in 22 years, and the assumption that 30 000 farmers with their spouses number 50 000, the murder rate for farmers and spouses (some of whom are black) is 3.5 x higher than the national average. In my book that would be called "3.5 x more vulnerable". In my opinion any identifiable group in South Africa that suffers a murder rate 3.5 the national average deserves attention and action.
Congratulations to Manager Bud Black for starting Tapia.  It takes a lot of courage for a manager (Black) to look a legend (Gonzales) in the face and say, perhaps (who knows what he said?) "hey, fellow, your struggling bad and I know it kills you.  I'll let the kid play in your place - maybe it will be the key to keep us going."  That is championship-caliber managing which the Rockies will need the rest of the way.
It's a great thing that one of Stephen Harper's back room boys can be rehabilitated because we somehow need to know his views on behalf of The Fraser Institute and Civitas (basically a secret society).  With his views on child pornography "what's wrong with child pornography, in the sense that they're just pictures?" behind him, he's the perfect match to the National Post's Conrad Black.  Harper should have make him a senator when he had the chance, and he and Lynne Beyak could lead the charge against Aboriginal and Metis rights together.
The folks who are moaning and groaning the most over the loss of healthcare are those who also felt and still feel that Obamacare needs to be repealed because it was created by a Black president. "How dare he!" That is the sole reason. And most of them are poor whites in the deep south. That is the true America Trump found and hollers at during his rallies. For sure.
Depressing? I like the business climate. Confidence is up, wages and more employment and a growing economy. Finally Blacks and other  minorities will have an opportunity to make significant gains. Under the last administration Blacks lost ground. I cannot imagine what it would be like if Hillary had won. Like the last administration, she would believe that she represents about half the country (and not the deplorable half). We could not handle another term of a divisive administration.
"Racists like Trump."   It's now racist to oppose kneeling at the national anthem?  This whole episode just shows that calling Trump a racist --- and the whole rhetorical device of calling your opponents racist --- is absurd.   *************************** " . . . disrespecting the nation['s] need to think about why anyone would feel compelled to take this action and subject themselves to so much abuse. . . ."    We know why they're kneeling.  It's an extension of the Black Lives Matter movement, which assumes that America and white people in general are fundamentally racist.  People who believe that forget that America has affirmative action, that American courts punish violations of civil rights, that cops who murder blacks are prosecuted, and that several instances where BLM calls a police shooting murder turn out to be justified killings.
IIRC the same one Abraham Lincoln got passed, recognising that blacks are really humans and not property and as such cannot be enslaved. Same goes for "illegal" aliens, non-people to some Republicans,  but humans worthy of protection under the law. For example, it would be illegal to enslave them or to kick them out of an ER.  Women were different. We recognized they were human and deserve a lot of rights, but we had not considered them to be worthy of the privilege of voting.  We needed a special amendment for that.   Lawyers reason funny this way. Women who wanted to vote were to them criminals who disobeyed the law. But they were ok once the amendment was passed. They are very dense about the injustice of it all. Their mamas and kupunas didn't teach them right. This was pure sophistry.
"Legislators said that their intent was to address the fact that there is a higher percentage of minorities who are in prison for heroin and cocaine offenses."  That is a bogus argument.  The ones in prison are the dealers, not the first time or second time users.  Ten days in jail was listed by one of our posters as the first offense sentence under current law.  The minorities in prison self-select.   They choose to commit multiple felonies until they get there.  The most recent local example are the two black guys who committed felonies in Southern California and then chose to drive all the way up here to get convicted of Armed Robbery and Kidnapping of one of our legal marijuana sites.  (The third guy got away; maybe he was Caucasian?)  Or they choose one of the violent Measure 11 mandatory minimum felonies until they get there.
It's no great secret that there are Red and Blue States, many of which are so Red or So Blue that a Presidential election is not a real "contest."  There are others which are those "key" states in contention.  Indeed, the Republicans do "concede" some States and not waste much time and money on them.....exactly the same for the Democrats.  However, the demographics of some states are rapidly changing.  The Latino vote has become increasingly important in many states....Texas for example.  The African-American vote, typically Democratic-leaning, becomes more important as more Blacks, despite voter suppression efforts, both register and vote.  The votes of women  have become increasingly important...in the 2012 Presidential election, 53% of the votes were cast by women.  Trump is an overt misogynist and will have real trouble capturing much of the women's vote.  If Trump is nominated, it will, indeed, be a very interesting and unpredictable election....
Mr. Dunham wrote a pretty good article on Tsar Alexander II. But he forgot few things along the way. Freedom for the serfs, took a long time to get going even after the orders were given. Old habits died hard, just the way it was for freed black slaves in the United States. Also, blacks were enslaved by whites, American slavery was based partially on economic racism. In Russia, all the serfs were mostly whites, enslaved by whites so their slavery were economical exploitation in nature compounded by greed and power.
100% agree.    MLK is still the standards for fighting racism.  His legacy and name lives on to this very day...in the minds of all people of color!  This is a war for the minds of men.  BLM will crash and burn.
Is taking a knee about Black Lives Matter or has it morphed to a political protest against Trump? I think for a lot of fans, they see millionaire players who reside in protected enclaves, far away from the social issues they claim to support. At the same time, those players aren't protesting the fact some of their NFL veterans can be cut and their contract voided if they're not of use to the team. No team, no broadcast network has picked up Kaepernick. Sport and politics don't mix.
I'd draw an analogy between the Chicago (and other major cities') drug trade, the cocaine trade in Columbia, and the opium trade in Afghanistan.  If we stop them, we kill the local economies and cause civil unrest.  White people in America are the ultimate primary customers who create the demand and high profit margins.  So, it's complicated.  The income the illegal drug trade brings into the black community in Chicago is good for the local economy.  But it comes at a high price in black lives that apparently don't matter very much.  Next man up.  We might ought to consider legalizing all drugs, stop taxing them, and take the high risk premium profit margins out of the business.  And let nature take it's course.
The problem is the criminals have no money or are in jail,  yet a young girl lays in a hospital wondering who will pay her medical bills and her loss of job opportunities in the future because she is crippled. A court order for restitution is useless in a majority of these incidents.  She was just standing on a street corner or sitting in her living room when she was shot.  Meanwhile the NRA rakes in millions and does nothing to help her except thinking she or her parents should have been armed?  She sacrificed her life defending your version of the second amendment, yet you offer no compensation or healthcare.  She is no different than a soldier defending the constitution and the USA.  We need some type of national fund to help care for the innocent victims of gun violence, which number in the thousands, both old and young, black and white, male and female.  Who pays for this girl's medical expenses? I doubt the NRA will be doing bake sales to help this American hero.
900 on Felony Parole.  1,059 on Felony Probation.  Your reading comprehension skills could stand some improvement.  That is not  "9,000 ish"!  But, since you asked:  Black  7.7% of the Felons under supervision  1,019 Oregon Felony Probation 1,335 in Oregon Prison 1,126 on Oregon Felony Parole  White 80.3% of the Felons under supervision  13,594 Oregon Felony Probation 10,880 in Oregon Prison 11,570 on Oregon Felony Parole  The Hispanics are 8.3% of the Felons under supervision.    Would you like me to contrast that with the percentage of those populations in Oregon according to the census?   Hint:  The blacks exceed their proportional numbers; the Hispanics don't.   Of course, if an Hispanic is deported after being convicted/sentenced, they aren't exactly on parole or probation, either, so maybe those numbers don't reflect reality.
'I'm not black, but there's a whole lotta times I wish I could say I'm not white.'   - frank zappa
Here is Abraham Lincoln commenting on a similar period in our history, when the Know-Nothing party was working to keep my Irish Catholic ancestors out of the country.  "As a nation, we begin by declaring that "all men are created equal." We now practically read it "all men are created equal, except negroes." When the Know-Nothings get control, it will read "all men are created equal, except negroes, and foreigners, and catholics." When it comes to this I should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty-to Russia, for instance, where despotism can be taken pure, and without the base alloy of hypocracy."  Perhaps we could hire Russian mercenaries to vet the vetter vetters?
maybe...just maybe we have a black crime problem. Did you ever think of that?
There's opinions and there's lies . Shannyn probably knows the difference but chooses to lie . Trump NEVER said ALL Mexican's are drug dealers and rapists . He said he wants to throw out the one's who are. And there are many of them.  Shouldn't every American, except liberals, want them removed from our country to keep us all safer ? Trump was correct to set the record straight concerning Miss Universe . She signed a contract agreeing to stay in beauty contestant shape for the year she held that position . She didn't and was fired for being too fat. She wanted the perks that came with winning but not the duties.   Democrats run a false TV ad showing young girls looking in the mirror with frowns on their faces with Trump's dubbed in voice saying they all looked ugly as though he was talking about them . A total lie. When he sympathized with inner city blacks saying they were living in hell democrats claimed he was knocking them when he wanted to help them. Why do democrats lie so much ?
Yes, good things happen even when you have a liberal black man for President. Make sure to send your President a thank you note.
It might make a better argument if these researchers illustrated the neighborhood location of these gun deaths. How do black or white people fare when their neighborhoods are examined? For instance - in Cherry Creek, do the % of black people killed by gunshots match that in Five Corners or East Colfax?  This article suggests that race is an agent of gun deaths. If that is indeed the case, then the relative percentage of gun deaths in these racial groups would be fairly uniform across neighborhoods.  Neighborhoods represent a host of other demographic indicators, so studying the death rate by race in these neighborhoods will let us know if race is the only or major factor.
Well, first off, Black Lives Matter is a hate group out to stir up trouble.  There are real problems with race in this (and in other countries), yet this group just does nothing to stir the pot.  As for who owns Pride, I thought it was for the gay community and our allies.  It is designed to be an inclusive event.  If you are LGBT or an ally, then this Parade is for you.  It doesn't matter to me if you are conservative, liberal, black, white, Christian, Muslim, rich or poor.  This is for us - people who are OK with being who we are.  Black Lives Matter is a hate group and is trying to splinter Pride.  If there are issues, and there very well may be with regard to race, then Pride needs to address it, but we don't need agitators to do so.
Many of these reader comments show the sickness in my fellow white people. Philando Castile was murdered. For all of you who are so intent on rationalizing this murder: if these were white people in the car, no way would a cop pull a gun if there was a 4-year-old white child in the back seat. But, in America, a child of color—not just an adult who is not white—is not seen as a person. Once again: no way would the officer have pulled a gun if the little girl in the back seat was white. Also, Philando Castile was stopped an inordinate amount of times over the years, because black men are targeted by police for traffic violations. It is harder for them to get jobs, and cities target them to make up finances because rich white people hide money in tax shelters. His death was just a matter of time, he had been pulled over far too often.
Thank'ee, ma'am.  And yeah, a group of black kids in BP gear would have been expelled and these melanistically-challenged types would be screaming for them and their parents to be lynched.  Once while standing in line at an ATM with my wife and her aunt their hometown in NE Arkansas, a redneck in line behind us said to his buddy, "got a rope?"  I turned around, stepped up to him and said, yeah--got one in my truck.  Want me to go get it?"  Surprisingly, he suddenly stopped speaking and wouldn't look me in the eye.  Bullies are cowards.  ALWAYS.
"Republicans are for liberty? Since when?"  You mean besides fighting and dying to see the first two Amendments stay alive, giving blacks the right to vote, ending slavery, giving women the right to vote, and electing the first African-Americans in Congress? Not much...  ....Can't tell which is funnier- your background on political history or that you think anyone except Leftists care about bathrooms.
You repeat one untrue thing after another.  Trump won the election.  The popular vote was relatively a tie, meaning, half the nation did vote for Trump.  Oddly, same voters who voted for a Black president, twice, in just these last 8 years.
I've yet to see a jury convict a man for breathing while black, or a man plead guilty to that "offense."
Yeah and the Conservative white folks say there is no such thing as white privilege in America. Let this have been a group of Black men taking over a federal building armed with weapons and threatening violence. They would have been shot down within the first day.
Simply put, the color of Obama's skin saved him.  Imagine the civil war that would have erupted if the GOP had called for impeaching a Black president.  Of course, some say the baffoon who was his VP saved him, too.
You’re not making a derogatory remark... The big elephant in the room is that EVERY NFL team in this league is made up of mostly black players... And that’s the way they want it... Just like the NBA... And some black leaders in this country complain why there aren’t as much black players in MLB. Maybe the black youths are not that interested in baseball... They want equality but not... And if that offends klastri, then ts...(tough situation)...
Are you serious? Millions of white people did say that exact thing to blacks; and things 100X worse! And he was one who handled it with humor and rose above it.   A man not to be admired? Muhammad Ali had more courage, class,, intelligence, and wit than 99% of Americans of any color.
"every day for as long as it takes to achieve substantial progress, we will march and organize – for children’s rights, for reproductive rights, for LGBTQ rights, for disability rights, for black lives, for indigenous lives, for health care, for education, for immigrants, for workers and for a more inclusive society."  So I guess its fair to say you and the others don't know what you are marching for except for some generalities that can't be defined and can't be measured. This is what you end up with when the march begins with one woman tweeting another with a 'Why don't we march' after Trump won the election.
No we aren't discussing them both. Vegas was a one time mass shooting. Chicago has been a war zone go on now for eight to nine years. Where's the outrage over that length of time. Vegas was country fans, can we assume mostly white. Chicago shootings is black on black. Where's the liberal racial component? And the protest by the NFL players isn't about black on black killings, it's about white police and black suspect, not black on black shootings, because that doesn't fit the template. If Chicago is no worse the Vegas, then why hasn't there been any effort to control guns in Chicago? 59 killed in Vegas, a big deal, 39 killed in Chicago, over a weekend, not so much.
Dr Coleman was the closest thing to a mentor I had as an UO student back in the 1970's. Being one of the few black students on campus, I found him to be a real comfort. Rest in peace Doc.
The point is not about who is more racist. The point is whose racism affects people more. A black person living in a ghetto could be racist, but that doesn't affect a lot of people. But a white manager hiring hundreds of people can hurt many people through racism.  Therefore, European discrimination has had a far stronger effect on world history, than Asian or African racism. If you look at anti-semitism, Europe has had it for two thousand years, culminating in you-know-what in the 1940s. Whereas the Jews were far better treated in the Middle East or India.
I thoroughly agree with the writer that it's unfortunate, as LGBT rights advance in Canada, that a backlash appears to be developing in other parts of the world.  Many of the places where a violent backlash has occurred are in Africa... Nigeria, Uganda to name just a few.    Given that Black Lives Matters has recently taken such an interest towards the LGBT community here in Canada, perhaps we could call upon the leaders of Black Lives Matters to speak up about some of these injustices?  However, the question remains whether the Pride Committee of Toronto has the guts to stand up to their masters and challenge them on this issue.
""Both Perry and Abecedarian were small hothouse programs (less than 100 participants) run by very experienced, committed teams, whereas widely deployed present day preschool programs are, well, widely deployed. The circumstances of the very poor families of the Black children who were served by these model programs 30 to 40 years ago are very different from those faced by the families that are presently served by publicly funded preschool programs. For example, nearly half of the four-year-olds in Head Start today are Hispanics, whereas there were no Hispanic children in Abecedarian or Perry. And 40 years ago other government supports for low-income families were at much lower levels and pre-K was not widely available for anyone, much less the poor.  Thus, even without the recent findings from Head Start there would be reason to be skeptical that today’s typical state preschool programs for four-year-olds are producing the large benefits that accrued in Perry and Abecedarian.
Oh I don't know. There've been some incidences in Anchorage where I thought the police were wrong in their treatment of racial minorities, including a Black woman, and there aren't even very many Black people in Anchorage.
It's exactly as simple as I laid it out above. The usual suspects crawl all over the comment section of articles which detail crimes committed by black or brown Americans from the Metro area, tossing out all sorts of side issues, but the same isn't true on articles about white people who commit crimes in the Metro area. Because white people are seen as individuals and black and brown people are seen as a monolith.  This isn't hard to grasp and it's plain as day to anybody who looks objectively and who doesn't have a vested interest in perpetuating the unfair status quo.   Perhaps this isn't clear to you since frankly you are one of the usual suspects I'm referring to.
Re: "the CIA has completely disavowed these claims."  Source, please.  Re: "The whole thing has been debunked."  Source, please.  Re: "Has it ever occurred to you folks that the reason Trump got elected was our American friends (my trophy wife included) were just plain p.o.'d?"  Your side keeps saying that, but from a rational, objective POV, there's no reason to be "p.o.'d", unless you want to make it okay to call blacks the N-word again and prohibit them from voting (as Republicants always do), and to deny LGBTQ citizens their promised equal protections of the law, and to prevent members of one religion from entering the country, and ... well, the list has been gone over umpteen times and facts don't seem to influence you.  Obama lowered the unemployment rate from 10.3% to 4.6%. He has a 76 consecutive months streak of jobs growth, - a record unmatched by any President in history. Osama bin Laden is dead, and GM is alive.   Clinton's 2.8 million more votes invalidates T-rump's 'win'.
Yes! Thank you! They don't like ambiguity or complexity, and conservative Christianity has all the answers in black and white and takes away thinking.
"A new breed of Republicans has taken over the GOP. It is a new breed which is seeking to sell to Americans a doctrine which is as old as mankind - the doctrine of racial division, the doctrine of racial prejudice, the doctrine of white supremacy". Jackie Robinson What I see today, the prejudice I see of the Muslim, The Need to say "Black Lives Matter", and think, how long ago did Jackie Robinson say this and it is true today.  What I read today, the need to rename a building, the letters to the editor, and all this happening now. Jackie was right.
The wild generalizations about the "left" here are revealing and rather ridiculous. So, in the minds of the conservatives posting here a small bunch of black-clad guys smashing stuff stands in for all 65,000,000 who didn't vote for Trump? That's what they seem to imply.  How absurd and intellectually dishonest is that?  The right to peaceful protest is part of democracy and is not negated by the actions of a small group of anarchists.
Really good point: Asia also had colonialism but many countries there moved on and became wealthy and successful. In fact, most of Asia was far poorer than Africa back in the 1950s. It is hard for white hand wringers and black lives matter folks to admit, but Africa's current fate is of its own making. But its salvation is also of its own making, if it chooses to do so.
I noticed that the good ol' white Chev did not get tased, arrested, or even questioned. What are chances that if the Chev had been black, it may have ended differently?
where's  the  leftist/black  outrage  over  this  hate  crime  committed  by a  black  and  a  muslim  immigrant? Ignored  as  usual.  FBI opens civil rights investigation into deadly Tennessee church shooting  353 Comment   Share   Tweet   Stumble   Email Last Updated Sep 25, 2017 12:01 AM EDT  NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- The FBI has opened a civil rights investigation into the church shooting that left one woman killed and several others injured in Tennessee, the agency said in a statement Sunday.  "The Memphis FBI Field Office's Nashville Resident Agency, the Civil Rights Division, and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee have opened a civil rights investigation into the shooting at the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Antioch, Tennessee," the statement said.  All  victims  were  white  I  presume.
So, what is the connection between rates of incarceration of black men in the United States and this story about Meechaiel Criner?
In the unionized steel mills my family worked in back east, white privilege took the form of occupational placement.   Black dudes worked disproportionately in shops with the worst conditions, lowest pay and least potential for move-ups. The coke ovens especially, where many guys developed respiratory ailments,--including a form of black lung--were a place where black workers typically broke in. I saw the coke ovens close up as a young electrician's apprentice, and they would have been a terrible place to work. After awhile, personnel wouldn't place smokers there because so many coke plant workers developed  serious occupational respiratory illnesses. Yet the workforce remained largely black men.  The men in my family worked in tin finishing and in toolmaking shops or other skilled trades. Wages were higher, move-ups more plentiful, layoffs less common, conditions less dangerous and unhealthful. My father worked  37 years in a skilled trade in a shop that was nearly all white.
The carnage being wreaked in this country by a "minority of a minority" (young Black males between the ages of 10 and 40) continues to escalate, while the national media carefully obfuscates. However, thanks to the iPhone and the Internet, anyone who cares to seek out the truth can (with the help of reasonable critical thinking skills) find the truth -- the casualty count of which far exceeds those we took on 9/11/01. Here's the Presidential pronouncement (July 2013) legitimizing violence in the name of "a very violent history in this country":  http://www.postmarks.com/obama/not_their_fault.htm  And here's a brief snapshot of the real-world mayhem and misery our President believes to be "understandable":  http://www.postmarks.com/obama/domestic_violence.htm  If Mr. Jaquiss wants to do an expose on the real-world consequences of "politically correct journalism", this would be an ideal place to start.
Tragic. Another black family denied justice for the actions of an incompentent and/or corrupt police officer.
It's funny...  How quickly people like you play the race card (or accusations of) any time it suits you. Are you saying that RadirD was saying that it's possible that Hancock picked White because they are both black?  Even if it's true that Hancock DID pick White because of race, where's the racism? Do you even know the meaning of the word? Of course, now there are people (just like you) who will scream "racism" at MY post.  Or maybe you'll accuse the union of racism while you're at it? LOL  Get over yourselves!
""just mirroring what the Re-Bumpkins did for 8 years while someone black was governing." Someone black? You must be racist. Well, good for them. Apparently you are not familiar with their "when they go low we go high" creed? It goes hand in hand with their "nah nah nah, nah" chorus across the House floor. If you want to hitch your wagon to those adolescents be my guest.
"Black-clad antifa thugs — they don’t deserve to be called protesters — descended on Berkeley, Calif., last weekend with the intent of committing violence and silencing free speech. In doing this, they aligned themselves with neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other extremists on the far right who also embrace hatred and savagery."  For once I agree with RG  "they don’t deserve to be called protesters"   Antifa should be called what it is, which is just more of the party of democrats and it's members.
Perhaps I am relying on personal experience too much.  As a young Duck U student, I was "Clean for Gene" McCarthy.  After the Democratic Convention, in my view, stole the nomination and gave it to a party hack, Hubert Humphry, I and many others of my age and inclinations gave the election the one-finger salute and stayed home.   I did not vote for Richard Nixon.  I stayed home.  Richard Nixon was elected.  I can see a similar scenario this election.  The young Democrats are for Bernie.  The old men and old women and Blacks of all ages are for Hillary.  Those are the demographics for her today. If the Bernie voters stay home, the election is more likely to be decided by the Republicans and the Independents who do vote.  The Republican Trump voters are angry enough to show up.  The independents may stay home, they may vote for Hillary, they may vote for the Republican, Trump or not.  They will decide the election, however, in my opinion.
Notice how they shift the narrative. Conservatives are suddenly rebranded 'Neo Nazis' and 'White Supremacists'. Antifa, which has been causing trouble for years all by itself, is suddenly rebranded as 'Counter-protesters' and 'Nazi resisters'. Anyone who doesn't go along with being 'avenged' on by a black garbed, masked, armed and shielded Antifa is suddenly rebranded a 'Trump supporter'. Nice try, W.E., we know who the real Nazis are.
Dennism, do not feel guilt about your words of criticism.  It is right & just to critique anyone who teaches that people should discriminate & oppress any group of people.  Our Pope's stand on this issue is immoral just as if he had said that it is ok to keep black men from priesthood because of their skin color, as Jesus was a Jew, a white man.  Our church also allowed black slave ownership.    The pope himself admitted that popes are not perfect & that he considers himself a sinner.  He is correct.  So are we all sinners.    I would critique your comment because there is just no feminine equality avenue.  We are equally man - men and women, per God, in Genesis & Jesus does not state that men and women are different creations but one creation & not a creation anymore or less complimentary than black men & white men.  Ordination has nothing to do with gender by the sacrament's obligations.  God could have made us physically incapable-He didn't.    I love Pope Francis but this is error.
Precedent Dotard's attacks on black athletes who choose to kneel instead of stand during the national anthem in protest of racial inequality and police brutality inadvertently prompted more awareness to the cause as more people began taking a knee.   Like, Meghan Linsey, a country singer who took a knee in protest at the Titans-Seahawks game earlier this week after performing the Star-Spangled Banner.   It was a bold move for a country singer to show solidarity with African-Americans who have endured injustices.  Since she took a knee, death threats poured in but she says she has no regrets, even though she received hate mail from ‘people' telling her she was anti-military and they hoped she would get cancer.  Yep.  Trump supporters showing their 'true colors'.  Supremacist terrorists are all they are.
Every politician would throw everybody under the bus to stay in office. Gay, straight, trans, black, white, purple - they don't really care about anyone as long as they get to stay at that trough. No term limits, special retirements, special health insurance the list goes on and on. Do you really think they care about YOU?
There are 18.5 white cops killed by blacks for every black killed by a white cop. Yet that statistic seems to matter little to members of BLM.
Author, contrary to Nyaniso and Nhlanhla Dlamini, I do not believe you brave nor insightful, but stereotypical and an indulgent navel-gazer.  As you say, you are fair of skin, long of hair and short of memory: I have none of  these - you do not speak for me. Factually: 1. A very myopic piece in complete ignorance of the privations and contributions of Indians during apartheid - where is the insight? 2. Black-on-black racism was encouraged during apartheid.  Read about the 1949 Race Riots. You have offered no insight into the division either 3. My "superior education" came from teachers who couldn't afford to become doctors/ were kicked out university. 4. I am a Gen-X. I participated in the boycotts against the Tricameral Parliament (where were you??). I have employed white and Black-African people in the business I run without the benefit of affirmative action or BEE. We use the same loos, the same crockery and eat the same food. Why, oh why, would you set us so far back???
no matter why this murder occurred it is a tragedy. It is hard to believe that these women were not attacked because they are 'different'. Attacks like this are done by ignorant people usually young and uneducated who actually fear their victim (the victims background). Racism is alive and well in the  USA and  Canada. Anyone that is 'different': Black, Asian Sikh, Muslim, brown skin, Latino, Natives, Jews etc etc are often subjected to it. Fortunately it is usually verbal or written and not physical. The death of this innocent young Muslim American is an atrocity.
You look for offense where none was intended.  If someone says proud to be white, to me that sounds racist.  If someone says proud to be Italian, that's celebrating a particular culture, which there is nothing wrong with.  Proud to be white sounds like proud to not be a person of color.  Proud to be Italian invokes an image of a unique culture, not a skin color.  That's the way it hits me.  But maybe you think someone white shouldn't be allowed to celebrate living.  Whites should get up and apologize to the whole world for existing.  Let's try to get along instead of being divisive.
Thank you Ward: that was a wonderful Ali interview! What a great guy, brilliant and funny. What he said, of course, absolutely is true, in its day. Black men walking around with white women were in grave danger in much of this country (still are, in places in the S and W…).  With the destruction of the black race (drugs and incarceration) and identity that took place in the 20th century, a "black is beautiful" message was a wonderful one to focus on. Black Muslims were law-abiding, brooking no criminals in their church. No drinking. You may wish to note that, until very recently, Catholic priests STRONGLY urged catholic boys NOT to propose to non-Catholic girls. Aren't you outraged? Same with Jews: intermarriage is frowned upon, though, unlike Catholics, a woman really can't become a Jew in traditional sense.
I was still listening to EWTN radio at the time "The Shack" was published. They had a fit! How dare someone suggest God was anything other than a male! And on top of that, a Black woman! The heresy, the outrage, the disrespect, the world must be ending! I'm exaggerating but not by much. Some of the hosts of various shows on EWTN also told listeners not to purchase or read the book.
At this point the nfl, the commissioner, goodell, and every owner and coach have shown that they would rather allow their football players to disrespect our Flag, our National Anthem, our Country and every man and woman that has ever served or is serving and specifically those who gave their lives defending our freedoms and anger a very large percent of their fans yhan upset the black football players. . Any owner or coach could have stopped his team for their disrespectful actions a long time ago. No one has the right to protest anything while in the work place especially if their actions has and adverse effect on their customer base. Sorry, no more a pro football fan! This is from a 63 year run as a colts fan! Screw the colts and every nfl team!!
Recent polls released after President Trump's Charlottesville remarks found Trump's job approval at 40% support, down only slightly from the 44% he had when elected. Mr. Trump is now viewed favourably by 45% of the populace, up from the 42% he had when he was elected. More than twice as many Americans think Confederate monuments are about Southern pride as think they’re about racism, according to a survey by the Economist and YouGov this week.  48% disapproved of removing Lee’s statue from the Charlottesville park compared with 30% who approved. Only 47% of black Americans think the monuments represent racism, according to the Economist/YouGov survey.
They are extremists to the left as well, which is why President Obama authorized using drones to kill them. Are Tom McVeigh and Dylan Roof your freedom fighters?  The extremists who took over the NRA were a bunch of racists who were so fearful of black people moving into their communities and neighborhoods after the Civil Rights Act was passed that they needed to arm themselves to the teeth. The NRA is still a racist organization as they didn't protest about that black driver who had a concealed carry permit being shot to death by the police. If it was a white driver, they would blow their top.
Ah, that sounds familiar. Keeping the black sons indoors out of fear...of bad elements AND the police. What a way to live.
Let's see... there was no kneeling for the Charger game.....no kneeling for the Cowboys game...only Marshall and Ward knelt all of last year....and then Trump opens his mouth and then 32 BRONCOS KNEEL. Seems to me the protest is about Trump...not soldiers...cops...flags...the black community...or anything else. The logical assumption is that they are protesting divisive words from the commander in chief. The Little Guy
The Elites owning slaves made life miserable for the general population, just like illegal immigration does today. How does a free man compete with a slave? The 'Cracker' as they were called often lived with less than black slaves did and many parts of the south white are in the same economic situation as blacks.
I understand your generation a bit, my father is just a couple years younger than you are. However, there are a few things I don't think you understand: 1. Our president has said and behaved in racist manners his whole life, including having policies to deny black people apartments in his buildings. He's been sued numerous times for it.  2. Many people who know him personally, from both parties, have said he's been racist as long as they've known him. He has even confided to close friends about it. But of course that's heresay, so it's up to you to choose to believe it or not. 3. Things are not the same now as when you grew up. What was considered normal or acceptable behavior in treating others even in the 70s is today not acceptable. My own father has struggled to understand some of this. If you're interested in seeing what I mean by this, I'd suggest watching Jane Elliot's experiment on blue eyes vs brown eyes (it's a documentary). You can find it easily online for free to watch.
I remember earlier tis year, when Baltimore tried t recruit black applicants for the police force. One problem; they couldn't find enough people, who didn't have felony convictions. Image; one thug in a police uniform trying to control another thug in civilian clothes.
Obama is to blame for all the hate shown towards police.   In Furguson he sent in the feds to investigate before even allowing the police involved to finish their case.   Rather than call for calm he sided with the protesters , looters , and those destroying property .  In the D.C. case with the black professor he told the nation " police acted stupidly " before even knowing the facts which clearly showed they did their jobs.  His statement was a slap down to all police across America.  He has repeatedly invited professional race baiter Al Sharpton to the White House---over 30 times.   He supports Black Lives Matters , the same group that has chanted they want pigs in a blanket and wanting police dead now. They promote the lie of " hands up don't shoot " knowing it was never said. With Obama having their backs and constantly siding with people of color and thugs over the police , it's little wonder we have the problems we do today.  Obama has succesfuly divided us based on color .
"How can anybody defend hate groups?"   Sooo...obviously then, you were adamant about Not defending the Liberal Hate Groups That we have seen Riot, main, injure and kill? Or "Black Lives Matters" Hate group ?- "whose very existence is about hatred and bigotry." (and they) "openly espouse Black supremacy and advocate violence and racism".   One Man's "Terrorist" is another Man's "Freedom Fighter"etc...ad infinitum.   It's all in One's point of view.
"Go to *anywhere* in Asia, or the Middle East and ask what they think of 'Black people'. They will tell you calmly, openly that Blacks are a 'lower form' of existence in one way or another."  You don't have to go all the way to Asia or the Middle East... many people right here in Canada think that way about black people. We're just too politically correct to say so in public.
I can imagine all that you stated and see it while driving into any US city.  We have homeless citizens and illegals and I have given money and food and other to both. You mentioned rights well no they don't have the same rights as citizens but with pro illegal alien states and/or cities they are able to operate as though they DO have the rights of citizens.  I live in a border town in an illegal sanctuary state that has been overrun by illegals from Mexico and now other countries, as well.  This state has lost its focus so no more much that the needs of citizens a re no longer even in the equation. It is this that is not fair, sir. Now, imagine being one of my Black friends and having your neighborhoods that were once majority black and jobs that were majority black filled and resources that once were able to you now inaccessible and absorbed by illegals and those they've given birth to ON the backs of blacks' ancestirs' 14th amendment. Blacks have been displaced using their own14th!
The statistics on this board are quite something.  About 95 percent are on the side of the man in question, and only about 5 percent are on the side of folks at Black Lives Matter and the Women's Studies Department and the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education.   It is very rare that the voting trends are so lopsided on any issues.  95 to 5, wow!  Take note, complaining faculty on campus - you have very little support in these boards. Ever wonder why?
Yep you asked! Here is my answer.  To me-ACORN/Soros was the Bad Seed for many many years as they made the news repeatedly re illegal voter registrations. That is when the name Soros became headline news. Since then-Soros has made the news in many other ways, BLM among them.  --- ACORN Timeline https://ballotpedia.org/ACORN_and_voter_registration_fraud#Recent_news --- BLM/Civil Rights Hacked Documents: Soros Funded Black Lives Matter Black Dallas Cop Sues Black Lives Matter, Soros for Inciting Race War George Soros funds Ferguson protests, hopes to spur civil action --- Think the list of Soros will get longer after this investigation?! I certainly think so!
Slavery was "what the Civil War was about"?  If that's the case, it would have happened decades earlier.  Slavery didn't suddenly appear in the 1860s.   "Freedom" for northern blacks was a comparative situation--compared to what blacks endured in the south, pretty darn good. Except...well, life was good, they were tolerated, as long as they "knew their place."  I.E.: don't dare try to court my white daughter.  Don't dare try to start a newspaper or many other types of businesses.  Don't dare try to become a teacher or doctor or...  In New York City, thousands didn't care about slavery--what they cared about was NOT going to war about it--or anything else. Staged riots to avoid "the draft."  Slavery became a northern "rallying cry" as the war progressed.  It was heart-felt, but make no mistake, the war waged because the north wanted to preserve the union; the south wanted to secede --become its own country. Even the northern rank and file called southern troops "secesh."
White, black, I'm not clear what group I'm in - what % of black or white blood do I need to have to be considered to be part of that group?  Or is it a particular shade of skin?  I don't have the foggiest idea what you're talking about until we define precisely which group each one of us fits into.  I'll stand by for your answer, thanks.
A Nazi would be more inclined, ideologically, to vote for Bernie.  Would a KKK member or a neo-Nazi vote for a black man who ran on the same issues as Trump did over an extreme progressive like Hillary?  Probably not.  Some would, depending on what is motivating them, most would just not vote or would write in a name like David Duke.  But let's be clear, all of them are "clowns."  And very few of them are members of the Republican Party even though they fled the Democratic Party.
The RG had the video from Mr. Castiles girlfriend on the homepage for the entire day. Fact: More white males are killed by cops than blacks and it never gets the same attention in the media as when a black person is killed. Bad cops don't care about the color of your skin, they are just waiting for you to say something or do something  so they can take action against you.
Where are LGBT floats at Caribana?  Where are the LGBT booths at Khalsa Day?   Where were the LGBT celebrations at Eid?   Why doesn't BLM protest black on black violence?   If you have an issues with the police directed it at the police force and not Pride, which is about the most inclusive event in the city!!!!!.
So AFN supports Clinton who (should be) wearing an orange jump suit . A person who secretly sent Stinger missiles to our enemies in the middle East and abandoned the men & women in Benghazi ! Were not electing a Saint ! We're electing a person who can improve the economy and the jobs situation and one who will not push us into a war with Putin !    Does AFN know about Clinton WH Chef (Tracey Martin) and his report of Hillary calling a black man the "N" word when Tracey was a chef for the Clinton's years ago in the White House ? That's right ! Tracey Martin reported that Hillary angrily called a black man the N word when she didn't get what she asked for. His accusation is just as credible as every woman attacking Trump but Mr. Martin gets no coverage? At least for now but this story will come out very very soon. And Hillary calling Robert Byrd her friend and mentor after his death. Robert Byrd was the KKK leader folks. I wonder what Clinton really thinks about Alaskan Natives ???  Hmm
BLM marches through our streets demanding dead cops.  Totally unacceptable.  BLM has started riots, murdered police officers, burned property.   BLM is a hate group.  Justifying them because a couple cops have done bad things is like justifying the klan because a few black people have murdered white people.
we need everyday street people in congress, preferably ones who would rather not be there.  Rock is as good as any........anyone with NO POLITICAL experience is what we sorrily need. May mitch and paul and the black jesus enjoy an eternity of fire.
Poor little Johnny.  Broom Hildary and Bubba Bill are never going to be President and a Shadow President despite the mainstream media libeling Trump and covering for the Clinton's  multiple felonies. On January 20th, 2017  Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States.  President Obama will resume his community organizing domestically as a race hustler to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even paranoid of white people in order to keep them on the Democrat voting block as a dependency class.  And he will go on the speaking circuit internationally badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming.  And he will get filthy rich doing all this. And last but not least, FOXnews and O'Reilly will be rate number one.
kind of like NBA and NFL owners with blacks.
For the Gay community and the Black community, both whom have been successfully pressing for broad inclusion to exclude the police whom the vast majority of people strongly support, is more than ironic.  It's just plain wrong.  Count me out his year.
Switch the word transgender with any other demographic and read it out loud. Many people in my family are intensely uncomfortable around black people should their irrational fear prevent POC from using public facilities? You should get to know a few trans people and you will see they are exactly like everyone else, no better or worse.
I think I'll listen to the Trump daughter married  to  the Orthodox Jew who converted to Judaism  rather than black bigotry and anti-Semitism here at the R-G.
And "people of colour" have their own racisms - often against  themselves. It is well known that in many black societies people spend small fortunes on creams that will lighten their skins. What else is this if not internalized racism against their own blackness? In Africa there are plenty of people whose attitudes towards whites is racist too.  And everyone knows that teh Chinese consider themselves superior to the other races. Just because one is on the receiving end in N America doesn't mean that one is not guilty of the same prejudices - against oneself and in reverse.   Why should blacks be immune to racist attitudes themselves? Are they not human?   If you prick them, do they not bleed?
I am sure the NFL cares.  I stopped watching a few years ago when a game took 4 hours to complete.  This is a sixty minute game not a 240 minute game.  TV is destroying itself with so much advertising.    As for honoring the flag, the players are honoring the flag by opposing cops killing young black men.  When cops kill young black men they are not honoring the flag nor the country.
The 'Sunday" comment has to do with the 'white' churches and the 'black' churches.    Baptists in particular seem to separate themselves like that.  Of course, anyone who has ever been on active military duty notices that voluntary recreational segregation happens in all the clubs; particularly  in the EM and the NCO clubs when there is music.   RAP and Country Western just don't seem to mix!     The New Yoricans tend to self-segregate there as well.    The O-Clubs don't seem to do that.   Or the Senior NCO Clubs.
George W. Bush Brought 911 to America Obama divided our people and destroy America.Our country a black and white issue.. America s near a end.  (wherethenewsis com)
"A senior fellow ... made a ... hurtful racial comment to a black student last week ... There is much to discuss here." Indeed there is, though you do not do so very fully, and you wander. First, although the comment was spoken *to* the student, it was directed *at* Mr Segal, who cannot have enjoyed being needled and likened to a plantation-owner. Second, it was an allusion to a debate that had long been going on at Massey about the "correctness" of the title "Master" in a new age when the offense is too often in the ear of the hearer. Third, whether one likes the quip or not, it was intended as a joke to be shared among friends who knew what it referred to. Intent counts; so does context. Fourth, Mr Segal caved abjectly and prematurely to the Press, while Dr Marrus was tried both by it and by the anonymous "Committee of 200." No dialogue took place, no chance was given to Dr Marrus, whose life's work shows he is no racist, to exonerate himself. Did he go too far in needling Mr Segal?
It sounded that way to me.    But again, I deeply resent your lumping all liberal people into the same trash can you supply.    I'm glad to condemn the black masked protestors who neither showed their face or obeyed civil or ethical law and I'm a liberal lean.  I might be condemning of the Free Speech group, if I had any idea of what they said.      Those who say 'words' can't be dangerous, or helpful, are ignoring the fact that they are writing on this site because they know it has some influence on others.   Words have started wars, it's childish to pass them off with a 'stick and stones'  chant.      Liberal BS is saying that all speech is of equal value, it isn't.    I can make that decision for myself though, I don't need the state to make that choice for me.
I read a truly interesting one the other day. . The reason poor whites don't want "Obamacare" (even though many use it) was that they want the old healthcare they had - the healthcare that came with a job. . The USA is unique among western countries in many ways, and one is that the population is conditioned to believe that taking anything from the government, means you are one of "those people" - blacks, the down trodden, etc. Taking government healthcare, means you are now one of them. . It is another example of what John Steinbeck once said : . "Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires."
I find it "interesting" to see Richmond Bishop Francis DiLorenzo call out racism.  He has done nothing to work for racial harmony in his diocese, nor to call out a racist priest in the diocese. The Bishop partially attended a Spanish Mass for the Hispanic community in the Cathedral a few years ago.  He made no attempts to speak in Spanish dring the Mass and has done nothing to help the Latino community grow, much less the black Catholic commuity. He had a priest  of one his largest parishes in Henrico County state from the pulpit that blacks needed to go back to where they came from as a response the the arttacks in Dallas where the congregation applauded him  during his homily. I am sure the blessed Mother for whom the parish is named was beside herself. That same parish has a large Hispanic presence where pastor will not allow a Spanish Mass. So I am sure there are many other Richmonders who are finding the Bishops comments "interesting".
Overall, Hispanics vote 75 Democrat, and 1st and 2nd generations vote 85 to 90 percent. Asians vote Democrat by more than 80 percent, and blacks vote 90-95 percent Democrat. California is a minority white (non-Hispanic) state. Sadly, California has become and will remain a blue state.
Completely one-sided and not intellectually honest.  One side was racist and should be condemned for it.  But a portion of the counter protesters were anarchists there to violently resist.  Violent resistance to political speech is not acceptable and should also be condemned.  Many of the counter protesters were just protesting, but many were there dressed in black, with masks and weapons.  They were a part of the violence and ignoring them just makes the Alt-right stronger.
The posts are laughable from some folks who somehow (?) support having public schoolteachers feeding twelve-year-olds with the "white privilege" indoctrination.  One of those posts, you can find above, was from a white guy who stepped forward to proclaim emphatically that OF COURSE he is the benefactor of "white privilege", emphasizing he has privilege coming from "being born into a middle-class family that spoke English well and that ensured that (he) got a good education."  Um, hello?  There are millions of families in Canada and the USA who are NOT WHITE who can say ALL of those things: Black families and families with ancestries from Japan, India and China, for example.  But see, there's the rub: Where is the Ontario teacher busily indoctrinating kids with the message that blacks in the West are privileged, or that Chinese-ancestry folks in the West are privileged?  Answer: There ARE no such teachers.   Only whitey gets singled out for the smear job.
Mistake #1 with this article..... The protests have absolutely nothing to do with the flag or the anthem. People have allowed Trump and other conservatives to completely twist the narrative. This had always been about police and their biased violent nature towards minorities. If people can't understand or accept that than they're part of the problem too. If all these so called patriots love what this country stands for, they wouldn't be this angered about a league made up of 70% black athletes, silently protesting unjustice in America. Which in fact is their right. Minorities just can't get a break when it comes to protesting and voicing opinions. Meanwhile,  neo Nazis are fine people. It's ridiculous.
That's great, except the OP didn't make that argument. He said black people murder more than whites. Not true.
Well, there isn't anything now or on the horizon that would tell us things will be better than what it looks like today.  In fact, as this is all being sorted out, it does look worse than a first glimpse had us believe.  As pro-Trump supporters and voters will come to see, as their parents and their own social security is threatened and payments lessened, as access to health care is restricted and costs increase further, as the 1% get richer and morph into the top .5%, as racial discrimination and open backlash against persons who are LGBTQ or Muslim citizens or aged or black or Asian increases and is splashed across our evening news reports and social media, and as Washington become the retirement community for every conservative elected official in a second career of senator or congresspersons, then, maybe, they will begin - just begin - to wonder if somehow they may have made a mistake.....but never admit it.
Translation: you don't want to hear the legitimate grievances of black men in this country. You won't even bother to ask why this is occuring. You just want them  to shut up, be compliant, and entertain you without making you feel uncomfortable.
They did ?How many hate crimes , violence , looting , and destruction of property did the KKK commit ? How much violence , looting , and destruction of property did blacks commit on Obama's watch ? Blacks acting like lynch mobs demanded police be hung for doing their jobs. When the facts came out they were in most cases wrong , it didn't matter. They still thought it was their God given right to loot and destroy property . What other group in America loots and destroys property if the justice system doesn't move fast enough ? When O J was set free you didn't see groups of white looting and destroying property.   Obama could have called for call in many cases and instead fanned the flames of racism .The difference with reasonable people like me is that we think the KKK is wrong and should be condemned .We want the church killer hung . You on the other hand think it's just fine Black Lives Matters chants they want dead cops now , and it's ok if roving groups loot and destroy property .
The Basic Law of Palestine, equivalent to their constitution, was created in 2003. It treats all citizens of Palestine as equals, including Jewish Palestinians. If the Palestinian government wishes to pass laws concerning what rights foreign citizens have in Palestine, including Jewish Israelis, they are perfectly within their rights to do so. Every country does that, it's not apartheid.  I trust you're not being disingenuous. Israel isn't an apartheid state within in its own borders. There it's 'just' discriminatory. Israel is an apartheid state due to its actions within Palestinian territory. There, Jews are a minority. Yet they're a minority that's backed by the full might of the Israeli government which oppresses the Palestinian majority that lives there. The parallel to apartheid South Africa is obvious. SA gave a level of autonomy to certain  black territories as well. But the instant the apartheid government didn't like what was happening, it would intervene militarily.
I have posted extensively regarding Ms shurtz's infamous "black face" incident.  My position: a) she had no intend to offend, but b) used remarkably bad judgment.  Then c) she issued what I felt was a sincere apology.  IMO, President Schill's condemnation of Ms. Shurtz was inappropriate.  I used the terms understanding, forgiveness and compassion regarding the issue.    I feel, if indeed, those on the "receiving end" of a message are going to see "sucks" as a reference to fellatio, then speakers shouldn't use it.  Reading the posts on this issue, it seems a lot of folks see it as such.  Therefore, my Prius doesn't "suck" in those traffic light drag races, it simply doesn't perform very successfully.    I'd enjoy discussing the Shurtz fiasco anytime.  I find the incident and, especially, the reactions to her portrayal. Give me a call should you be interested.  regards, Gary Crum
skyofblue,     I recently read  American founding fathers like Jefferson and Washington deliberately left out blacks as participants in the revolution. They were considered unworthy of freedom and democracy. That idea in various forms persists today. Some democracy!    Although it's entirely possible there was a significant number of Canadians opposed to the forceable relocation of First Nations kids to residential schools, nobody far as I know has made that claim. Did some Canadians think separating kids from their parents and beating the Indian out of them was doing them good? Maybe some.   Same with the genocide of American Indians. Do you know of anybody in history who started an organization to save the Indians from extermination?
The court said the baker “does not convey a message supporting same-sex marriages merely by abiding by the law.” The baker's lawyers are not arguing that he discriminated, they are asking for him to legally be allowed to discriminate.  Then people will be able to refuse to serve black people and chalk it up to religious beliefs.  Choosing to serve heterosexulas and not homosexuals is literally discrimination, the dictionary definition.
As a "repubbie" -( though I prefer conservative) who is neither angry or old I take exception to this remark - the real problem with our country is that so many like to see each person relegated to an easy BOX - republicans are ALL THIS, democrats are ALL THIS , Black, whites, rich, poor, Etc. there is not ALL. people are different in many ways from the neat little boxes. Media encourage separatism and differentiation. that being said; in the choice between a cocky multi millionaire who is present and available and a known liar with no positive track record who has not attended a spontaneous press conference in close to a YEAR.- this conservative white person is definitely voting TRUMP PENCE
NO DEATH PENALTY!!!!!! HE WANTS OUT OF JAIL!!! DENY THAT POS ANYTHING HE WANTS!!! MAKE HIM WAKE UP EVERY DAY UNTIL HE IS 90 AND DIES IN JAIL!!! SOLITARY CONFINEMENT!!! BREAD AND WATER ONLY!!!! A BIBLE THAT TELLS HIM JESUS WAS A BLACK OR DARK SKINNED MAN!!!  Flag  Delete  Edit (6m 24s)
The baker making cakes for heterosexual weddings and refusing to make cakes for gay weddings is literally discrimination. That is not up for debate, no matter how much you protest.  That fits the literal definition of discrimination. That particular variety of discrimination is illegal in Colorado.  I am tired of repeating facts to you. Your opinion about events is not relevant, ask any lawyer.  What if the baker said he was  ot going to bake a cake for a wedding that was for two black people, but he would make a cake for a wedding that was for two white people? Would you say that he is discriminating against the event, not the people?  You beleive the baker had the right to discriminate, period. That is what you are arguing.
1) Take a black maker and black out every legal code with the word "marihuana" in it. 2) Expunge all criminal records, 3) Release people in prison. 4) Compensate people the government has harmed. 5) Apologize to the Canadian people. 6) Go through the criminal code and black out all the other victim-less crimes. War on free speech, War on Sex, Wars on Sin, War on Drugs, War on Men, War on freedoms. 7) Rinse and repeat. 8) Bring back the Charter of Rights, so no other BureauRAT can abuse Canadians with morality laws.
Your wrong, the researchers never said the applicants were proportional to the real world.  If you want more data, and you don't, look up the article.     If you don't like the message it's your choice, but give a sign that you understand what the writer put right in front of you.  You should be happy, Kristoff says bigotry in mostly unconscious, NOT an act of racism.   Anybody who has watched a liberal fawn over the only black person in the room, also understands that bias in not always overtly hostile.   EX.  As a sport fan, most of us know the team that has 'more athlete's' mean the anouncer is talking about more black players.    This really isn't a difficult topic.  We ALL have unexamined bias in our own life.  Why are you so defensive?
As a strong believer in religious freedom, I'm rooting for the baker.   That does not mean we have to overthrow all civil rights laws--but that we can make exceptions for religious beliefs. Religious freedom is found in the Constitution and thus cannot be ignored, and the SC's ruling in Hobby Lobby and other cases shows it recognizes the importance of religious freedom. The defense of the country is considered a primary function of the state, yet the law allows conscientious objectors to avoid being drafted. So too, we can have a few conscientious objectors to the same-sex marriage laws without returning to blacks-only lunch counters.  The argument against religious freedom is always that it will lead to anarchy--but so far it hasn't. Most people have adjusted to same-sex couples. If a few don't, the country won't come to an end.
Motley, I would never have guessed that you support socialism. The lawyer is just a capitalist. Or do you resent the money going to a black family? Or do you disagree with the Constitution? What do you resent the most? You clearly are resentful about something.
My impoverished mother scraped to send my brother and I to Catholic schools whenever we lived near one. They were rigid, & not much room for reflection or self-expression; But the academic, ruler and yardstick discipline - and no girls - did help me learn to focus academically.   However, I've no empathy for this decision - and I might feel differently if the sexual misbehavior of so many priests hadn't put the Church in the position of the child-molesting pot calling the homosexual-lesbian kettle black. The Juneau Chapel is a locals & tourists quiet spot of beauty and tranquility. If they don't want Alaskans or visitors of other faiths or of non-heterosexual preferences to use the Catholic Chapel itself for ceremonies - I can understand that - to a degree..  But the grounds could certainly accommodate a roofed/open deck for others to engage in positive spiritual sharing on occasion. The Bishop's stance would be quietly clear, yet the Shrine still be spiritually welcoming place to all.
The truth is I truly believe that you do not see racism in this, that you truly feel you are not a racist, that you believe that just because he is black and got death threats while no white person on the team or the staff got any threats is just a coincidence. I believe you believe this to be true, but that does not make it or you right, you are what you are and not what you think you are, maybe reread your comments from the last week and see if you can find a trend?
With any luck, we'll unravel Fields' motives faster than it took the Obama administration to discern the motives of a Muslim shouting "Allahu Akbar!" while gunning down soldiers at Fort Hood. (Six years.)   But so far, all we know is that Fields said he was "upset about black people" and wanted to kill as many as possible. On his Facebook page, he displayed a "White Power" poster and "liked" three organizations deemed "white separatist hate groups" by the Southern Poverty Law Center. A subsequent search of his home turned up bomb-making materials, ballistic vests, rifles, ammunition and a personal journal of combat tactics.   Actually, none of that is true. The paragraph above describes, down to the letter, what was known about Micah Xavier Johnson, the black man who murdered five Dallas cops a year ago during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.   Sole alteration to the facts is reversing the words "black" and "white."
Why because police show up after the crime? Or because they troll poor neighborhoods to harass the poor? Or because they are exceedingly good at one thing, killing unarmed black men? I do believe when a cop dies, we shut down the country. So, we honor them enough. Veterans who are actually deserving ​should be honored.
After the last eight years I think Obama has developed alligator armor.  How did Obama convince his kids that yes he's black (when he's only half black), that he was born in Hawaii at Kapiolani Childrens Hospital, and is legitimately qualified to be president when birther lies were being aggressively repeated?  I would think this much tougher than a couple protesters or the likes of Bronson and Richard.
We all have mementos or photographs that symbolize someone we respect, someone we love and perhaps someone who deserves our remembrance.  There are flags and symbols that represent hate, violence, disrespect or intolerance for others. In fact, there were flags earlier in the history of America that represented such inappropriate beliefs.   Our American Flag, as it stands now, has nothing to do with disrespect for any race. I pay our flag respect because it symbolizes my respect for all of the blacks, whites, and individuals of every race who have defended me and you so that we can live the wonderful (maybe not perfect) lives we have.  When I see symbols of the KKK or other such stupidity I think of the wrongs done to blacks and others and it makes me seethe in anger.   The players are simply using the wrong symbol and wrong venue to demonstrate their unhappiness. I am hurt and confused by their behavior and it demonstrates their misunderstanding of historical context.
You mean where a white guy is 25% more likely to be shot and killed by LEOs than a black man? There's actual studies supporting this statement. You can go to sciencedaily dot com to search for them.
Not sure where you can possibly think Obama was the most racist President ever— he represented by his own background and programs, whites and blacks and especially poor whites and blacks with his policie (but also did a lot to rescue businesses on Wall Street and the Auto Industry, and provided tax cuts to rescue the economy). Not only that but he helped Hawaiians and other polynesians, his campaign staff and best friends that he visited every year were Haole, and Hawaiian, and his appointments were from every group you can think of. I can see not liking his policies like Obamacare which helped every race in the country, but I don’t think you can consider him racist— he was the opposit of racist as one could be.
Fla. police shoot black man with his hands up as he tries to help autistic patient  In cellphone footage of the incident that emerged Wednesday, Kinsey can be seen lying on the ground with his hands in the air, trying to calm the autistic man and defuse the situation seconds before he is shot.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/07/21/fla-police-shoot-black-man-with-his-hands-up-as-he-tries-to-help-autistic-patient/
I support 'black lives matter' but have no time for Black Lives Matter.
I'm proud these guys stand up to the government.  Cops shooting unarmed people is about as bad as it can get.  When I saw the 20 year old kid in Dayton literally hunted down through the aisles and gunned down with no reprecussions for the cops, that's when I had to admit the courts have a funny way of defining dangerous persons.  Oh, the kid had taken an air soft gun off the shelf and was browsing other items and on his phone.  You know, black guys with WalMart AirSoft products still in the thick plastic can be reasonably assumed to be a menace to society.  Stephen Paddock however was a red blooded American hero with his cache of weapons who we couldn't dare speak of any suspicion.  Last, sporting events and the SSB are complete nonsense.  I haven't stood for the SSB for years, using that time to go to the can or stuff my face with nachos.
First, the "suspect" will have to be convicted.  But wait, he's a white kid in Texas.  he'll never see the death penalty.  Now, if he'd been a black woman who failed to use a turn signal, he'd be dead already.
Had a chance to be a great president -- but you blew it.  Not a single day of peace in your entire 8-year term.  Not even one day.  Bombed 6 countries.  Ran on ending the Iraq War, then tried to extend the troop withdrawal deadline as soon as you took office.  You fully backed Saudi' Arabia's illegal war in Yemen that nobody hears about because the media is busy reporting on Aleppo, even though we're doing the same thing in Mosul.    You could have ended the NSA domestic spying program, instead, you vastly expanded it.    You're trying to base your legacy off of Baby Boomer morals, but it is the millennials who will ultimately judge your actions, and as far as I'm concerned, you're just another warmonger like all of your predecessors.  You didn't have the moral courage to do something great.  Overall, you were an average, unremarkable president.  You upheld the establishment status quo.  Greatest accomplishment:  First black man.  That's good I guess, but not amazing.  Disappointed.
Just as the left so often boycotts companies like Uber or Fox News, I am under no obligation to support Time Warner or the New York Times (which I would never give a dime to anyway).   If it was a Barack Obama look-alike (yes, I know they did it with a black actor before, but he didn't look like Obama and his wife bore no resemblance to Michelle) the cries of racism would be deafening and the corporate sponsorships would have been completely rescinded.
Larry, Did you happen to see that Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III did not actually prosecute that Klan case?  However, Sessions did prosecuted three African American community organizers in the Black belt of Alabama, including Martin Luther King Jr's former aide Albert Turner, for alleged voter fraud. The three were acquitted. Oh, and did you see that Sessions called the NAACP "un-American?"
"For instance calling a African-American in South Central "Black" would cause an undesirable reaction."  Not from my experience.  Most black people in America self-identify with the term black.  Black Panthers.  Black Lives Matter.  Black Entertainment Television.  etc.  "Everyone knows calling (what "appears" to be a Caucasian) a "haole", usually preceded with the "F" word, is not appropriate. You are not recognizing the person, but their appearance. Why do it? It's wrong. You are passing judgement on race, that's racism."  You jumped from haole to F!@#in haole, which completely supports everything that I just said about context.  I suggest you read my argument again for better comprehension.  Calling a white person white or a black person black is not "racism."  "My name is David, Dave, or DiverDave."  Yes, but are you haole?  It's a simple question.  It means "white" or "caucasian."  For example, my wife is haole.  I've never understood why haoles take offense to that word.
How many HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS of dollars does AIDEA have to throw away in their boondoggle endeavors with nothing to show for the expense before Alaskans come to their senses and finally kill off this financial black hole  and corrupt agency?  AIDEA is little more than a means to funnel money to the politically and financially well-connected in this state as well as feed the egos and grandiose dreams of bureaucrats who believe that they know better than private enterprise.
Bit a of a reach, yes, but consider, if we are going to refer to a certain minority as 'black' than we should avoid any negative connotations with the same word.
All Toyota pickups are white, all SUVs are black. C'mon, everyone knows this. Why did you omit the colorlessness of the SUV from your pithy critique? Maybe you were sick the day you wandered by a college.
If this were black on white crime they wouldn't even publish it, let alone put a picture of the guy.  It is getting to be the norm that any crimes commited by blacks, illegals or democrats the media doesn't call out the race or affiliation.  If its a white person or a republ7can its plastered all over.  People are really seeing the blatant bias of the media.
It's a descriptor.  Which one is your wife?  The Asian girl with the black dress?  The Filipino one in shorts?  No, she's the haole girl with brown hair.
I agree with you that there needs to be dialogue.  And then there is that word that you apparently object to "but".  I believe that listening to people (and I do not consider you as one of those to whom I am about to refer) who deny that racism exists and who see every attempt by Blacks to assert their rights is not helpful.  In the same way, I don't think that dialogue is helpful or productive with those who believe that I ought not fight for equal rights for women, who tells me that I ought to be grateful that women are no longer as oppressed as women of  were before.  I don't think it's productive with someone who calls me a heretic. Dialogue can occur only when both sides agree that a problem exists that needs to be addressed.  My "but" prefaced the sentence that stated that violence should not be used to mask very real grievances.  Surely, that's a reasonable proposition.
charles:  Tamir Rice was shot because he was pointing a Pistol at people in a park, 911 was called and when officers arrived, he reached for what appeared to be a firearm in his waist band, the officer fired two shots, hitting Tamir in the torso, he died two days later, it was only after the firearm was secured that it was found to be an air pistol. Would you prefer that the officer first have to take live fire, or another citizen be shot before deploying deadly force?   The greatest threat to life currently for young black males, is another young black male, and it speaks volumes in the way the absence of fathers has effected not only populations of color, but many intercity areas as well, no matter the race.   The Second Amendment is as colorblind as they come, the right of both self protection, and self preservation is basic for all living beings, and survivors have no qualms about exercising it.
Facebook revealed on Sept. 6 that it had found 470 pages and profiles linked to the Russian troll farm known as the Internet Research Agency. Facebook on Monday turned over more than 3,000 of the Russia-linked advertisements from its site over to the Senate and House intelligence committees.  The ads and accounts were created to push false information and lies in order to amplify divisive political issues across the political spectrum, including gun rights, gay rights issues and the Black Lives Matter movement.
“Call it democracy, or call it democratic socialism, but there must be a better distribution of wealth within this country for all God’s children.” – Martin Luther King Speech to the Negro American Labor Council, 1961.
The Civil War monuments of Gettysburg are next for the Army of Antifa, race- baters aad black historians to attack. It has stopped being the history of slavery and the Confederacy   but about eradicating anything old. They  can't change history, but they can try to create something else  to replace it.
"Black Lives Matter is a great and much needed movement for social justice."  If Black Lives Matter cared a whit about black lives, they's disband.  Wilson, you say,  was "spontaneously more mistrustful of a black person entering our view than of a white person."  To quote John McEnroe on this night of the US Open, "You cannot be serious."  Wilson's "spontaneous" view of Brown was of Brown half-way into Wilson's squad car, trying to get Wilson's weapon.  There is no genuine dispute as to whether Brown's hands were in the air, a significant point inasmuch as you and McGivern --- apparently intelligent people --- continue to press that narrative, having good reason to know it's false.
Jose, Did you actually read what Bill said or just react to an imaginary slight?  He was saying that a Black, Asian, or Hispanic president would bring freedom to the process, i.e.,no more "machete" tactics.  "Using voting like some ecclesiastical machete may well end when an African, or a Latin or an Asian becomes denominational president. Freedom rather than oppression will be made to smile on the denomination when the Union Conferences around the world realize that hierarchy is bankrupt."  While I'm not sure he has the solution, I perceived no racist insult or intended derogation in his comment, just the opposite. He was saying that a non White president would be better.
Let me  First, the percentage of whites who are Indian citizens are practically zero ( Mother Teresa was one, and she got enough fame in India). It is impossible to discriminate against people who don't exist. So that is a pretty dumb argument. I am guessing your next argument will be that China is racist because it hasn't had a black leader?  Second, in racial terms, Indians are "Caucasians". The whole race theory has been revised multiple times. You do realize the whole Aryan theory originated in India? And then was lifted by Adolf H? The Germans, like Max Mueller, had some of the finest Indologists in the 19th and 20th centuries.  Third, your point about corruption. It i bad, but improving. You know who brought corruption to India? The British, with people like Robert Clive and Warren Hastings.  Finally, your English grammar sucks. Which corrupt school did you study in?
Yo Ericsnot, once again you twist reality to bolster your own pathetic agenda. I said, and it's in print," Black males make up about 3.5% of the population and commit 52% of it's homicides."  DOJ stats.  When you say 13%, you're talking about the Black population, not Black males.  The 13% don't commit the homicides, the 3/5% do it. You get your figures from faulty sources. I get mine from the DOJ.  White males make up 31% of the population. not 16.6 % Ericsnot.
Can we have a description of the suspect to assist / be on the lookout for?? Are we looking for a white 75 year old woman with grey hair?? Or a 19 year old black male carrying a bucket of chicken? Please facts matter
NAACP backing a black NBA player......there's a shocker!!!!
That's like saying a racist doesn't hate black people, he just hates the color of their skin. Or an anti-Semite doesn't hate Jews, he just hates their religion. Or a misogynist doesn't hate women, he just hates their gender.
Here are some ideas: - Wear those BlackLivesMatter t-shirts while volunteering on your own time at a community center. - Wear those BlackLivesMatter t-shirts while doing yard work or home repairs for an elderly black person. - Keep the money from the t-shirt and donate it to a charity instead. - Encourage students to complete all of their homework every day, and add a rubber stamp "BlackLivesMatter" if they get 90% or better. Yes; black lives do matter (too), and the black community has historically been underserved in many ways, but the solution is not "raising awareness". The solution is turning your thoughts into positive substantive action.
As far as I know, only Southern apologists are talking about "blowing up" statues. Most advocate only for their removal from public display, and many who want them removed also don't want art to be destroyed, just put into historical museums. This "blowing up statues" of Washington and Jefferson isn't something anyone is advocating for, it is a useful trick played by charlatans whose motivation is to confuse the purpose of Confederacy monuments, which is to remind black Americans in the South that their families were once slaves, then economically, politically and legally disenfranchised citizens in the nation of their birth. We got the Civil Rights Act in 1964 and the Voting Rights Act in 1965, and that should have been the end of the Troubles, but we see the powerful remains of Jim Crow every day, and right here on this forum, from people who claim they aren't bigoted, but regularly post that black people are inferior, that Muslims are violent, and that KKK are "nice" people.
Media tells us the "working" class and unemployed who rarely vote came out and actually voted for Trump.  How do you broadly describe these people as "ignorant" and also White Privilege?  Media also tells us 70% of black Americans are not raised by their fathers.  Government took them away with all the subsidies and special programs that ultimately replaced Daddy.  Instead of ranting and raving about someone else's ignorance and privilege, all people should work on themselves to make his/her life better and raise his/her children to be responsible, caring adults.  Identity politics is not solving anything.  No one is perfect.  We are human.  So life is a challenge to improve our lot, together.
The only thing positive to come from the Holocaust is to show us the clear nature of evil. We should take notice of Hitler's words to ensure that we do not go there again. That the Germans have done and that caution has made them a remarkable nation. That such evil did not only happen in the Holocaust does not detract from the unspeakable nature of evil humanity experienced there. But where are we, here in South Africa, when there is a different standard for humanity between black and the rest of us, when blacks can now align themselves with the unspeakable far white right in the USA to resort to the swastika for reasons best known to them? And perhaps just to mention the obvious - if we are to excoriate Helen Zille for her little tweet, what is to happen to the tweeter in this instance?
Do you really think that President Trump "draws" support from haters?  Have you ever looked in the mirror?  I would define "haters" as those who would draw support from those poor soles who have been subjugated and left wanting by false promises of the left.  "Haters" are those who cannot tolerate anything but their own perspective.  "Haters" are those who must classify people into demographic groups so that they can be controlled by those who believe they are better.  "Haters" are those who would stand in the way of progress just because those who support it are from another political belief or party.  "Haters" are those who promote social unrest in the form of "Occupy groups", "Black Lives" groups", and other leftist financed rabble rousers.  We should all be glad that the "haters" among us are in the minority of our elected officials and that our current President does not "draw" his strength from them.
I grew up in Corvallis.  Heard the stories.  Actually worked for the same logging outfit owned by a former OSC athlete who hired White for a summer job.    Certainly there had to be some racist tension for the only black guy in the woods,  except for a high climber/hook tender in Sweet Home, last name James.  Slats Gill's problem was that our Jim Crow South,  and wide spread discrimination elsewhere,   disallowed black players from staying in the  same hotel as white teammates. Gill  wouldn't do that to  players.  He  actively tried to recruit more than one black player,  and actually had black players before UNC or Duke.  He was coaching in transition times.    The guy cared about  all players,  and recruited in Oregon and Washington.  It was not easy for a kid of any color to get from Southern California to Corvallis,  with 1950s transportation  costs and time the limiting factors.   Think about it;  I-5 and cheap  air travel were  deciding factors in bringing black athletes to OSU.
What's new, same activity that occurs outside of the Coliseum on the streets, two gangs banging out for turf. Bet all the guys fighting were black. All the white guys standing around...maybe instigating it, just pushing their buttons. Kinda like what the cops do in LA.
I disagree with you about not acknowledging the part that Black Americans played in building the Alaska road. It is an important part of Alaska history that has been over looked. Nationally, the Alaska Road was acknowledged and honored by the commemorative United States Postal stamp issued about 15 or 20 years ago. Part of the significance of the Black military who worked on the road was that many of them stayed on or returned to make Alaska their home. The Japanese-Americans who fought in WWII in the European theater were totally amazing ! Their service to the United States at a time when the US forced their families Into internment camps  was of significance. But they were also one of the most decorated units of the war and suffered high battle deaths.  For too many years, people had no idea about the Code Talkers and the importance of their service during WWII.  Did you know that many of them were not even allowed to vote or considered to have the same rights as other Americans ?
Her comments were in relation to the "black race". Read the article. Clearly stereotyping. Racism is now the new norm.
This just shows how big of a joke blacklivesmatters is. Where is their support now? No outrage, no protests? The police just killed a man... Hello... Oh yeah BLM is a joke and doesn't care if anyone else except black people guilty or not are killed by police. A black KKK all for the destruction of police offices. If BLM were truly a just cause there would be supporters at the scene wearing their oh so special t-shirts...
It appears as if Trump wants to, first and foremost, overturn any piece of legislation introduced by Obama. One wonders whether he and his supporters find it offensive that a black President (mixed race of course) should have any legislation remaining on the books. Obama, like all other presidents, was not perfect, but he did introduce important and useful legislation. Obama tried long and hard to bring some sanity to gun laws in the US. Things are unlikely to improve as Trump has an adviser who thinks that Sandy Hook was a hoax, albeit not a Chinese one this time..
I had to go back and make sure I read that right--they served the Latino students tacos and the African-American students a "black meal." Holy cow! How old is that university president anyway? Way to buy into stereotypes! That man needs to go back to school!
"It is part of the deposit of Catholic faith, infallible and unchanging."   As usual, it is all black and white for R & R.  Apparently, the church has NEVER changed in 2000 years, right?
What about the Canadian governments attempt at genocide when it comes to residential schools. Imagine you are a child of six being torn from your family and then put into one of these schools. How frightened would you be? The pot calling the kettle black. By the way, the Falun Gong is a cult. Li Hongzh is a charlatan who has hijacked traditional Chinese qigong and taiqichuan marshal art practices and usurped Buddhist, Scientology and Christian teachings into a mishmash of half truths.  Half truths are incredibly dangerous. And so is the Falun Gong.
"Those claiming that police unfairly brutalize black people offer very little evidence to back it up, other than a few isolated cases about which the reporting is often distorted." How is this for evidence: "Black males aged 15-34 were nine times more likely than other Americans to be killed by law enforcement officers last year, according to data collected for The Counted, an effort by the Guardian to record every such death. They were also killed at four times the rate of young white men." https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/08/the-counted-police-killings-2016-young-black-men Clearly,  if you are a young black man in the U.S., the odds are not in your favour. But, obviously, you are not a young black man who has to face this type of danger on a daily basis.
ahh ahh yes, those illegal immigrunts are going to tell us what to do---  it's our country not yours-  yetttt.     so go back to where you came from if you wont live by our laws--- in russia and surrounding they would simply round you all up and shoot you---- in israel  if you are black you wont get in in the first place (400 black african refugees since 1948 and for what-svwatsas they still say-   we give them all that money for nothing- and they arent even poor and they fiercely and i not trying to be mean fiercely discriminate against palestinmen poor as they be and get away with it)   and america they blame us for everything when we are doing better than anyone else considering the challenges we all face--     in europe as a rope around your neck they tie you up and throw you to the sharks until they can figure what to do with you ,  and this only increases the chances of anutter butter hitler or napoleon rising because you wont face our order to get in- kicking in the door instead
What a tragic day in America. It is sad to see people turn against the people there to protect them.   The "Black Lives Matter" movement is found on racism and violence. What happened to the two black men that were killed looks extremely bad. However the BLM movement resorts to violence before all the facts are in, just as they did with Michael Brown. Then, as soon as something goes wrong in their own neighborhood, they want to bad mouth the police for not being there to do something about it. It is time they face reality and realize that most (not all) police officers are there trying to keep the general public safe. They do this by focusing on statistics as to individuals that commit crime. When one of these "great human beings" that just robbed a liquor store or was seen waving a gun around refuses to obey the police, things get out of control quickly and stuff like this happens. Follow the officers orders and you will most likely be fine.   The guy in MN, that one looks really bad.
Bill "did the war on crack" at the pleading of black "leaders" like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton as crack was so harmful to the constituents they claimed to represent.   We have laws to protect our society.  It's too bad Obama sees himself as a ruler rather than a leader.  We've much work to do.
Now playing on NETFLIX, (Meet the Trumps). Is a Biographical Documentary of Donald Trumps grandfather's goldrush enterprises and his father's development of a property empire. His father was a very shrewed businessman who used his skill$ to influence politicians/government employees to grow his financial empire; "without breaking the law" as he would put it. Bend it but don't break it. He learned his trade from his father especially when it came to how he viewed minorities, especially blacks. That stance toward blacks and how he learned from his father who migrated to America from Germany is explained in detail; and how he and everyone in his circle learned to look down on minorities. And so, till this very day that's Trump's unique trade mark. Hail to White Supremacy.
You people always lose the argument when you use the term "Drumpf". I guess you forget the fact that Hillary idolized Margeret Sanger who was all for the extermination of Blacks or perhaps this little quote about another of her Idols, Robert Byrd...  “Senator Byrd was a man of surpassing eloquence and nobility. It is almost impossible to imagine the United States Senate without Robert Byrd. He was not only its longest serving member. He was its heart, its soul, and it’s historian.”
The Kurds are an ethnic-cultural majority in their own geopolitical realm, yet  Muslim Kurds hate secular Kurds: they all have schisms between them, endless regional agendas ...Muslims a la Kurdish, most of them have been propped up by  moneyed Saudis-Wahhabi  who are the unforgiving, righteous guardian of Mecca and the Sunni-Muslim word in certain ways. Since the 60's  most of those imams, mosques, have been under the subtle and overt payroll of Saudi Arabia -  Myanmar's confrontational activists & terrorists have been trained in Saudi Arabia. And here comes Catalonia to create another sac of cats led by a (  not) majority that has been programmed by hate and resentment by the simple reason that, while in the 20's, powerhouse Barcelona was the cultural- racist Mecca that looked down to Andalusian as "moors ...black .." etc Spain has evolved to such a point that Barcelona has become ...provincial , and Madrid is the true cosmopolitan one. ( Not just) the tribal ego is a Pandora box ...
Sweetsusie, thanks for admitting that if Republicans are forced by law to do something that they don't like, they are likely to commit an insidious crime. It's nothing new. When slaves were freed, Republicans (they were Dems in those days) lynched, raped and otherwise victimized freed blacks. So we are well aware of what this cake guy and his friends (you) might do.
The illiberal  tendency of etiquette-obsessed  'liberal' patricians to throw others to the wolves has not changed in a thousand years. This is just another contemporary example.  Perhaps this evokes the feeling of abandonment:  "...Out of the night that covers me,    Black as the pit from pole to pole....."
This is the world the ammosexuals and gun humpers want. So yes, it's normal. It's a fantasy world created by people who have watched too much Fox News and seen too many movies and are afraid of black people and want to oppress women. It's delusional.
From their latest horrid trashy article  "We’re confident that Mr. Bruce Peter will definitely be happy with the extra attention his story is now getting from the people in South Africa and he knows who to thank for that!  Here, we’d like to ask you a simple question. What if it was a scandal involving some prominent black guy instead of Mr. Bruce?"  Getting the name back to front is not a South African thing usually. Just saying.
I agree that there are many issues that Americans and others need to be concerned about, but a President that is ignorant of history and therefore liable to make mistakes is certainly one of them. And if it isn't a big deal, why did you truncate the quote to make him appear less uneducated?  History is certainly open to interpretation, but Lincoln had a strong moral objection to slavery prior to, during, and after the civil war, and was assassinated by Booth largely because he supported black suffrage.  Your attempt to paint him as uncaring on the issue is disingenous.
Wellman's definition of racism is absurd, because it states that racism is only practised by whites. Other races and cultures are as racist--racism is a universal problem. The belief that only white racism matters is really a manifestation of white self-importance, Eurocentrism gone septic. And in a country like SA, post-1994, white racism is an irritant at best and at worst provides an "excuse" for black racism; in a country where one racial group is the overwhelming majority, its racists beliefs and assumptions should be recognised as the major issue.
The state has a shameful history of exclusion if not outright mistreatment of Natives, Blacks, Japanese, Chinese, Jews, pretty much any non-WASP group. Way too many of the people born and raised here, by people born and raised here, have significant suspicion and prejudice towards "others", even today. They didn't learn any different, and they're still teaching their kids the same.  Thank goodness for the people moving here from other places who bring a diversity of races, ethnicities, religions, values and beliefs. Oregon is better for it.
Neo-Nazis, yes - as well as Black Lives Matter, Anti-FA and various other violent hate groups on the left who try to silence and destroy anyone who dares disagree with their ideology. Confederates and ISIS are a very poor comparison.
You know, Keola, we, descendants of the first people of Hawaii, understand what the Indians talk about, but we were not treated as bad as them.  And by far, the blacks have suffered the most from all native peoples in America. And yes, the blacks are the native people of Africa.  Rather than talk about our anger, can our conversation be for peace in the islands among all our island peoples?
This is right out of Central Casting.  Who is the one who fights for justice?  Who is the one who dares the slings and arrows of the Party gentry?  Why, it's the Black Woman!  She is Sooooo pure.  Sooooo heroic.  A willing flunky for the Clintons all her political life.  Just how did she come to run Al Gore's campaign?  Just look at how she nursed disastrous campaigns.  She was part of Mondale-Ferraro.  Ran Dick Gephardt's campaign for the Dem nomination.  Did such a bang up job with those two that she became Al Gore's campaign manager.  To cap her career she became a CNN mole for the Clinton campaign.  This woman is bereft of all integrity.  Thank you Donna Brazile, the quota hire in all those campaigns.  Without your pretensions to competence, aided and abetted by the people pulling the strings, we might not have President Trump.   Now the string-pullers have sent you out to put the final, fatal pin in the Hellary doll so that the Clinton's final act will be directed at you.
Sub group analysis is a well known source of spurious findings. Especially when you are breaking up a small sample into 30 different subgroups, it is very likely to cause false positives for some of the subgroups by random chance. Any time a study says they saw a result in one subgroup you should already have some warning bells ringing. Unless the result is reproduced in a proper RCT I would not see any result from subgroup analysis as robust. A scientist with an agenda could "prove" the danger of water. http://statistically-funny.blogspot.co.za/2014/03/if-at-first-you-dont-succeed.html has a good write up with some links to papers on the subject.  From the link  "Here's a study designed to show this risk. The data tossed up significant associations such as: women were more likely to have a cesarean section if they preferred butter over margarine, or blue over black ink."
I remember days in the early 90's at Clark jr high where I thought of the same things. Constantly bullied by native kids cus I'm half for not being native enough, and white kids cus I was half native, and by the black kids for what ever f'in reason.  I ended up sticking to myself as much as possible. There were days when I fantasized about blowing those kids away and a couple of teachers for doing jack about it, and even a few who seemed to egg on the bully's.
Greg Palast's reportepr, Zach, got photos of one of the neo-Nazis aiming an automatic at protesters. He only put it away when he realized he was being photographed. At the time, there were 4-5 neo-Nazis severely beating a black special ed teacher with poles and a broken off, parking garage barrier.
Mr Shivambo needs help with his maths. 80% of 0 is equal to how much? And that is how much will be invested by serious investors (black an white alike) if you start interfering in how they should invest. That has nothing to do race or politics it is just economics 101.
Yes jgd777-we created generations of welfare dependents black families, by misguided but well intentioned programs. With the influx of Vietnamese refugees, CA did it different. They gave them large stipends to buy a house and start a business, with the notation they were to not go on welfare. They didn't go on welfare, they have Little Saigon and so on-despite being mostly rice paddy farm workers from Vietnam. Today their generations of offspring are educated and active productive paying members of society.
TP2, you may have missed the point. Unknown suggested that the loose cannon behavior *sometimes* demonstrated in BLM protests- and always sensationalized in the media- may have inspired the disjointed effort observed in downtown Eugene yesterday. I dont think Unknown meant to say that BLM protest methods are dysfunctional because the protesters are black- that would, by definition, have been a racist assertion.
Lynn,  As your post suggests, black on black violence may be so high in the black community simply because that is who those who initiate violence have as victims.  In general economics has always concentrated the classes into their own areas.  Hence, European-Americans (whites) kill European-Americans, African-Americans (blacks) kill African-Americans, Asian-Americans kill Asian-Americans, etc. more than one ethnicity group kills another.  In America, it seems the more you move down the economic ladder and into the concentrated areas of the poor, the more violence occurs.  That would make an interesting graph if true.
What would it take for this nation to fully acknowledge and account for sins?  Nevermnind thise sins happened before most people's ancestors even came to this country.  How big is the reparations check?  Are black descendants in Africa going to pay Too since they were the ones who captured and sold other blacks into slavery?  There is plenty of blame to go around.  Instead you want to blame me even though my family came here in 1920 and went to Montana where they probably saw a couple of black people a generation.  What sins exactly do I need to acknowledge on behalf of my ancestors?
The author's views are clearly (and quite naturally) influenced by his marriage to a black woman.  He cites a terrible incident in London (presumably England, not Ontario) where she was spat upon and a delay at the border crossing into Canada.  The spitting incident is almost certainly an isolated one (otherwise, Shoalts would have expanded his comments to say so) and most of us have experienced inconvenient delays at one time or another when crossing the border.  He cites DeMar DeRozan's buddies getting shot by police officers in Compton, California (the city that gave us the Bloods and the Crips) but does not state the reasons why.  Were they gang members, perhaps?  We will never know, at least from the info provided in this article.  Altogether, a very lame column.  The Penguins have every right to go to the White House and their decision has nothing to do with the racial problems afflicting the US.  I didn't see any complaints from Shoalts last year when Obama was in office.
I was not intimating your sources were white males, I was attempting to point out that when the military was integrated all the pilots one would meet were white males and the majority were not in favor of integration.  At the time there was only one black air unit so their numbers would have been inconsequential. Actual military people do have a say in their future.  They vote like the rest of us.
US Elite in 1965: End segregation and give African-Americans the right to vote  News item in 1965: Overwhelming majority of Southern whites are against integration or giving the vote to African Americans  US Elite in 1860: End slavery News item in 1860: Civil War begins
I already looked into it when 4:20 previously quoted Obama as saying "I'm your only hope" to black leaders. Obama did say "best hope", in the context of him offering to act as an mediator between black activist groups and police groups. A pretty specific situation, and arguably he was in a good position to act a mediator.   Trump is speaking more broadly, with less evidence that he alone can do any of it.
Spicer was irritated when Trump overlooked him on Trump's phony visit to the Pope. However, Spicer isn't the only phony to make the trip to Rome. Callista Gingrich, a Catholic and having] slept with the philanderer Newt for 7 years while he was still married, is Trump's new envoy to the Vatican! Let’s not leave out our duplicitous first lady, also a Catholic.. She was known to have cavorted with our Liar-in-Chief prematurely. Then, leaving her Stilettos in the WH she accompanied Trump to the Vatican. She humbled herself before the Pontiff by wearing a black veil. I don’t know how the Pope deals with the phonies?
.... Gabby Gifford; Sandy Hook, Charlestown black church massacre, ....
Does anyone remember the controversy surrounding the Black cemetery in Priceville, Ontario?  The National Film Board of Canada made a documentary on titled "Speakers for the Dead".   "It was as if the town were trying to erase the existence of the black pioneers who settled this area in the early 1800s".  http://www.mattoid.ca/data/antiRacism/Ontario_town_buries_legacy_of_black_settlers.htm  In the case of the Muslims in Quebec it's as if some would like to go one step further and ensure that Muslims aren't even buried in Quebec.
The ANC was quite correct to avoid association with the Biko legacy, since his ideas make racial reconciliation impossible. The BCM inspired attacks on colonial symbols clearly show an intention to erase the white legacy of South Africa as a means of assuaging black feelings of inferiority and asserting black pride. After all, nothing is more injurious to the self regard of a racial supremacist than another race's accomplishments.
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black! A few lines up you imply Rogoff's husband is in on the deal, but offer no evidence of any kind. What does that make you, "genius?"
Which black colleague? There was more than one. And do your own research as I do mine. It's out there for the taking.
Southern Poverty Law center. The SPLC's data is so inaccurate the FBI dumped them as a legitimate source of tracking "Hate Groups" because the SPLC has a clear agenda and they can't be used as a legitimate source.  As far as white privilege is concerned, it should be named more accurately, "Two parent" privilege.  It is a fact that If you are raised by a father and mother, you enter adulthood with more privileges than anyone else in American society, irrespective of race, ethnicity, or sex. That’s why the poverty rate among two-parent black families is only 7 percent.
Attacking my "caps" and failing to respond to the substance of anything I said only proves you know you can't respond to the substance. Because you cannot deny that what happened this weekend is exactly what I told you would happen if Trump won for the past two years.  When Dylan Rooff shot up that church full of black people, telling them that he was doing it for racist reasons, with a written manifesto full of racism and nazism, an lots of photos of himself with racist and nazi symbols - Fox News spent a week telling us how we would "never really know what motivated this terrrible tragedy". It must have seriously peeved Roof off because he tried extremely hard to make absolutely sure nobody would have any doubt as to his motives.  Fox News (and the federalist actually) are experts are not seeing racism - no matter how extreme it is, no matter how flagrantly in your face it shows up, no matter how violent it becomes.   And they did just as good a job at not seeing it in Trump.
Yup our incompetent little handed republican work of art is also a racist. His presidency is dedicated to undoing every positive thing President Obama accomplished. Trump and his Nazi stormtrooper followers have little minds filled with greed, avarice and racism toward people of color, who don't care how America ends up, all they know is they are putting our first black president in his place, for daring to think he could make a difference. If Americans want to read up on history, they will find that America overthrew the Cuban government and installed a puppet regime, dedicated to shoveling Cuba's resources and profits to American corporations, which was the one Castro overthrew. If Americans want to read up on international history, they will find that America changes governments worldwide to install puppet regimes, bribed to allow American corporations to go in and steal and coerce other countries resources and profits. Colonalism = Theft and Murder, and results in terrorism
The Bureau of Justice and Statistics is now a Republican go-to site?  Do you just consider all .gov websites as Republican websites now? Wow.  When did I ever mention black people or marijuana?  I'm really not even sure what you're trying to address at this point with this post.
I know there are a lot of Black players in the NFL.
There are Newspapers/sources with unbiased informative investigative reporting and then there are socialist propaganda rags biased uninformed spewing gibberish.  The controversy over the “Black Lives Matter” isn't merely some word play of a slogan. Like the old, old saying goes actions speak louder then words. If one is honest in judgment about the actions of Black Lives Matter the conclusion reveals no difference between the KKK racial ideology in that it's the same old coin just a different side showing it's ugliness.
Curry, said many times that he disliked the President and would honor a team commitment to boycott the White House, if his teammates voted to do so. Now, he wants to complain about being "dis-invited" to a party whose "Host" he can not stand. Doesn't the NAACP have better things to do  than to "swab the hurt feelings" of a "Black Man" whose sole purpose is to discredit a President who has done more for his people in 8 months, than a "Fellow Brother" (Obama), did for them in 8 years.
Remember when Trump asked black America on the campaign trail, "what do you have to lose?"   The answer is becoming clear. Jobs. Well jobs and safety, what with Trump's continued coddling of and pandering to neo-Confederates and neo-Nazis.  This is the second time in two weeks the White House has tried to use its bully pulpit to get black people fired. First Jamele Hill and now the majority of the NFL. Some "jobs president" this guy is.   And it's not just black Americans. Remember when he took on Nordstrom, an American company that hires 70,000 Americans because Trump was angry Nordstrom stopped carrying Ivanka's foreign-manufactured elitist handbags?   This is your "jobs" president.
The reason it's all Obama's fault is because he is the leader of our country .  In nearly every event involving race he sides with those of color.  He should be the president for all America---not just black America.  When blacks refused to listen to reason or the facts in the Furguson shooting he sent in the feds .  He didn't call for calm. He didn't sternly warn against stealing and destruction of property .  When police weren't getting hurt because of their protective gear he ordered the feds not to give police across America surplus gear because it wasn't fair to the protesters who had no protection .  Some have even said behind the scenes he ordered to national guard to stand down and not stop the destruction.  Over and over again he sides with the thugs and not police.  Help me understand---why do blacks think it's their right to steal and burn every time an issue comes up ? That Obama fully supports BLM's is proof positive who's side he's on . Not average American's or police.
Trump needs to do something or at least say something to help to stop these Nazi and supremacist groups going around the country looking to beat up people who disagree with their fascist, racist hate message. Local police need to stop these groups that are known for violence and ban their weapons and shields and keep them separated from counter protestors. The visiting out of town police officer who went to get friends out of the melee noted these groups were organized, attacked on signal, carried weapons, and were young and strong-- older counter protestors were punched, and knocked down-- and there attackers had to be restrained. This will lead to more violence--black and white football players on campuses where this is occurring have had to be stopped from going to these demonstrations and confronting the racist groups-- which are becoming more violent with more young Nazi participation.
Huh.  Big headline with "white nationalist" in it.  I wonder if the AP reporter is aware that "La Raza" is a brown nationalist organization?  Or that "Black Lives Matter" is a black nationalist organization?  And that both groups were represented among the "counter protesters".  She probably is but it would be politically incorrect to have her say so, working for the AP and all.
This shooting was terrible, and absolutely  destructive to not just the shooting victims, but also American society as a whole..  The media (and GBA)  report that the shooter was one James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois, known to be  anti-Republican and a rabid Trump-hater. Much as many of us detest Trump and current Republican policies, there is absolutely no justification for this sort of political violence within Liberal social philosophy. I hope most all  of America's liberals  and "Leftists" would join me in condemning this armed attack on some Republican leaders peacefully practicing baseball. Our nation is tense and any political violence is likely to cause a violent reprisal of its own. It's a sad story  that when we hear of such a horrid event, we immediately ask, "was it terrorism?"  And, "was it by extremists of the Right, the Left, Blacks, Muslims , government reps, or just a                                                                                   total mental case?
and yet, here she sits, a token woman, and black. a twofer for espn. shes  not very good at sports analysis. let alone politics. whether she like it, or not, trump is president, and will be elected again in 2020.
This is  the very first time that I know of that Obama has been put on the hotspot for anything, and after eight years of corrupt, underhanded, surreptitious dealings 'from the White House to you', it's about time someone had the presence of mind and heart to be on the offensive against that socialist Islamic America-baiting fully entrenched leftist perversion that the first race-roiling pseudo-black president has fostered.   This repay is well-deserved by the Demo(n)crats who have been offering up so much lack of respect and downright hate speech toward a sitting president, accusing him and his cabinet daily of this wrongdoing and that picayune detail of bad human nature. They are truly building a house of cards on a Jello mold, and it's time, way past time, that the presidency of this United States returns the favor. Obama and his legacy of shame must be stopped. Mr. Trump knows the Leftist Dems are playing until there's a winner, and know nothing but force.  I vote McCarthy!
Black. White. Us. Them.  But not an oversimplification.  Got it.  (Skeexix, s-l-o-w-l-y backing out of the room . . .)
RC, the problem is whenever anything violent happens we seem to be drawn to whatever stereotypes we want to confirm. In the case of minorities, we'll usually find some family background that is angry black, dissatisfied middle eastern, islamic, antiamerican immigrant, etc. But other than some token "connected to white supremacist" or misplaced southern pride these events the usual story is abstract mental issues, depression, etc. It's rare to see anything presented as "my faith drove me to it" even if the evidence is out there. Obviously, it's all nutty. Violence is not the answer. But don't kid yourself. They all do it, right/left, christian/islam/etc, and the usual thuggy riot enthusiasts when there's no soccer game to pillage over.
Plenty of blame to go 'round.  All the photos of lynch mobs I've ever seen showed "working white men" standing around and beneath burned and/or beaten black corpses hanging from ropes around their necks.  The mobs were frequently organized and led by local cops and deputies.  Were they manipulated or even ordered to perpetrate their heinous deeds by the scions of white American "aristocracy"?  Certainly.  But their "white working" hands still had blood on them.  "I was just following orders" hasn't been been a viable excuse since Nuremberg--except in the US.  Only today they say "I felt threatened", or "he looked like he was reaching for something" instead.
Armed standoffs at national parks?  Gun violence and murder perpetrated by right wing extremists?  Killing of  physicians who perform abortion and intimidation of women entering abortion clinics?  Killing of unarmed blacks?  These are just a few examples of violence on the right and if you ad up the death toll they are winning.  After all, they generally have more guns.
Sorry, Terre: Richards' stats are correct.   But some clarification is needed for yours.  First, please cite them.  Secondly, you have an interesting way of interpreting your figures.  ~71% of blacks are now raised by a single parent. That is woefully small. You can't and won't "*statistics*" your way out of the fact that the vast majority of how blacks are raised in this country is broken, and if you speciously think that a black man dropping by once a month to see their child is tantamount to *"being active in their children's lives,"* then you are regrettably mistaken.  It is far easier for social justice warriors to tell whites *they* are the problem when nothing could be further from the truth.  Segregation has been over for 60 years- it is time for the black community to ask itself who their new *Heroes* are, and stop blaming others for the choices they make.
Gary, I will grant you some of that. On the other hand, the plight of the black family has only worsened since the civil rights laws of the mid-1960s. I would posit that it is the very meddling of the federal government that has had the deleterious effect of driving husbands and fathers out of black families and into prisons. That is one sad example of the unjustifiable overreach of the government.
Pretty funny Trump calling the kettle black. I guess you Trumpsters  forget how he said last week that he would always have THE BEST TV RATINGS  for the show called  THE APPRENTICE  you guys voted in a carnival barker and your to uneducated to recognize it
That's 'Hajji' to you.  Only my mom has permission to call me 'Freddy' and she doesn't.  Yeah, I have a little understanding of the issue, as my own children and grandchildren are of 'mixed-race', to use an antiquated and inaccurate term--'race' has no biological validity with respect to Homo sapiens.  My offspring are of African-American, Syrian Arab, Fijian, Puerto Rican, Spaniard, Welsh, Scottish, French, German, English and (allegedly) Choctaw and Malagasy heritage.  When my son was born (I was in the delivery room for my children's births) I wrote 'human' in the little blocks where it said "race of father" and "race of mother".  As I was in the military at the time they made me change it.  And years later when my son was pulled over by the Oakland PD and assaulted because he looked to be the 'wrong color' to be driving a Corvette, they treated him as 'black'.  I'd say my family has more experience in this reality than does yours, or you wouldn't have said what you did.  Khalas.
Get a clue, sister.  The great, great majority of whites are not as you allege, and your saying that they are simply leads to resentment, and in the end, results in tuning you out because of all your excessiveness.  If you want to be heard, stop talking racist BS and start telling the truth.  BTW, if my head were in the sand, I would not have supported those who protested against neo-Nazis and white supremacists in Charlotte, nor supported the removal of Confederate monuments.  David Blight says much that's true, but he omits significant truths as well.  He omits discussion of the level of hate among blacks towards whites.  If you think that doesn't exist in large measure, YOUR head is in the sand.
Perhaps "(Obama) was, as one person put it at a local chapter meeting, “incomprehensible” and a sign that the world that they knew was falling apart."  They were shocked that we got a black president which was everything they had hoped would never happen in their lifetime and a desire to re-assert white male heterosexual dominance. The Resistance doesn't have that unifying mindset. Instead, it has diversity which inevitably leads to a difference of opinions and goals.
Why start this in Alabama when he was ostensibly down there to campaign for Strange?  Strange loses and all of a sudden Trump is deleting the three tweets in which he bragged about how much his presence in Alabama had sent Strange's poll ratings on a surge.  Strange loses, surging poll tweets are gone. This little ditty illuminates Trump's real issues just as much as his comments on kneeling NFL players.  Trump is about his ratings, always his ratings.  It doesn't take deep dark conspiracies to figure out Trump will play to his base and that he thinks losing his base is tantamount to losing everything. Unfortunately, his base includes lots of entitled white males so confederate flags next to the US flag is perfectly fine, kneeling black football players protesting police targeting is not.
See: http://townhall.com/columnists/thomassowell/2016/09/27/favors-to-blacks-n2223691   "One of these "favors" was the welfare state. A vastly expanded welfare state in the 1960s destroyed the black family, which had survived centuries of slavery and generations of racial oppression.  In 1960, before this expansion of the welfare state, 22 percent of black children were raised with only one parent. By 1985, 67 percent of black children were raised with either one parent or no parent."
No, Mr. Trump is not diverse. A single individual can't be diverse. Diversity is about collections or groups of people, the more diverse when they include more genders, types, backgrounds, ages, etc., and the less diverse when they are more uniform in the same factors.   And I'll help you out with why the "honor diversity" crowd doesn't like Trump. I honor diversity and I really object to what Mr. Trump has said in public about Mexicans, Muslims, women, blacks, handicapped, and so on. I don't hate him, but I do seriously object to his candidacy for president of this country. I can't speak for others.   Furthermore, hating an individual can't be bigotry. Bigotry is about hating groups and collections of people for their characteristics, gender, background, color, religion, preferences, age, etc. Disliking a person, even hating that person, for what he or she says, believes, or does, rather than that person's classification, is not bigotry.
Jaybe:  how do you get 'put into the correctional system' is you are not convicted of an offence?  Last time I checked, you had to have had your day in court, be found guilty or plead guilty and be sentenced.   Are you suggesting that non-black drug dealers and those possessing illegal firearms aren't in jail as well?  What is simplistic about that?
Weak apologist article.  Anti-Trump protests have already begun on the mainland signaling a permanent change in American politics where opposition to a president-elect is the new normal.  Eight years ago, Barack Obama was put on notice by Republicans in Congress because he was Black.  Today people protest a demagogue.
Mr. Orwin fails to mention that may of these monuments were erected in the 60s as  reminder to "black folks"to stay in their place. How can you argue that those ones have anything to do with the civil war?  I suspect preserving them in museums where context can be made is the best solution.
Discrimination against the Irish immigrants stopped when they learned to fear and hate black people. That made them white instead of Irish immigrants. Read about the 1863 race riots in New York. They lynched 29 black people over the draft. They didn't want to die to liberate black slaves.
The terror has always been here, ask the indigenous tribes, Blacks, Asians, Muslims. As has the racism, homophobia, inequality. Unfortunately we have presidential candidates who only perpetuate the myths and the prospect for violence except for Dr. Jill Stein, Green Party, and BERNIE Sanders. What has happened is tragic. As a mother, grandmother, I grieve for our AMERICA that doesn't value respect human life.
It's not all Trump's jealousy and spite. A good portion of Republicans still can't stand the idea of a black president.
If you're going to celebrate or march for "free speech" and you find yourself beside a white person decked out in helmet, a mask and body armour or a black person wearing a bandana like a stage coach robber from a Hop A Long Cassidy Western...perhaps consider that their picture is worth a 1000 words and get the hell out of there and in part probably because whatever side of the political/racial fence they are on...the ability to converse intelligently whilst maintaining their cool is not part of their repertoire and so sooner or later they will revert to an outpouring of frustration that becomes ever more physical and perhaps offensive or destructive because they lack the ability to present their argument in the free speech they end up "fighting" for!  Methinks from the reports I've read so far and the brief glimpses I've taken of CNN, that the "right" may have suckered those to their "left" in Boston today and perhaps America's answer lies at the ballot box in 2018 and 2020!
Funny, when my son was little, a white woman on a bus on which we were traveling asked me what his mother was.  When I said she was 'black', she demanded with considerable venom 'what are you doing with a black child?'  To which my only answer was, 'I'm his father.'  Late last year had the same question put to me by another (white) stranger when I took my four year-old grandson, who's a little more obviously black than is my son, to visit relatives.  My answer this time was, 'I'm his grandpa.'
Agreed. Most progressives I know would be ecstatic if the black bloc (agent provocateurs?) would stop showing up at these things.    They don't represent us.    When it comes to right wing violence, many moderate Republican condemn it, but not enough.    And many right wingers lined up behind Trump despite being adored by white supremacists, which constitute the biggest threat via terrorism in this country.
Wow, you really don't get it at all. Most of the history we're taught in schools IS "white history", very little about anyone else unless one searches for it. However, it's really nice that you celebrate Black History month...I think...depends on how...
The leaders and those who organize the protest under the banner of Black Lives Matters have clearly one objective which is meant to be as racially divisive as possible.  The chants , slogans, signage shows clearly the racial divisiveness intended. However, it should be noted not every individual who attends the protest organized by BLM are willfully minded to be racially divisive, rather they seek a rightful justice system that up holds the law for everyone.
It's one thing to consider yourself a junior American but at the very least there should be some indication, subtle if it must be or even some sort of code, to let readers know that you are in fact a Canadian. An editor of Canada's national newspaper no less. In reality this is not as black and white as you think it is and you have no knowledge of the nuances involved. The politics. The demographics. The key people involved and their agendas other than the current noble fight against racism.
The assumption here is that the US is a country governed by the people for the people.  The government, nationally,  is led by the representatives of the rich and powerful for the rich and powerful. It is to their advantage to have jobs shipped overseas, as that increases the investment portfolio. It is to their advantage to have business be the defacto government, and business just cares about its owners. Democracy isn't all that relevant to business, nor is the shortened life spans of the very poor.  Color the skins of the very poor black, and imagine us in 1930 Mississippi. That is America's reality. In truth, if the politicians were mandated to have the same housing, education, and medical as the poor, homelessness would disappear in months.  Democracy died during the 60's, when those bullets tore apart JFK, RFK, MLK JR. We don't vote for much of consequence, as business runs the engine of America and business is pretty much immune to the voting booth.  Hugh Massengill, Eugene
Are you saying Trump's idea of the First Amendment is the same as Black Lives Matter and is the same as granted on a number of college campuses?
Neither HIllary nor Trump are perfect and there are black people and women who like Trump. These types of arguments are useless because it won't go anywhere. You can come up with just as many examples for ANY world leader. We should figure out how to work together rather than trying to shoot down other people's opinions.
There's still a major trust deficit with millions of black voters. There are many people that I've spoken to that are disillusioned with the ANC, are suspicious of the EFF, and really don't trust the DA. The DA is winning black votes but has to *double* it's numbers to get a majority. There are no more white voters for it. It's demographics.  So yeah, if they lose a few white voters, but actually gain the trust of more black voters, they have a chance. But Zille loses *potential*, on-the-fence, young black voters who are looking for a new political home whenever she tweets about how awesome colonialism was because plumbing.  And that's what makes me mad. So she puts her party in a difficult position of having to make a decision about what to do about the woman who made them a real opposition, but now seems determined to slow those gains. Whites don't get to praise Colonialism. We told our story for centuries. Now we listen.
Well, you don't need to tell this to Judge Mabel Jansen at least! Pity she can't say anything about it without losing her job because she must be racist to say that. Now along comes a black lady....... but wait, she's Zimbabwean so she doesn't count either, right? Talk about speaking with a forked tongue!
It might be irrelevant to you, but to black people who are getting killed by police at a rate of 600% over white people, it might be relevant.   We are all created equal but somehow its not equal.  This is what the president should be working on.
No, this is what happens when people fail to follow the directions of law enforcement. Everyone of these black men that has been shot resisted arrest and most of them had long rap sheets. The liberals in this country have allowed people the right to do what ever they want with no rules and always blaming someone else for their short comings. This country was founded on Godly principles with rules like "Do unto others as you have have them do to you". Now it's do whatever I want and who cares about who I bother, hurt, cut off in traffic, blow fireworks off for 3 days straight....
Here is the surprising piece, she is a math professor and states that blacks are underrepresented but thats not consistent with the math. According to the census African Americans make up around 17% of the population, thus mathematically would be represented by 17% in academia.  This professor has confused her political positions with simple math.
Do you have a problem with critical thinking?  wait dont respond the answer is obvious.  No one said anything about it being ok.  you probably think that these rare and tragic deaths are worse than black on black violence.  Chicago 2016:  one city one year - 4098 people shot. 738 dead.  you are racist.
Not sure if America is just a contradiction, a case study in hypocrisy, or just backward/unevolved, or all of the above.  How many countries have or have had female leaders again?   Even on the African continent for gripes sake, which we N-Americans like to describe as '3rd world' at worst and 'developing' at best.  It was shocking to me to hear white and black women actually say out loud that a woman couldnt be president because of her 'hormones' (apparently men dont have any of these) or just because she was 'female'.
How is it that you assume the election of a Black man is supposed to be anti-Trump?  That is a racist statement. You should be ashamed.
Dumb the curriculum down?  Live in a bubble?  Forget the world around us?   Might be a good plan for retirement.  Not so much for young minds in this fast changing and technology driven world.    The world needs EDUCATED PEOPLE to move civilization forward!  Biologists, doctors, technicians, meteorologists, engineers, IT professionals, accountants, statisticians, all manner of scientists ...the next generation of teachers!  I'm all for a liberal arts education...when it's coupled with some type of STEM.    Add ethno-centric ELECTIVES along these lines if it's that important. When I need someone to install plumbing, wire a house, fix a car, fix a computer, fix a broken bone, or fly me somewhere, it won't be a philosopher, indigenous studies, women studies, gay studies, black studies, bible studies, or sociology major I'll be seeking for competent work.
GBLM = Gay Black Lives Matter has a place in Pride Parade?  or LGBT-BLM   but BLM ?  Why?
If you re-read the post and  the link, you would notice that the slaves there were Black African slaves.   I repeat my post:  "The Danish-Norwegian slave trade brought approximately 100.000 Africans to the New World as slaves."  Actually Saint Patrick was supposed to have been a slave of the Irish.    " In the early 5th century the Romano-Briton Saint Patrick was captured by Irish raiders and taken as a slave to Ireland. St. Brigit, a patron saint of Ireland, was herself the daughter of Brocca, a Christian Brythonic Pict and slave in Ireland who had been baptised by Saint Patrick. Early Irish law makes numerous reference to slaves and semi-free sencléithe."  "From the 9th to the 12th century Dublin in particular was a major slave trading center which led to an increase in slavery."  "According to the Domesday Book census, over 10% of England's population in 1086 were slaves."
The pope taught that we should uphold discrimination and treat women far less than he wished to be treated himself.  This breaks Christ's commandment to treat all the same as we wish to be treated and serves the cause of hate not love.  So yes to your question on this issue Pope Francis preached hatred.    Pope Francis has free will Tridentinus so he can sin and preach hatred.  He should not ever but he is allowing his human weakness of sexism to effect his preaching.  I find this very sad too.   Those 7 people are not believers that the pope can say whatever he wants and be righteous because he is the pope.  If the pope said all black men should not be ordained because he didn't feel God made black men for priesthood would you support such a statement?  Sexism and Racism equally attack the human dignity of their targets.
The fact is that for LGBT couples who choose to marry, it has nothing to do with the Catholic Church.  Those couples, and the vast majority of those communities, including those who may have been raised as Catholics, have long since left the Church.  Why wouldn't they?  It's just like with African-American Catholics in this country, we never did retain a decent number of black members.  Same-sex marriage is a civil matter, and LGBT couples are really just fine that it has no connection to any Church, particularly the RC and Orthodox.  So, it seems your points are moot, TomQuinn.
No, they still haven't got the money back.    I don't think I can put a link but Google:  Black Liberation Collective stages protest against UTSU, calls for boycott.   The part about the lawsuit is at the bottom of the page.
The club was a white gentrifier in an old established African American neighborhood, no different than whatever "white" business follows it.  They can't mask that fact  by complaining about "the money" interests chasing them away.
Yes, a great example is the false claim recently made by John Kelly that most people in America had supported slavery before the civil war.  Inexplicably, his statistic excluded the opinions of black people.  Most people in America did oppose slavery if you counted everybody.
Several commentators have noted that the term white minority capital is used to distract us from other issues. There are two things which I find interesting about this. Firstly, it is able to distract us because it gains substance from the very real problems of inequality and centres of unaccountable power, and of course, the oppression that white people visited on black people during apartheid. In being derived from real problems, it's easy to see how this could resonoate powerfully with those who experience the problem.  The second thing is that the term doesn't merely distract us. It creates an enemy. Thus valid discontent is directed at white people who are now the enemy. Or rather the enemy again. In other words the way that it distracts us is by having us fighting with each other instead of focusing our energy on those who would systematically loot our country to the detriment of us all.
"You have been allowed to immigrate to Canada..." I did not know this.  All black people have recently immigrated to Canada and all white people have not.  Sometimes there generalizations, like 80% of your points above, that should not be made. Me thinks using the "Visible Minority' card is necessary and appropriate some times.
Was the term black tribalism the correct way to describe  that 98% of African-Americans voted for President Obama ?  Should you be worried that they have been programmed to vote only one way and need a deprogramming to help them think rationally?
Jefferson spoke eloquently on nullification.The "gummint" doesn't always get it right. Nor do judges. Northern states, SHERIFFS, and citizens refused to honor or participate in actions with respect to the Fugitive Slave Act.Juries do it all the time.So do law enforcement officers.Do you actually think that ALL laws are good?ALL laws should be obeyed?If I respond to a bank robbery, and am told the suspect is black-do you actually think I'll be pulling over white, asian and hispanics?What the left sees as "profiling" in a bad sense, is nothing more than expending your time, money and effort addressing the actual problem,without all the "political correctness" crap.  Hmm, huge problem with illegals from Central and South America,let's see,I know!!!! Let's stop WHITE PEOPLE this week!  And NEXT week, we'll stop ASIANS! You put your resources where the problems are.To do otherwise is not only ignorant, but wasteful.  Trump did EXACTLY the right thing, for the right reason!
"white privilege" lol, And the leader of the free world is... wait for it...... black.
The truth of the matter is closer to Trump being so incensed with Obama, a Black man, as president he reached out to Putin even before he made his presidential candidacy announcement. And the two have been working together ever since. It'll all come out.
May we please see a list of black people shot by police in Canada. Waiting........Waiting.........Please close down or move to the US where this sort of divisive activism at least has some merit.
“In response to these statistics, critics of police reform — often political conservatives and police unions — typically argue that the reason more black men and women are shot and killed by police is that black Americans commit more violent crime.... it is true that a disproportionate amount of murders and other violent crimes are committed by black Americans.  Despite these arguments, police reform advocates and researchers as well at The Post’s own analysis has consistently concluded that there is no correlation between violent crime and who is killed by police officers. A 2015 study by a University of California at Davis researcher concluded there was “no relationship” between crime rates by race and racial bias in police killings.”  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.4e3697865bd1
Mainstream Christian churches openly and totally denounce groups like the KKK, and they welcome  people of all races. Unfortunately with the recent trend in anti-white rhetoric, especially against white males,  I wouldn't be surprised if there is some increased interest in retaliation by some with no moral foundation. When President Obama was elected I thought that at least it would help racial relations, and young black children would see that anything is within their reach. Unfortunately, under Obama it was the complete opposite. Race issues seemed much better in the 80s and 90s, now we've done a complete turnaround. Very sad.
It was soldiers from a segregated black battalion who built the Tok Cutoff, a mammoth undertaking crossing rivers and through sloughs in the dead of winter where it gets far colder than in Anchorage. An old timer from Mentasta told me, 25 years ago, that the first "white" man he ever saw was black.  Eastman's racism is simply astounding.
Our first black president....costing tax payers far more than anyone can imagine.
How would you classify it?  Black supremacist?
I love how the media chirps about the negative aspects of racism, then go on and on about what race someone is.  How does that help in this situation?  What can we do about it?  Take every black person and do what?  We're people.  Plain and simple.  Maybe root cause has nothing to do with race but more with environment/situation.  We're not going to change a person's skin color.  But, if we identify root cause, maybe we can address that and improve numbers overall.
I personally like it ... get to hear first hand from a guy who can’t bite his tongue .. It’s very entertaining and let’s face it most media new outlets today really are pretty bad and fake stories and half of them always write about fake white privilage and they tell you about the white guy who killed one person but won’t right about the Muslim or black guy who killed a few people . Their are really only 1 or 2 media news outlets that actually report news without bias or false narrative to fit theeir own agenda.. Not saying trump is honest just saying reading the news today in most case I might as well just watch Disney movies
The baker discriminated against the gay people which is illegal in Colorado. It is the same as refusing to serve a black person or an elederly person.
"These folks keep yammering about how white they are."  Yeah.  Kinda' like BLM and black pride and whatnot, doncha' think?  I mean, who cares what color a person's skin is?  I don't.
garycrum - Clearly, the country has been divided for some time now.  Some perspective on presidential racism....  In their first terms,   Bush got 55% of the white vote,  Obama got 43% of the white vote. Bush got 9% of the black vote,  Obama got 95% of the black vote.  Which would you say is more "racist"?   Did I mention that Obama is half white?   Have a great day.
Interesting that you reference "the right thing to do". The "the right thing to do" would be to educate the police so as to not shoot unarmed black civilians, oftentimes in the back, for simple infractions like traffic violations. Or maybe if the sentencing terms for minorities convicted of the same crimes as whites were more even. If those things were occurring, I would imagine the need to protest social inequality would disappear. Again, you are losing sight of the base issue. But I suspect you are in denial anyway. Much easier to pivot to patriotism, or your perceived affront to patriotism.
It's amazing how easily folks are mislead. Trump seems to be the only one speaking truth. Ugly, but true. How on earth can it be ok for people to protest free speech, no matter how deplorable the topic, and ok for their presence to incite violence, but not ok for Trump to point this out?  It's media coverage like this, and reactions of people to that media coverage, that makes so much of what the Trump campaign was all about seem, well, also true. You people don't ask any questions, you see a clip and run with it like it's the only possible truth.  And the logical fallacies in the criticism of Trump are staggering. He defends free speech and freedom of association = he's a white supremacist? Really? And...that's it, simple, black and white?  I'm no right winger and am myself an immigrant, but to pretend that there isn't a terrible media bias against Trump, and to pretend that this bias isn't pretty much treasonous, is to fool yourself.
"Wendell Pierce, the black actor and star of the show 'the wire' , a fervent Hillary Clinton supporter, was arrested over the weekend, after he got upset with a woman he was talking to declared her support for Bernie Sanders. He then pushed the woman's boyfriend, and then grabbed her by the hair and repeatedly struck her in the head."....
When deciding whether statues of Robert E Lee and others who led - and championed - the Confederate cause deserve display in the most prominent locations in some US cities, context is indeed useful.   Here is an account of a slave auction in Montgomery, AL by a Times of London reporter on May 5, 1861:  'The auctioneer...had his 'article' beside him...a stout young Negro, badly dressed and ill-shod, who stood with all his goods fastened in a small bundle in his hand, looking out at the small and listless gathering of men who had moved from the shady side of the street as they saw the man put up.  "A prime field hand! Just look at him - good natured, well tempered, no marks....only $950 for him! Why it's quite ridiculous! $950!"  The price rose to $1000...the auctioneer, the Negro, and his buyer...walked off to settle the transaction, and the crowd moved away.  "That n*gger went cheap", said one of them to a companion. "Yes sir, n*ggers is cheap now - that's a fact!" '  God have mercy.
U.S. Department of Justice, Fact: I Told Geico (many moons ago), “if y’all really want to save lots and lots of lives and money then 1) install speed cameras on all parkways and all expressways so accidents don’t happen 2) set speed-limiters in all (new + old) motor vehicles to 75 mph 3) start pulling the data from all motor vehicles’ black boxes when accidents do happen 4(e!) install breathalyzers! in all (new + old) motor vehicles”
Lately??? I guess we should forget about that little unpleasantness in the 1930's and 40's with the Jews or the Blacks in the 60's with the Democrats in the South.
I think I know where Rep Eastman is coming from in that everyone who worked on the Alaska Highway should be honored, but the truth of it was for a very long time the contributions of the black soldiers working on the highway and the discrimination they faced while doing this incredibly difficult task was ignored. The resolution was in some very small way an attempt to make up for this unfairness. I'm afraid he is wrong on this and not acknowledging the hard realities of the time.
More news outlets are deleting their commentary sites; the great liberal bastion the Toronto Star and CNN dropped theirs ages ago as they could not take criticism. Other outlets increasingly  only allow comments on safe topics. Others censor or ban anyone who upsets the apple cart by talking about sacred cows or elephants in the room: such as homosexuals and aids, or black crime, or overpaid civil servants,  Canadian Jews and Israel, or anything deemed politically incorrect. Of course it is okay to bash white Anglo saxon men or Muslims. But it is not okay to point out the  striking similarities between Orthodox Jews and Muslims and how they treat their women, or how a lot of Muslim men chase Christian and Jewish girls but we cant go near their girls. And it is not okay to talk about how only lower middle class Christian boys fight and die for Canada in te middle east wars while so many others hide out in elite schools. I wish some academics would address these issues objectively.
The only thing I want to say is to urge black Advocates Dali Mpofu and Tembeka Ngcukaitobi to join the mooted court case as friends of the court. Amici curiae. Only so that they can ensure that legal costs will not be borne by the tired taxpayer.
I think we the fans need to start a national campaign on social media asking the best high school players to come to Oregon and help make Willie Taggart the first black coach to win a national championship... Coach T said this is his dream and Duck fans can help make that happen.
"Sin" is irrelevant in the eyes of the law and the courts. But, regarding your basic point, this is no different than a case on TV news several years back of a black woman making a tentative agreement over the phone to rent an apartment. The moment she met the apartment manager in person, the manager took one look at her and said the apartment was no longer available. The "for rent" sign in front of the building was still there days later. In both cases, the discrimination is literally superficial. The baker is so concerned about the alleged sin of gay couples, but accepts straight couples at face value. This isn't about "sin", it's about discrimination.
I thought Bill Clinton was the first Black President. How soon we forget.
Trayvon Martin did cause his own death. You should really read the testimony from the trial. Martin did not run away from Zimmerman. In fact, Zimmerman had stopped following him when Martin attacked him from behind. All evidence pointed that out, and eyewitnesses verified it. Seriously, don't make stupid comments when you have no idea what you're talking about. The fact is BLM is all based on lies. Cops shoot more whites than blacks, by at least twice as much, while blacks commit half of all murders. BTW, their victims are also black. You have approximately 5% of the US population committing half of all murders in the US. That would be black males, in case you can't figure it out. SMH
You write -- "...acknowledgement of the underlying factors that influence these kinds of behaviours, such as anti-sociality and negative beliefs about women. Access to a sexualized object won’t have the capacity to affect a pro-social, empathic person in this way."  Just wondering how you'd respond if we had an entire market of black-skinned robots that people could use as slaves in their homes.  Would you surmise that in general, this sort of product would have no negative effects on society as a whole?  Afterall, there'd be plenty of people like me - "pro-social, empathetic" - who would in no way want a black-skinned robot slave.  I guess you'd be OK with it because nice people like me wouldn't want one?  Broken logic.
I think unconscious bias is the desire to think that we achieved our status in society because of our innate abilities rather than, in part, based on the subtle advantages we were provided by the colour of our skin.  It's easier to think that certain races, or communities, like black or aboriginal, are somehow innately inferior and destined to fail, than it is to realize that white society in North America is, for the most part, unwilling to give up its status and level the playing field.
You might want to take a look in the mirror, because you are clearly prejudiced against white people. I cant really fault you for it though because its natural to group individuals based on your personal experience, what you've been taught or what you've seen in the media; and its likely you've had negative experiences with white males. You focus on the small fraction of whites who are serial killers or pedophiles, like a redneck might focus on the small percentage of blacks who are gang members, but get lots of media attention. At least we can both agree that Roof deserves the chair.
"And tension did exist when that high school is going up against a predominantly black populated high school."--Weld Central is 38 percent Hispanic; Manual is 29 percent African-American and 61 percent Hispanic.  Manual is not a predominantly black-populated high school.  Your rhetorical questions are just conjecture because you want them to be true, not because you have any proof.
The violence happens from the illegality, just like the Italian mob during prohibition. Just look at the history of Chicago if you have any doubt. People get prosecuted because they don't rat out their supply chain because the people requesting testimony are identified with segregation, which is still enforced in Chicago. Try being black in the wrong place there.
Here's another story that doesn't get told - white male works, suffers and bleeds to enslave or conquer millions and force them into a world that white men have built for themselves to enjoy at the expense of others. What you say is taken for granted is something that many blacks, first nations and Asians would have been more than willing to eschew 300 years ago and even today. No choice was given, I don't believe white ppl should be sorry of feel bad but they should definitely give a care about equity for everyone else. It's sheer entitlement, laziness and a lack of empathy that makes many of the privileged white men on here show no interest in helping minorities, women and young people.  All forms of work are not equal - a slave or second-class citizen's work will always be more and worse.
It's the Black Lives Matter activists (a species of Islamic Black Power movement of the 1960s), within the administration, who are spear-heading this  survey.  It's their modus operandi.  I just got shut out of a TDSB continued ed course (beginner Spanish) by a rude intake agent (black); the other applicants  were even older but white Caucasian --  and they received tender loving care.  Obviously they're trying to limit the number of Asian-looking students in order to facilitate enrolment of others, preferably white.   The Continuing Ed programs raise much needed $$$ from fee-paying students.
Wait, the protest was about shooting unarmed black men. Now it's any shooting by an officer? Even justified? If not, why even cite numbers not relevant to these protests?  What on Earth does mass killings have to do with unfair treatment by police?   You're all over the place.
He would of got life if he was black. He intentionally ran his car through the crowd which means he intentionally wanted to create bodily harm which result in a death of a human being. Sounds like Agravated Murder to me.
Uh, a lot of indigeneous people served.  And were treated just as bad if not worse than the black soldiers that served once they got back homw.
I feel very much a part of Boise's black lesbian community. But that doesn't make it so. Feelings don't matter. I didnt attack anybody or anything. If you've been attacked in the past, it's probably because you lie and take on your holier-than-thou attitude. Wrap your arms around reality sometime.
As far as what color, I reckon on the Negro to Mulato spectrum, the individual in the picture is probably closer to Beyonce than to say Michelle Obama.
There should be no assumption at all my friend.    The same could be said of those who assume all victims are criminals deserving of an on the spot death penalty.      So how may people living in Eugene, who criticize the  Black Lives Matter say, really have any sense of regret about black deaths in Chicago?   Serious, one tear shed for the black lives lost daily to violence.    One ounce of compassion or even consideration that GOOD people live in these neighborhoods,  That nation should be ashamed of these death rates and the racial imbalance in terms or risk for those that live in those neighborhoods.    I'm stopping there, I'm getting very angry.   I know for a fact that several writers care nothing about the welfare of the innocent in these neighborhoods.  How many little black girls have been murdered or kidnapped, die in gun fight, die of  preventable illness.     I'm most definitely NOT talking about you Motley, but the room has a few pointy hats.
So Ranger, when the subject of cops killing unarmed non-threatening black people is being discussed; why does one bring up black on black murder, when it's the same for white on white murder.  Police are paid by tax dollars to serve and protect the public at large. Race, creed, color is not something of value or to consider when a police officers tasked to defend the public. They have a sworn duty to uphold the law, period. Accountability and equal treatment is all the people are asking for, that is it.
Maybe Black men should quit killing black men, that would help cut down the numbers a bit don't you think. It's a FACT that black on black killings is the leading cause of death of young black men.
Fish:  Have you always been into word  play and semantics????    Your mentality and reasoning is almost exactly like when a Black guy or anybody gets stopped in his car, the officers pull him out of the car and start searching his pockets, and low and behold, they pull out a big bag of Meth.  The Black guy or whoever   says, Officer, thats not MY Meth, I do not know how that got in that pocket.  These are my  roommates jeans, its his METH..........That METH did not make me speed.  I did not break any LAW officer..  GEEEEEEEEEZZZZZZ...............
Nuance black and white choices?  Thank you for today's oxymoron.
America has never ended the endemic hatred of black people that came with slavery.  The Obama's being in the White House has shown the blatant racism that has remained just under the surface since the Voting Rights Bill passed Congress.  Republicans have dug in and refused to work with Obama in the recovery from the 2008 crash.  The horrible treatment of black men by local police departments have continued this myth that black people are not human.  The reaction to the murder of Dr. King resulted in frustration by some in the black community and cities burned.  Dallas is another reaction to this blatant disrespect and murder of black men.  The incarceration of black people in our corrections institutions continues this slavery mentality.  It is going to take some serious dialogue by white and black citizens and a mutual trust to end the systemic segregation of the races and horrible discrimination that contributes to the abject poverty and separation of our cultures.  Time for change.
I'm convinced that what was stolen is a fraction of what is being stolen today. Do the blacks really hate the whites that much that they don't want to see what their leaders and people are doing just because they are excused because they are black? Do they really hate the whites that much that they would allow their leaders to destroy South Africa as long ate they get back at the whites? It seems so.
My first, second and thirty-fourth reaction to Charles is that he is racist.  His continued whining about white discrimination even when I have pointed out the success of people like Gen. Colin Powell, Dr. Ben Carson and others in several responses strengthens that reaction almost every day and almost every post. He continues to bleat that no black person can be successful or ever has been because of white privilege.  The conclusion?  His success must be due to something else.  1st Re-post
How many times has "treason" been used, compared to the "racist" label?  Sounds more like playing the "racist" card to silence the opposition. Benito M, & his Black Shirts would be proud.
Continuing institutional racism is a documented fact of life in the US. Your ignorance of it is irrelevant. Social scientists have dedicated their careers to studying and documenting it and the fact that Obama is the president or that there are Black doctors does not alter the fact that de facto institutional racism remains a problem in the United States today.  Although I assume people like you Michael3 spend little to no time reading published studies, many other Americans including white people like me do read them and possess the capacity to understand the implications. America will have to make progress on racial inequality despite the ignorance and malignant intentions of some white people. http://cepa.stanford.edu/content/patterns-and-trends-racialethnic-and-socioeconomic-academic-achievement-gaps-1
Interesting that Black athletes aren't protesting the killing of Blacks by other Blacks. The players are being used as political pundits.
You guys in your fervor to defend and justify white supremacy in the "culture and heritage" of the South always forget one thing: black Americans live and lived in the South, too. Black people are invisible to you.   The day black Americans are also considered part of your "family" will be the day we can finally heal our wounds as a country. Obviously that day isn't here yet. The modern right wing:  still kicking against Reconstruction.
Johnny Cash Family Tells Nazis: Don't Wear 'Man In Black' T-Shirts A message from the children of Johnny Cash:  We were alerted to a video of a young man in Charlottesville, a self-proclaimed neo-Nazi, spewing hatred and bile.   He was wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the name of Johnny Cash, our father.    We were sickened by the association.
Wait a minute. I thought conservatives considered opposition to white supremacy to be dangerous, violent and destructive, as much of a threat bad  as fascism and Nazis.   There was even a petition to have the Antifa declared a terrorist group, and it's long been a article of faith among conservatives that Black Lives Matter is much more dangerous than the indiscriminate police murders of black folks they protest.  Which is it GBA? Are anti-racists effete "snowflakes" or thuggish terrorists? Get your talking points straight. or someone might think that conservatism is a  mishmash of contradictory and vacillating positions.
How does illegal immigration help blacks in poverty?  The mayor and the city council make economic opportunity for blacks a platform issue.  I would like to know how this helps with employment, affordable housing, social services budgets, etc.
The mantra of 'Be patient, eventually you'll get what you want' is a favorite of those who have power and like the status quo as it is, which they think of as 'as it should be'.   It was used against the quest for civil rights for Blacks, equal pay for women, and a better health insurance system.   Those who like things 'as they should be' must be given a powerful reason to comply with the law.
Correct. These players are not oppressed, but so was the whites during the Civil Rights Movement joining their black friends. BLM is a pretty unorganized group. Some cause trouble while others have BBQ with the police. You are also correct that there is a more black-on-black crime and it makes sense because they are a demographic with poverty problems. I will not deny that the "Hand up, don't shoot!" line was a lie, but that doesn't change the fact that we have a race problem and a lot of police officers are doing morally questionable things. Don't think that I'm accusing most police officers as terrible people, I firmly believe that the vast majority of police officers in this great country are good people.
BLM's version of 'inclusive' is very exclusive. Next year kids, we'll learn how to indiscriminately be 'selective' about the groups BLM allows to participate in the Pride Parade. BLM is racism under a black veil.
'any american is free to seek the 'right kind' of work'.  yes, if you are white, you should have no problems.  but if the american is black, well, systemic racism works wonders to keep this particular group on the fringes receiving, if any, scant employment benefits.
John.  I'm glad you are willing to listen to folks who don't quite see things your way.  For starters, let's consider the notion of "rights" versus "privileges".    We all are aware that blacks, women, Catholics, Mormons, Native Americans  and others did not fully share in all citizen rights at the outset of the American Republic.  The Constitution has been modified or amended as time went on with the goal of providing equal rights for all.  Personhood, citizenship, the right to vote, the right to an attorney and so on.  That being said,  I find the phrase "white privilege"  to be racially offensive.  I will fight to defend the rights of others if their rights are denied, but I don't have to apologize or be considered "special" if I exercise the rights granted by the Constitution as amended.
Right.  I recall when I lived in San Diego back in the 1980s, that the popular trend among 'conservative' white folks was to screech and flail about all the 'teen pregnancies' among black and brown folks.  Then an enterprising researcher actually tallied the relevant numbers.  The highest rate of teen pregnancy was among Valhalla High School's nearly all-white student body in suburban east county.  They also accounted for the vast majority of the abortions.  So once again we see "...a beautiful theory sloppily murdered by one ugly little fact." (Thomas H. Huxley)
Equality is not right!    All black people in the US deserve an advantage over all others in the US.  It's called affirmative action and applies in education, hiring, promotion, housing and all aspects of living in this country.   All Hispanics in the US deserve to enter the US without complying with any of the requirements that any other racial or ethnic group must comply with to come here.  All Muslims must be allowed entry to the US because of their religious beliefs.  This pernicious concept of "equality", especially of opportunity,  must be stopped immediately!
94% of black women voted for Hillary.
I also take it from your story that you agree that one of the reasons for the existence for Black Lives Matter is that there is a viscous circle going on between the cops and blacks?  A circle I blame BOTH sides for.  I also hope that you agree that a more  inclusive name for Black Lives Matter is All Lives Matter?  After all, it is not just blacks that are having some of the problems that they are complaining about.
My ancestor signed the Constitution, but the fundamental principle of equality is a myth. Note women, Indians, Blacks were not included. The discrimination continues to today, just has expanded to others. We've always had great possibility but respect has been absent, beginning with toward the Indian tribes. Unfortunately greed has been the detriment to equality and justice, from the beginning to today.
Hard to miss the rhetorical delight of many writers@theGlobe (abetted by a cadre of “progressive” academe at masculinity-is-toxic.edu) in fanning the flames of 'male dread.' The n-word is used mainly as metonymy in Huckleberry Finn (=black slave); the book has become “toxic” for some because of its one famous use as metaphor (= inferior human). The same in reverse is the case with the way the m-word is deployed by 2 many feminists: powerful men are “garbage”; all men are powerful, by definition. Ergo…  It's imperative to take down "predators." Not so to suggest, even semi-equivocally, that “rejecting masculinity” is key to being "fully human." You rarely read anything in the Globe that takes women to task for their part in the "semiotics" at play in the ways men negotiate "the spaces between archaic ideals and modern reality." It's true that the Globe employs Maggie Wente, who pleads for balance in otherwise rancorous "conversatìons" but she’s equivalent of NYT  patsy David Brooks.
According to my advanced math teachers in college, 13% isn't "most."  I've never shot anyone, or even attempted to do so.  But I have prevented a couple of crimes by brandishing my weapon.  That's usually sufficient.  Both times, the aggressor was white.  That said, if someone were breaking into my home threatening to kill me and/or my family, I would become color-blind, and shoot to kill.  In my neighborhood, it would most likely be a white person.  The only black family I've had as neighbors in the past 30 years owned a successful small business and moved to a more expensive neighborhood.  I kidded him that when his "for sale" sign went up, the property values in the entire neighborhood shot up.  And yes, he laughed.
Reserve the right.  Sounds like black mail.
Sessions pursued and attempted to jail black voting-rights advocates for attempted voter fraud. This was not only a false charge, it was considered so egregious that he was sanctioned by a federal court for what was decided to be blantantly racist use of the law. Let's not cry for poor Jeff, who has moved quickly to institute JD rules that will jail more young black men for minor possession of drugs, a 1980s policy now roundly decried by even sane Republicans. It's clear that those who have prostrated themselves to trump will pay with their jobs and reputations at some point in his tenure, this is just Jeff's time to suffer.
Gerald, you just made my point. Most people assumed that ALCAN project was "all white" because the armed force did NOT intergrate until Truman issued an order or whatever they do, to make it an integrated armed force in 1948.  So, in 1942 it was due to the special circumstances of needing to finish the road that permission was given for the black engineers to be sent to work on the project.  Apparently, American Indians, Hispanics, and a few other racial groups OTHER than black were allowed to fight and serve along side the Caucasians.  American Indians are unique in that they have, per capita, served more than any other group in the armed forces since WWI. That is remarkable.
Unitarians are a fabulous lot, but why are they and the like minded churches so small? Even here in far-left Portland. And I'm voting for Bernie, just so you know. But as someone friendly to liberal religion I can say this, everyone bashing Jules or Imago on here is basically sounding like a single issue voter, and scarily given to group think. What if some people do think marriage is between a man and a woman? Big deal. You don't have to go to their church. (Interestingly, gays didn't seem too concerned about not being able to marry until fairly recently, but that's not my point) But to compare the fight for gay marriage to King's fight for racial justice is ludicrous. No one is better off, in any significant way, because the state of Oregon has approved their union. Blacks on the other hand, are vastly better off after the civil rights movement. By the way, no one is accusing the church or Jules of being anti-minority.
CBC also reports the senator...another winner appointed by 'ol helmet hair Harper...also groped and sexually harrassed his other staff....even a bit of fondling during prayer session..."the better to grope you my young lass".....also he showed no remorse says the senate committee...now Meredith is apparently dragging out the "youre all racists and anti-black" defense.... I read...he should have kept his pecker in his pants...whats that line from a film..."when their b*alls are full ...their brains are empty". But i say dont expel this horndog...leave him there with Senator Puffy, Queen Pamela of Wadena Lake, and Jay Brazeau.....Mr "Im not a sexual assaulter" as momentos...like climate change...of Harperist folly
The jury screwed up. Once Zimmerman charged Martin after being dropped, Zimmerman should have stayed down. Young black men are treated like enemy combatants by police and vigilantes rather than as someone in their custodial care. It is the police state mentality that needs changing and not just where black people are concerned. When the general will is not present, legislating morality results in police state action. It's a bad idea.
I a liberal and I'm not shocked that Mr. Wilson is black and Republican.  Time will tell if he's a Republican.  I hope he joins a bipartisan group to help overthrow the Republican majority.
I think many folks find racism more 'comfortable' because it's more of a 'neutral' term compared to white supremacy.  It allows those who have suffered least from its built-in inequities to dismiss it by arguing 'it applies equally to everyone', pretty much as you have done.  No it doesn't.  That's the way horrendous damage to millions of Americans gets overlooked.  John Ehrlichman had this to say about the 'war on drugs': "You want to know what this is really all about?  The Nixon White House had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people...We knew we couldn't make it illegal to be against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, WE COULD DISRUPT THOSE COMMUNITIES.  We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them...on the evening news.  Did we know we were lying about the drugs?  Of course we did."
Republicans did NOT "lynched, raped and otherwise victimized freed blacks".  It was CONSERVATIVES, who belonged to the Democratic party that did that.   Your party might have been conservative back then, but to deny that your party was the bad guys in that, is to deny responsibility.
Trump will win because of this disturbing nonsense on a national scale with the mainstream media.  Were not electing a Saint !  We're electing a person who can improve the economy and the jobs situation and one who will not push us into a war with Putin !   How about reporting the Tracey Martin claim of Hillary calling a black man the "N" word when Tracey was a chef for the Clinton's years ago in the White House ? That's right ! Tracey Martin reported that Hillary angrily called a black man the N word when she did'd get what she asked for. His accusation is just as credible as every woman attacking Trump but Mr. Martin gets no coverage? At least for now but this story will come out very very soon. And Hillary calling Robert Byrd her friend and mentor after his death. Robert Byrd was the KKK leader folks. Lets get real ADN !
Jeff,  Thanks for reminding us of the  terrible struggles black Americans and their allies had to through in some parts of our country just to get the basic right to vote.    And "even up here"  in Oregon   it was legal until the 1953 Public Accommodation Act to refuse service to minorities.  I know, I was there.             We need to remain vigilant as long as there are those who'd  like to drag us back to those "white-only" days, especially as they seem  to have found a "voice" for their resentments.     It's not a cliche to say "All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good folks to do nothing."
Here we go again.  Trying to make a mountain out of a molehill and turn the public on themselves.  The choices that will be given will be to support Lynch and be anti-American or support the flag and be a racist patriot.  Well, I'm neither.  I just happen to think sitting for the anthem is stupid and disrespectful but so are a lot of things.  Courtesy to the flag is just that, a courtesy.  If it were a law or something worth getting bent out of shape about, then hundreds in the stands who "forget" their hats or don't face the flag during the anthem would be kicked out.    Instead, people just shake their heads or maybe offer a gentle correction if the offender is not 12 beers in by the anthem.  I really think this is nothing more than a lame attempt by the media to create another black/white and left/right issue to further divide people against themselves.  It's what they did with Kaepernick and they will do again with Lynch.
That was the 1/3 black president.
hahahahaha, you got one part correct! Maybe if you (D)onkeys didn't commit serious felonies then you wouldn't be in jail to begin with! Thanks for confirming the facts! BTW, you don't end up in jail if you are innocent, that's not how our courts and jury system work.  Secondly, Americans are at a disadvantage as foreigners will work for less because of support for illegals by (D)onkey voters like you that are chipping away every year at those that just didn't make it to the top or get the best education. Look at the black communities in mainland America, today they're at the verge of complete implosion since millions of blacks lost jobs to millions of Mexicans with fake identities.
And yet you still missed the point.  Those athletes are aware of the stats.  They also know that blacks that kill other blacks tend to end up in jail.  Rogue cops don't.  See the difference?    Secondly, has Von MIller advocated violence being committed on those that are different?  Has Kaepernick?  Feel free to show us where either person, or Brandon Marshall, has done so.  Yes....that's how far off you are to understanding the point.
You know Pfari I happened to hear part of an interview on SAFM very recently with two academics (I think), both with the surname of Mkize. What I understood them to say, and which was really thought provoking and worrying, was that SA's history (too many buzzwords to mention) had so scarred "black people" (that was the grouping they considered) that there was no chance of "recovery or improvement" (I am paraphrasing) in any foreseeable future time frame, hence the "violence and destruction" (again, too many negative areas to detail).  They were of the opinion that this scarring was passed on down the generations, now almost without any additional trauma having to be inflicted and with little healing taking place. Hence where we find ourselves today?
I'm not the one making assumptions about adn motives I'm suggesting just as you that procedures have to be followed.  And AB had a record and hasn't  been a minor from sometime so why couldn't he be identified?  Because the rest were minors? Like I said even with you being a legal expert there are circumstances around each case that may not allow pertinent info to be released right when you think it should be given.  All I'm saying is there is no conspiracy by adn to protect black criminals which is what some commenters are suggesting.
The library can be a place for entertainment as well, as long as it's not obtrusive or disturbing like streaming porn easily can be termed as. Entertainment version: reading 50 Shades of Gray. Obtrusive: Watching porn, which can be easily viewed by passerby—including youth. That kind of entertainment really is more personal. This isn't a lock down on porn. It's just saying 'watch it on the internet at home if you want it.'   I see what you mean about determination of offense and danger. And you're right, that is what the 1st Amendment is about. However, it's gray. Both gun ownership and religion are directly protected by the Constitution—the first by the 2nd, the latter by the 1st. I know that's an argument  for porn as well, but whether porn counts as speech is gray, while a Muslim peacefully following their religion is starkly black and white: ' . . . make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or <i>prohibiting the free exercise thereof</i> . . .'
I think you are confused. Outsider says the Confederate monuments are for " aspects of their lives that are different from the ones you might identify with." My reply is that those statues are put up for the reason stated on their plaques, which identify them as leaders of the Confederacy, not as "nice guys" or "folks who treated their slaves kindly." You are right that we honor MLK for what he accomplished in bringing racial equality under the law to black people. Likewise those statues of Confederate leaders ar for what they "accomplished", a traitorous insurrection that killed hundreds of millions of people. We also know that most of those statues were put in public places decades after the Civil War, during the Jim Crow era of black disenfranchisement and thousands of lynchings. Those statues served their intended purpose, as a public threat to keep black people down and "in their place". So many people refuse to see their blunt purpose. Why do you suppose that is?
Nathan,  President-elect Trump is the final proof and ultimate personification of the concept of white (male) privilege; that is unless you can conceive of a black guy or a Latino being elected President of the United States without one day of public (or military) service of any kind, on any level, at any time. Or unless you can conceive of a black guy or a Latino being elected President of the United States who had been recorded bragging about how he can get away with grabbing women by their private parts and kissing them, etc.   Oh, I could go on, but it might somehow be considered uncivil to recite the facts. Nevertheless the point is that a professional sport, unlike even entrance into an Ivy League school, is as close to a meritocracy as there is in society.   Donald Trump couldn’t play cornerback in the NFL no matter how much bigoted reaction and resentment there is in society; but he could become President of the United States (which I predicted). What does that tell you?
Usually when a "black on black" crime happens the perp goes to jail (hence why so many blacks are in jail) That's not necessarily the case for a bad cop...he or she would need to be cold busted with the smoking gun literally or they would need to build a case over time before reaching the straw that breaks the camels back which means this person went YEARS violating peoples rights and person before anything significant was done about it.    Police brutality vs "black on black" crime are two separate issues.   Black people are AMERICANS too. People talk about Detroit and Chicago in a way that they may as well be talking about Syria and Afghanistan..it's THEIR PROBLEM and THEY need to fix it! The Black community seems to be the main one looked at like you need to solve your OWN problems before we can accept you. Unemployment crime drug abuse all those seem like AMERICAN SOCIETY problems to me... wanna know why blacks are kneeling? If we're not seen as americans then why salute the flag?
If he was expelled from the Senate he would file a Human Rights complaint based on the fact he is black. This would open up a can of worms. The girl 16 is white and he's black. Is this 1958 Georgia people would be saying. Move on and forget about it because the courts, media and human rights board will side with him.
"Hillary Clinton's advisers are privately worried that Trump's calls for his supporters to stand watch at polling places in cities such as Philadelphia for any hint of fraud will result in intimidation tactics that might threaten her supporters and suppress the votes of African-Americans and other minorities."  It's only okay if the left allows the black panthers to do that. lol
We don't need your divisive ploys any longer Hillary. In fact, if she really wanted to help bring this country together, she needs to go out and find out what common ground DEMS and GOPS have in one another instead of trying to widen the gap by focusing on what Just the DEMS want to do. Just another quick statement since on the subject of divisiveness: We can all agree that there is still racial disparity as well as female issues of equal rights, but, can we agree that until we can stop using "Black Lives Matter" or "Improve Women's Rights" and turn those into "ALL LIVES MATTER" and "ALL RIGHTS NEED TO BE EQUAL", we will continue down the path of division. Are we not all Americans? We've come a long way over the past few decades, and we have more to go, but please-LETS ALL WORK TOGETHER!
You are illinformed or purposely trying to misrepresent facts.  The narrative that white police are hunting unarmed black men is fallacious. In fact, last year The Washington Post put the number of unarmed black men killed by the police at 17, less than the number of blacks likely struck by lightning. Twenty-two unarmed whites were killed by the police...the point is that police killing of a suspect is rare, no matter the race of the suspect or the cop. And a police shooting of an unarmed black male is still more rare. https://townhall.com/columnists/larryelder/2017/09/28/the-national-anthem-protests--do-facts-matter-n2387546
the Armenia holocaust of 1 million Christians by peaceful muslims and that six million number has been officially revised by the Holocaust authorities themselves. Let's talk about the Jihad against Indians shall we, Koenard Elst in Negationism in India gives an estimate of 80 million Hindus killed in the total jihad against India and let's not forget why the Crusades happened! It was because of 400 years of islamic barbarism, Can we forget how Mohammed thanked the Jews who helped him in Medina? He killed them, chopped off their heads. Some prophet, killing God's chosen and those Nazi's weren't Christians! It is also estimated that Over 110 Million Blacks were killed by Islam. So Christians can hardly be considered the biggest mass murderers, it isn't any surprise who really are the biggest mass murderers in history, estimated at a whopping 250 million and that is muslims.
Wait till you eventually see a black guy try his luck, then real chaos.  Now you have Russians, Romanians, Mongolians all competing.
The world must be very confusing for you. You can't even get away with killing black people in church in the 21st century. Please don't kill any random strangers in your fear, anger, and frustration. I know you have easy access to all the guns and ammo you want. It looks like you miss 1950 when affirmative action was just a white male privilege. Equality is a demotion for you. BTW, I was taught that I had to be twice as good as a white man to get half the recognition. And I did that while being profiled as a suspect every time I left the house. Also, white women have been the primary beneficiaries of affirmative action. Your world must look bleak. I survived Jim Crow and I'll survive you and Trump too. Take responsibility for your choices and stop acting like a victim. You aren't even brave enough to use you own name. What are you afraid of? No one is profiling you. Do you need a hug?
Mr. Dalton:  Yours is a very strong, impassioned statement of one of the most divisive issues we face today.    We know that the election of President Obama brought forth a deluge of racism which hasn't been seen since the days of the battle for Civil Rights.  Tens of millions of racist rants have been posted attacking him.  While many of us hoped the election of our first black President might signal movement toward increased harmony, it has, instead, energized the most racist elements and brought them out of the shadows.    The relations between the black community and the police are the worst I've seen since the early 1960s,  In many instances (and I don't blame them) blacks don't trust the police and see every interaction as a danger...conversely, police often feel the same way about blacks......a recipe for disaster, as we have seen.    I have a bi-racial biological Grandson and two adopted black Grandchildren....in today's social climate, I fear for their safety....that's sad....
From my son's friend in South Africa...  Guess what America??? It turns out that despite all your finger pointing, you have a real racism problem too, surprise! Having your first black president is hard! Addressing racism is hard! Just ask South Africa and every African country that's struggled through the transition from colonialism towards equality - yes, a part of that struggle is swinging the pendulum the other way - paying the price for your white privilege, and guess what else??? We (in South Africa) had to change our flags, abandon old flags, topple statues of slave owners, change street names, you name it, we've all been through it - paying our dues. Now it's your turn America. You voted King Donald in and he brought all this back to the surface, so now you have to deal with it like the free and brave people that you brag about being. Time to buck up and put your money where your mouth is.
Many of these residents are descendants of the half-million African slaves who first arrived in Brazil at Valongo Wharf- where is Jessie Jackson or Al Sharpton? I notice they don't do much for descendants of black slaves, of which there are tens of millions, any where else in the world. Or the slaves in the world now. How many people were robbed during the Olympics? Tourists are not going to flock there just because there was an Olympics.
Federal law has been supreme for a very long time.  You advocate for local control.  You know what that means right?  If the southern states could dictate their own law without intervention from the federal government, they would still have segregation with blacks sitting in the back of the bus and going to separate schools.  You wouldn't support that would you and yet that is what you have just advocated.
'it was a Mayweather crowd'  I wonder why?  It couldn't be because he is black could it?
Britain did not have a segregated army because there were few "people of color" in the country at the time. The British people "Anglo Saxons" were White like most people in Europe. The idea that the Army should reflect a history that did not exist is ridiculous to all except the PC crowd who are generally not that knowledgable of history
nut, black employment is way up since President Trump came to office.   http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/17/black-employment-up-up-up-under-trump/
True, but being nationalistic and putting Canada first is a better take on diversity and multiculturalism. The latter was just Justin's father's take on an appeasement policy for Quebec. Being a chink is like being black, just a term of endearment for some.
BS! I guess you didn't notice Americans elected a white supremacist president. You probably didn't notice the recent spat of swastika/nigger graffiti popping up. Nor the racist flyers posted around public schools in Toronto. That would explain your asinine post.
The only thing your posts prove yourself to be more ignorant of than black communities is Islam.  Not surprising you grouped 'em together in this one (above).
"The bigger picture here is about unarmed people being killed by the police."  Isn't that the point?  He chose to make his point in a way that insulted many of the people he should want on his side.  It seems that many protesters (not just Kap), seem to equate visibility with effectiveness.   It's not necessarily the same.  In this case, people are talking about Kap's employment or lack thereof.  Although the term Police Brutality is being thrown around as an excuse for his actions, it's not really being discussed.  Mostly it's talk about the NFL trying to silence a black man.  So he never really gets to make his point or advances the discussion.  And of course anyone that disagrees with the venue of his protest is automatically labelled a racist.  I don't think he's a bad guy, just misguided.  But his actions are toxic for a business.  If he had protested outside of the NFL, he could still be playing for someone, most probably as a backup.
Honestly the liberals are off their rockers. The spew hate, divide, lying, cheating, and decpetion. Yet as soon as something positive comes from republicans they are quick to judge and call out things which do not conform to their ideals. Flat out Hillary and I hope you read this, go hide under a rock and go away. America is sick of listening to your winning & lack of respect including Michelle thinking that women were influenced by others in their voting. Bottom line is you were not wanted to become president & you will never be president. Your so untrusted & so fake with your ideas. Blacks migrate your yo-yo thinking becuase they think your pandering gets them to stand up to you. I hope blacks remember one thing liberals suck up to you because all they want is your vote. Yet everytime they get elected they do NOTHING to help you. Look at Obama, you thought he was going to make things better. Ask yourself this question, you had 8 years of Obama what has he done to improve your lives?
The first five paragraphs paint a picture of Canadian cops in Canadian cities being a bunch of armed Canadian racist barbarians slaughtering Canadian black folks willy-nilly.  But the the remaining paragraphs talk about a research study that used, as its data for analysis, the track records of, um, thousands of Americans living in the United States of America, the country to our south.  Wow.  That is some strained acrobatics in the field of journalistic gymnastics. I hope the reporters and editors didn't pull their backs out of alignment in executing that stretched triple-flip.
I get it. Our disagreement here, you're now calling me "racist". This is the "you're the one talking about race, so you must be the racist" angle. Here's the thing: racial inequality and white supremacy are as American as apple pie and millions of Muslims who were born in or became citizens of the United States. (See what I did there.) People like you, this subject matter makes you uncomfortable. And if nothing changed about death rates of unarmed non-whites, you'd be fine with the idea, your main "issue" is that people talk about it. So here you are, trying to shout me down. And you are failing. Philando Castile's murder proved that a black man can't legally own a firearm.
Maybe they do not work as hard. The DP must think that because they have no black writers.
"...treat their slaves levels less than they treated their cows & horses..."  Southerners usually give their horses at least 5 star treatment and their cows at least 4 star, but as noted in another post, it was in their interest to treat slaves very well also.  Most white and black kids grew up playing together.  Certainly, there were Simon Legrees, but they were a tiny minority.  Your description of ethnic cleansing is completely false.  Sheridan said that he would devastate the Shenandoah Valley so much that "a crow would have to carry his own provender to cross it."  Sherman bragged that he "would make the South howl;"  by that he meant, as Sheridan did that by Total War/ethnic cleansing his scorched earth campaign would decimate the Southern civilian population.  Can you give some specific examples of Southerners who hanged blacks that tried to escape?  That would be completely counter-productive.  Do you have any evidence to support your assertion?  Odd that you find hanging funny
Thinking back on a similar situation to that mentioned by Marjorie Harris, in the mid-fifties, a friend of mine was at the UO-- she was what was called a "Betty-Brownbag"-- a "Coed" who was so busy with campus activities that she had to carry her lunch in a bag to eat at committee meetings. Being open minded on this conservative campus, she also had a friend who was one of the rare black athletes at Oregon...even went on "coffee-dates" with him. Eventually she was called to the Dean of Women's office, and according to my friend, was told she had to stop being seen with this black student-athlete or she would be stripped of all her campus offices.  That's the way  the UO enforced institutional  racism in those days. Phi Delta Theta had an adviser at the UO who was also our adviser at our PDT chapter at Willamette-- he came and told us if we pledged a n----- we'd immediately lose our charter. So this is how it was in the past  and thank God  now we're  climbing out of the racist muck.
That is your opinion.  I think that the meeting that occurred is politics as usual.  As far as I have been able to determine, the meeting was perfectly legal as in absolutely no laws were broken.  Another take on all this is that our leaders need dialog to make wise decisions.  Personally, I think sanctions against Russia, given American invasions of foreign lands and massive jail population disproportionately black, to be the essence of hypocrisy.  I think our leaders benefit from multiple inputs.  I am no more worried about the so-called Russia meeting than I am about a candidate meeting with a leader of a major union which could lead to deals for votes that weigh heavily against the average American.
According to your friend Charles here at CC, there have been no improvements whatsoever since the first slave was brought to Hispaniola.    And there never will be.  That is what I mean by 'a professional victim'.    You must run around in some strange circles.  I do not see all those WN's you seem to know so well personally.    I see big-mouthed KKK types who have been around since the end of reconstruction; I see equally big-mouthed black nationalists in places like BLM who are left over from the Black Panther days;  I see anarchists who just like to put on masks and beat up on whoever and commit arson and vandalism against capitalist buildings, and I see pro-Trump violence folks as well.    Here on CC, I see arm chair psychophants (sic) who applaud each and every one of those groups depending on their own political preferences.  They are just the enablers; they can't get off their couches to actually attend a 'protest'.
I was a young white boy when Cassius became Muhammad and didn't quite understand it at the time. The more I saw of him, the more I liked him, but I seem to remember some troubling stories of his dealings with the women in his life and various other things. In the end he was just a man and had plenty of faults like all of us.  But his mouth, his determination in the ring and on the world stage and his intelligence and the power he gave to the black community here at home and world-wide will forever leave me glad I was around to see and hear him.
Well into the twentieth century lynchings of blacks in the southern United States were not only common but were social events where white families would bring the children and a picnic lunch, and take pictures of the hanging, to be made into commemorative postcards.   Female slaves were often raped by white male slave owners.     On average, an African American man, woman, or child was hanged, generally by a white mob, once a week, every week between 1882 and 1930, as police actively participated or stood by and condoned the murders.   Thus is America's habit and the birth and our fare of violence on this day of our Lord September 21, 2016.
I said absolutely nothing about Black Lives Matter. The quote, BTW, is from WaPo. You are a little confused.
Multiple witness to boasting, or groping?  I don't recall any charges being filed.    Bill Cosby is a case in point.  I have little doubt that he had sex with multiple aspiring  actresses.  "Sleeping your way up the ladder of success" has been a reality in the entertainment industry for at least a century, and I believe those women knew exactly what they were getting themselves into.  I don't condone it, but it happens.  More top executives who take advantage of them are Democrats than Republicans, but the reason Bill Cosby was singled out was because he was telling the black community to quit blaming Whitey for their problems and to be personally responsible for their lives.  Apparently, some jurors agreed in the one case thought credible-enough to take to trial.  The fact that the woman continued her relationship with Cosby after her alleged "victimization" shot her credibility all to hell.  Gold-diggers are not an endangered species, and men of wealth and power are their target.
Everything is race to some and no amount of Black Presidents we elect can change that.
Can we make up our mind?  Half the people/articles are mourning the black community's inability to continue to self-segregate; loss of community; the distance they now have to travel to continue to attend their preferred "black schools", and the dreadful idea that white people are moving in around them.  Half the articles are claiming that same segregation as proof of a problem.  Which is it?
The Office of Minority Economic Impact (OMEI) was established under the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95-619) on November 9, 1978. OMEI is one of three sub-agencies that make up the Department of Energy’s Office of Economic Impact and Diversity (ED). As such, the primary mission of OMEI is to build effective partnerships between the Department and minority institutions, increase the capabilities of such institutions to compete effectively for grants and contracts, and to increase their participation in Department programs.  And this would be the section they are changing.... (F) Definition for the purpose of this act. (1)   “minority” means any individual who is a citizen of the United States and who is a Negro, Puerto Rican, American Indian, Eskimo, Oriental, or Aleut or is a Spanish speaking individual of Spanish descent;   Now, exactly how does one come up with all the white noise being heaved in on this?
Should we also destroy all the statues of the man who said to 12,000 people in Charleston, Illinois September 18, 1858:  "I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races, [applause]-that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race."  We would have to start with the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C., of course.
Truth is, as sad it is, the future is black...just a pity we could not inculcate sufficient of the "not usses, the thems"  into really embracing colorblindedness.
Blaming all liberals for this terrible crime is despicable, just as blaming all Muslims for the terror attacks of a few is despicable. No one in media or in the Democratic Party, and certainly not Bernie Sanders who has never advocated violence for any reason, is in any way responsible for the terrible choice made by one person. Bernie Sanders this morning immediately and publicly disavowed this violence. I would remind you, WALLe and others, that violent speech from all corners of society has inspired many acts of domestic terrorists against a broad spectrum of society: Jews, blacks, government and its workers, police, Muslims, gays, and of course, liberals and now, conservatives. We all need to limit our protests to speech, and foreswear taking up guns.  I would point out that neither the president nor any member of his cabinet was targeted. I would ask you to take down your insulting and inflammatory post, and join the rest of us in deploring this tragedy brought about by one man.
I call BS, "Wyatt."  What makes you think "these ppl" refers only to those who are black and brown?  You're jumping to conclusions.
Try again.  There might have been some hindrances put up to their voting but ALL were allowed to vote since the 1860's.   The first black man was elected to congress in 1870.   Pretty good for some people who could not vote, do you not say?  BTW, do you not recognize the date?
"Atheism" itself has "god" in the word.  As on critique I read some years ago said, atheism, still has not defined itself beyond the opposite of, or negative to a belief in a deity.  In simple terms, Communism failed/fails because its' core focus is simply to be the opposite of capitalism. "if you say black, I say white"  Not a way to build a successful "brand", or philosophy.  If today's religiously indifferent give atheists hope/belief their thought processes are taking hold, they are mistaken...
But do you actually know any black people?
"Poor" is the operative word. Why bring race and ethnicity into it? In sheer numbers, whites living in poverty exceed any other race or ethnicity by a factor greater than 2. So why make this about race? Do you consider yourself to be a bigot on the issue of abortion and women's reproductive health? I think your comment is bigoted in its slimy innuendo. Planned Parenthood does no forced sterilization, but prior to WW II 37 states had passed forced sterilization laws which targeted blacks and Catholics. Margaret Sanger resigned from Planned Parenthood after PP decided against forced sterilization. So, the conflation of Planned parenthood with Sanger's eugenic theories is unfounded, particularly today. Not surprisingly, a number of right-wing polemicists make a living for themselves with fake news they peddle to right-wing bigots and anti-feminists.  2% of the PP funds goe to abortion, the rest to education, cancer and STD screening, and provision of contraceptives which reduce abortions.
So what causes do you work at, giving your time? Donate your money to?   I am not "quick with the double standards" but you are a racist (I quote "I would dare notice your double standard for black protesting athletes.")   I saw many 'races' kneeling (I call them pro football players unlike you)  and I oppose the inaction by the actions of them.    I do not play race card games nor back peddle with racists  who write such hateful things as (your quote) "Why do only black people have to give up all but 100k of their salary." I do not try to appease racists. I will never do so.  Racists are despicable. And my first post is only 'clear' (omg)  to you as you view it through personally worn racist glasses.   Want to make positive changes? Start by looking in the mirror.
I guess "strong black female" now means "intellectually bankrupt and vapid corrupt politician".   Interesting how none of these fawning "journalists" wrote such things about, say, Condi Rice.
This is good news for the black community as a whole. Let's give American jobs to them and to our teenagers, instead of people who disregard our laws.
"Protests against police use of force occurred in other cities such as Tulsa in Oklahoma and Charlotte in North Carolina. The use of heavy-duty riot gear and military-grade weapons and equipment to police these demonstrations raised several concerns in terms of the demonstrators’ right to peaceful assembly."  "Disparities in women’s access to sexual and reproductive health care, including maternal care, continued. The maternal mortality ratio rose over the last six years; African-American women remained nearly four times more likely to die of pregnancy-related complications than white women. "  "Legal discrimination against LGBTI people persisted at the state and federal level."  "Over 80,000 prisoners at any given time were held in conditions of physical and social deprivation in federal and state prisons throughout the country."  "Twenty men were executed in five states, bringing to 1,442 the total number of executions..."  Fix your own house first before condemning your neighbour.
Soon after I moved there, several people in my small rural town assured me that every year on the night of the summer solstice, "devil worshippers" meet in the woods of a nearby state park to celebrate with a black mass.   I heard this story several times and then one neighbor told me that the rumor got started years ago when a group of high school students went into the park at night to build a bonfire and drink beer. They were dancing around the fire when some young boys (who were probably out far too late) saw them, ran home, and told their parents they saw "demons."  Even the people who know the truth keep retelling the more colorful "black mass" version, just for laughs.
He served potatoes to Irish-American students, Sushi to Korean-American students, Alamo chili to Mexican-American students, Thai dishes to Vietnamese-American students, and actually mentioned the country of Pakistan to Indian-American students.   After inviting the black students into his home and graciously feeding them dinner, the LU President also reportedly wore a gray suit. Gray was the color of the Confederacy so connect more dots. The suit was 60% cotton so his endorsement of slavery was nakedly clear. The LU President used the term "stonewalling" in conversation with the black students. A clear reference to Confederate Gen. "Stonewall" Jackson. Yet another way he "brutalized" and "dehumanized" the black students. Most insidiously, he noted that all the students wore articles of clothing made of cotton. Yet he didn't realize the brutality of slavery, in the form of cotton, haunts people 154 years later. I guess we should ban all cotton products?
Of 3005 white murder victims, 2509 of them were killed by other white people and of 2491 black victims, 2245 of them were killed by other black people.  Maybe we need WLM too?
Go back and read. I was not talking about the baker in question discriminating against blacks. I was talking about the ramifications if the baker is allowed to legally discriminate based on religion. I am sorry that was so confusing for you.
He clearly deserves the adulation and respect he will undoubtedly receive.    Actually met him during the snow of 1969!    I was giving Father Lebeaux a bad time on his cross country skis in his cassock outside my apartment complex and this black dude wandered over and Lebeaux and he were obviously tight buddies.  Wish I had heard him play.  Jazz isn't exactly like religion or sex, but sometimes it gets close.
You are so right.  Selective disenfranchisement of voting rights for people of color is the ONLY thing behind the states rights push for voter ID's, voter purges, and extreme gerrymandering.  Yet Republicans vehemently deny this.  This is not 1964, but for many people, it is not 2016, either.
Rick, in the first place, *"whitesplaining*" isn't a real word or term.  Secondly, when blacks- or anybody- talks about race in America, it's a dialogue. I don't "Shut up and listen," because I don't *"owe"* them anything.  I listen *and* speak back to them in kind, because they don't "own" the conversation simply because they or you perceive them (wrongly) to be victims.  They aren't.  In this way, the only thing I *"owe"* them is an honest conversation.
The author says: "Can the government accomplish its goal of eliminating the black market in this drug? The short answer is probably...". I disagree. There is a large and active black market in cigarettes, another product where taxes make up a large portion of the retail price.  Government taxes and other regulations related to legal marijuana sales will ensure the black market for marijuana will continue, although it will be smaller than it is today.
My point is precisely that we should not wait, but that we should plow ahead with the most obvious and overwhelming technology. This is a good example (as was the Internet not so long ago) of how profitability wrecks the best of social intentions. Waiting until somebody figures how best to extract value from a social need or want, you make it possible for the same to ring-fence the resources for their exclusive use and cut out anybody that does not have the funding to access them.  Trust me, that's precisely how TICSA and Internet Solutions excluded me from participating in their power games. It is being an underdog that makes me realise why powerful interests prefer to keep me there. It also happens to be how the black elite chooses to deal with whites, who now expect that lack of fairness not to cross the race boundary, for reasons of a newly-discovered need for fairness.  When it comes to water, do we really want South African Breweries to get a monopoly on extracting it?
The comments complaining about the DP or other media sites not mentioning the shooter's race are predictable, and seem to indicate a desire to get upset when there is no need - other than they just have to get upset about something ....  Took me about 10 seconds of Google time to determine that the guy was black - and most of that time was waiting for a web page to load ....  I also found out that the two police officers were black (or at least appear to be so in the photos released).    Yes, Bill Robertson, your silliness needs to stop ...
I'm pretty damn sure that if you  CHOOSE to post your bigoted comments elsewhere,  Black, you sure as heck won't be missed.  I hope ADN keeps the censor bot hammer on your head.
This is not about disrespecting, the Anthem, Veterans or the Country. This is a vocal handful of white snowflakes all upset about football players kneeling in protest against the treatment of African Americans in our society.    I guess these delicate lily white snowflakes still haven't gotten past the notion of an African American president easily winning two terms in their version of "The Real America."
the sooner it is legal, the sooner taxpayers have to stop paying for this expensive enforcement nonsense. after hours booze cans and the speeding laws are also poorly enforced, especially during rush hours, but the bible-thumpers, prudes, and drunks running the show in the east get their panties in a bunch over harmless potheads who dont know any black market dealers to get their medicine or herbal candy from. toronto the good doesnt appear to have changed much since the days of police raids on gay bath houses. Youre not in kansas anymore, toronto.
It would take a black woman like Amarosa to come up against another black woman in favor of a racist sub-president such as 45. Amarosa is a sell out.
Yeh Paul! You are right, Biko was uneasy about colour politics but in answering the central question of his political project: why is it that white workers fails to identify with the interest of black workers, he were forced by existing socio-economic realities/frame of the time to retrace the historical evolution of these social categories with the purpose to supersed/overcome them not to make them permanent defining character. Hehe! But as for continued use of those categories, well, politically it serves the agendas of the powers-that-be. For everything could be scapegoated, thus absolving the powerholders from any failures. There is a political benefits, though self-interested and short-term in its focus.
>I am not defending the DUP Liar ! You STARTED this thread by defending the DUP from the article's charge that they are a homophobic party !  And myself and Alan Shore proved you wrong. You couldn't handle being wrong so now you're trying to twist it and make this a debate on the legitimacy of gay rights by bringing completely unrelated things into the discussion.  >and for the record it is legal in N Ireland Only because the EU forced them to legalize it. The DUP supported Brexit SOLELY for the opportunity to make it illegal again.  The Baker case was in the USA - and frankly it was EXACTLY right for the SAME reason it should be illegal to refuse to bake a cake for a black couple's wedding.  A public business must treat all members of the public equally. By the way, thats in the South African constitution. Over here - that baker wouldn't just risk a lawsuit, that refusal would be a criminal offense (and it's a damn good thing too)
I've never felt compelled to write the paper before, but this has really bothered me. Why did they have to mention that David Wilson is an African American, what difference does that make, will that make him legislate better? Yesterday and today's articles both mentioned that. Did anybody else notice that?
In all of the owners' statements I read, none of them say anything about why Colin Kaepernik was on his knee in the first place.   The dead black men's families see justice denied over and over again, but the owners made it about themselves.  Unity my patootie, Colin's message remains ignored in the noise box of butthurt vets and nationalists.
Heres some other orgs you may want to label as terrorists too! Black Lives Matter. Planned Parenthood. AntiFa Movement. Doctors without Borders.
I'm grateful for the police weeding out criminals.  There may be a few bad apples in uniform, but the vast majority are kind and fair.  More than half of all homicides are committed by about 4% of the population (young black males) and the police risk their lives trying to right that.   We should all support the police in their effort, because all lives matter.
I'm not surprised at Lisa she has shown herself to be a leaf in the wind but Dan should have a spine. Black Lives and Antifa they are the epitome of a hate group. They attack both physically and verbally anyone who they don't agree with. The examples are endless but since the mainstream media will not report them and the Democratic party now builds itself around the well known Marxist tactic  of slandering their opposition with their own shortcomings then prevaricate the issue someone has to. Thank You Mr President for being the only man in the room with enough guts to speak the truth when no one else will.  We let everyone speak in this country because that is what makes us who we are, free people. I don't really know who the "white" group was because it doesn't mater, they had the right to have their demonstration and nothing would have come of it, BLM and Antifa (the ultimate oxymoron) came ready to fight, and they did. Not to point that out is the biggest lie of the day.
Biased? Look who's calling the kettle black.
Mass shootings account for a tiny percentage of total deaths, and don't tell the story of what would make us safer.  To be accurate, the percentage of mass shooters who are white is about the same as the percentage of people who are white. Blacks and reread slightly over represented, Latinos under represented and Asians highly over represented.   http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/27/us/mass-shootings/index.html
Jesus Christ! Expect a lawsuit coming down the pike by a 5'6, 240# black guy who has been harassed by just about everybody in town whose seen him due to the totally false description spread by the SA and given out by HPD.
This is good... Some of us are talking about racism now. As a hapa haole woman raised in Hawaii, I didn't realize some of the realities of black people living in America. My black roommate just told me she would get harassed by cops at least once a year in D.C.  She had her bike taken from her cuz she didn't have a receipt for it on her. On another occasion they took her purse... her face was repeatedly stepped on by them, etc...  She is a very sweet woman & yet these things were done to her. I (we) have no idea what other people go through, because I (we) have not gone through those things. I didnt understand until she shared with me her personal experiences. It opened my eyes & heart BIG TIME to some of the realities of racism in America. The next day she apologize for telling me these things. I told her her story is important to tell & needs to be said so we change things. I admit I dont have all the answers & awareness is the first step. It starts with me being the very best me...
When black lives matter rioted obama said they were just blowing of a little steam.
"A report released by the FBI documented 12,765 people were killed by police officers between 2008 and 2012. The five-year study, which grouped all the deaths regardless of how targets were actually killed, reported 77.7 percent of people killed by officers were men, and 51.1 percent were black men, while 46.3 percent were white, 2.6 percent were of other races, and the races of 130 victims were unknown." ibtimes  OMG, they're discriminating against men!
What you mean is that statistics you hate are wrong ("FBI corruption") and a vague reference to "white mass murders" which you haven't proven is more prolific than ones committed by blacks. When it comes to blame of the statistics you keep trying to evade, you try to point a deflective finger at "American culture" when a specific demographic is overwhelmingly responsible for the data you claim is false and try to brush away.
I agree with Black Lives Matter. Our LGBT movement, like many fights for equal rights, mirrored the tactics of the Black pride/Black civil rights movement of the 1960s. For us to ignore the racism is wrong. Good police officers can also support the intent, of no police uniforms meaning reform police departments, by marching in civilian clothes and ending the "thin blue line" of cover-up. Citizens are held to a higher punishment when they kill police officers. Police Officers should also be held to a higher standard when they kill unarmed citizens. The current standard seems to be all an officer need do is declare he was afraid. Try to imagine the reverse: a citizen being declared not-guilty just by declaring he feared for his life in an encounter with the police.   I support Black Lives Matter. I support true equal rights for Black people and LGBT people. These are not mutually exclusive movements.
I find it this bit funny that white folks are arguing if the word "cracker" is offensive or not toward them. You folks do know that black people used the "n" word on each other all the times but only find it offensive if any one else of different skin tone uses it. (What does NWA from Straight out of Compton stand for, eh?) Being Japanese American myself, there is a three letter word that can be offensive toward me. There should be a zero tolerance toward any racially offensive word, then this won't be a problem, eh? So if Mr. Cofey uses one of them, he should be kick off. Fair is fair. If some white guy sang a song from NWA song list, Mr. Cole would be the first one on the stage dragging poor guy off. This bring us to Mr. Cole's whose stand is remarkably hypocritical in nature since it reflects a very liberal perception of what we call.....double standards.
I feel there is much more to the land issue that the western Cape. The government has land everywhere in this country, and from what I understand it is given to their chokkies by crooked tender or at half price, to build malls on.   There are large pieces of land under tribal authorities. The land is not used to generate income and to help the poor because of the simple fact that this society is not one that cares about the poor. No matter which race. The poor is treated like dirt (excuse the pun) and the rich is portrayed to be white only. That is not true. The rich is black and India  and Chinese too.   You see, this is a complicated country. I do agree there is a solution somewhere, and I do agree we should find it, but to accuse one group (getting smaller and smaller which is why they are called a minority) and forgetting the majority is getting richer and still only doing what rich people do all over the world, I think is unfair.
Seems like I remember the French capitulated with the Nazi's in WWII. Weren't they called the Vichy French? Sent a lot of people to their death as I recall. So now we have latino and black people living in Texas who are Nazis. Yep, that's what passes for intelligent "satire" in today's world.
Sorry, but it is not quite THAT simple. You forget that Clinton, at the behest of his Wall Street patrons, deregulated the financial industry, leading to the Great Recession, which devastated the working classes. Median net worth among Hispanic households fell 66 percent from 2005 to 2009, and 53 percent among black households, according to Pew Research.  Hillary was unable to get out of bed with Wall Street also, one of the main reasons we now have Mr. Tiny Hands at the helm.
I've said many times we'll only see gun control when we make damn sure that every black person in the nation has a gun. That's what people fear, make no mistake.  They fear brown and black people so much they have to go around strapped in case they have to talk to someone of a darker skin color. We should not indulge this fear by letting everyone have a handgun.
I did; she may have had black ancestors -  but probably not.
My point is that police respond to high crime areas differently then an average middle class neighborhood. Is that fair or simply prudent?  I'm sure you would prefer more police in your neighborhood if you have gun toting drug dealers standing on your corners.  To make this a race issue is not true.  It is a crime incident issue.  Why black and Hispanic  neighborhoods have the bulk of the drug trade/shootings/robberies/burglaries/rapes is the question.  If  other white neighborhoods had the same crimes you would see the same arrest results. Bottom line is those in prison have committed  serious  crimes.  Maybe the answer is more police to enforce minor crimes in upper class neighborhoods. Would that solve the problem?
Who cares? It is a law that protects people's rights. If the majority of people say it is okay to not serve black people in a store, that does not mean there should be no such law. If the majority of people in Colorado did not agree with this law, why is it in effect? Your point is moot.  In a republic, we protect the individual's rights. America!  Your hypothetical question is silly. The law would apply there too. Now, show me a gay baker that would refuse to make a regular wedding cake, lol. Business 101: Do not refuse to take money from paying customers.
@ "Older an Wiser"...... You are right that people vote for whatever they perceive is best for them.. You are wrong thinking that those who vote for Trump/O' Leary are angry people. I  know many successful, fulfilled  and highly educated people who voted for Trump. I also think you are part of the problem. The term you used ( angry) shows your core......it is the same way racists used to describe well educated strong black women who stood for their rights.   I consider  myself an independent and if you really want the success of this country, instead of labeling people like the left usually does, just listen to the other side (as I expect the right to listen to you too.
Paid agitators on both sides.  Craigslist Post paying 5K to $25/hr,  a hollywood firm for a crowd.  Cops funneling the right wingers towards the antifa communists.    This is out of saul alinsky's playbook, divide and conquer.  Diamond and Silk, are black, women and conservative and they support Trump! Milo, Gay, Jewish, another Trump supporter.  Trump's own daughter Jewish, Trumps longtime confidant, Cohen, Jewish, Trump's own Son-in-Law, Jewish!  So to think Trump's is a NAZI is absurd and conjecture!  These white Nationalists are no different then La Raza or BLM, they are not all white supremacists.  Perhaps they too are sick of seeing out of control immigration in only White Nations?  On an industrial scale from NGO's and why?  I think Trump and Co. are getting closer and closer to that massive pedo child ring, linking John Podesta and the DNC.  Remember both Bill and Barry went to Epstein island.    Why hasn't the left press covered the biological attack from Antifa, feces urine?
While I get that no team wants to be called racist, I fail to see what good kneeling in protest actually does,  If we want to improve black lives, we could start by finding ways to lower black-on-black crime including murder.  Such action would help more people than any symbolic gesture ever could.
"But, but they only do it to black people!!"
Here we go again, using the race card. It's no wonder this country is divided racially. It's always on the front burner. Blacks thought and were promised that Obama would have made life for them better. Instead the racial divide is even worst.
PP clinics are "conveniently" and "coincidentally" located near low income black and latino neighborhoods, not a whole lot of innuendo there. And if your post made any sense or pertained to the topic at hand I would have responded to it, it didn't and doesn't so I didn't. Anything else ?
Rick, you did raise the questions earlier in the summer and the Muni and STA came to an agreement that lessens the risk of BRBE encounters. I'm not sure why you insist on continuing your argument. We should all know the risks, and their consequences, and base our actions on them. Just because a trail is there, doesn't mean it should be ridden during salmon season or when a family of bears was just recently seen in the area, or ridden during moose calving. Its not black and white, a trail isn't always bad or always good. I don't ride Rovers Run during late July for obvious reasons. But, all other times of the year, Rovers Run is a perfectly safe trail.   I wouldn't speak for all mtbers as you did, but speaking for myself, I always carry bear spray, make noise, and I'm aware. Most of all, I take responsibility for my actions and their consequences. The greatest risk right now is head-on collisions with other bikers, which is why we need more trails!
The DP has posted at least eight separate stories about this incident, and I'm sure there are more to come.  Last month when a Muslim black man in Fresno shot and killed three random white men on the street because he hates white people, the DP posted a grand total of three stories - and one of those was actually a story about gunfire sensors used by the police.   I wonder why there's such a disparity in the amount of coverage.
Mr. Cachalia, with respect, I think you've missed the point of Fakie's piece. She didn't assert that Indians were beneficiaries of Apartheid. To the contrary, she asked for nuance. She said, "Let's Talk".  Your family's story, though thoroughly lamentable, isn't particularly unique or extreme. Life was hard for everyone who didn't have fair skin. But intra-racial nuance is of great moment since race is the lodestar of SA's economic policy.   For economic justice, one can't paint with a broad brush. This is why we currently give a bigger leg-up to females and disabled individuals.   This isn't about self-flagellation; it's about honesty and objectivity.  According to StatsSA (2010/11), 63.2% of Blacks and 37% of Coloureds fall below their national poverty benchmark. This is compared to 0.9% for Whites and 6.9% for Indians. As we speak, despite Indians being only 2% of the population, there are as many Indians (5) on key SOE, Eskom's Board/Exco as there are blacks.   Why can't we talk?
I stand corrected on Richards comment, however, that does not change that it is immaterial how many fathers are involved in their children's lives when so many are in single parent families. I was in a single parent family myself prior to joining the Navy in 1971. I was also an angry young white man. What I was referring to is that I think that when you add a lot of  statistics that have no real bearing on the issue, it just muddies the waters. While you may disagree, it is my opinion. How black youth respond to authority and the excessive crime among young black males does pertain, in my opinion. Police use excessive force against all races, not just black people. I cannot understand why it is only blacks that are so badly affected by police? It has been my experience that treating people as you would be treated works very well in almost all cases. It is called the golden rule. Another version, "approach determines response". How you approach someone determines their response.
Is Margaret Sanger honored for Planned Parenthood or for being the strongest proponent of Eugenics?   "Black Pastors Demand Removal of Planned Parenthood Founder Margaret Sanger Statue"  "They say Sanger supported eugenics to rid the nation of those she deemed ‘defective’ and ‘feeble-minded’ by stopping the growth of their populations, particularly blacks and other minorities.”   "The Negro Project was initiated in 1939 by Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood. It was a collaborative effort between the American Birth Control League and Sanger’s Birth Control Clinical Research Bureau  For a eugenist, it wasn’t controversial, it was integral to the implementation of eugenics to eliminate the ‘unfit’.  http://www.blackgenocide.org/negro.html
The corruption can and should be placed solely at the feet of ANC voters.  Anybody who thinks it is a great idea to have a single political party of any kind in absolute control for more than two decades needs to have their brains examined.  There have been hundreds of scandals involving ANC corruption during the last two decades and except for the last election, there was very little push back from voters.  When Mbeki was murdering poor black people by the bushel with his genocidal African-potato HIV policies the ANC achieved its biggest electoral wins.  Everybody knew that Zuma was a crook yet it had very little impact in the 2014 election.  And even in 2019 when the ANC mobilizes "the masses" of their voting cattle the outcome will be similar.
I would spend some time getting facts assembled rather than "pegging" people.  Did you know that in  2012 black pastors confronted the Southern Poverty Law Center for smearing as "hate groups" pro-family organizations opposed to homosexual agenda?  Did you know the SPLC brags about being an informant for the FBI. Mark Potok, SPLC spokesman went on the record with "Law enforcement agencies come to us every day with questions about particular groups."  And I would sure take anything the SPLC says with a 5 pound bag of salt.
You're only off by 163 years, America is 237 years of age. You don't know many black folks do you?
nine were unarmed not 94 that's about 1% and who said those unarmed weren't going for the cops gun or attacking a cop. there were more white men killed by the police than blacks. sure there is abuse but considering the crime rate in America the cops are doing a good job.
@Roger Ingalls Interesting you will make an inference on low income white kids graduation rates, but wait until the data is presented for black and Latino students graduation rates ...
Black men compose roughly 6.1% of the population of the United States which as a whole comprises about 12.5% of the population. Makes the difference in murder stats all the more horrid.
8 years ago the country was ready for change and would have accepted either a black man or a women...but the women did her best to destroy the black man but the black man won....the country and the media was very pleased with themselves..four years later we made the same mistake and elected Obama a second time again with full media support...we have now had 8 terrible years of failed leadership, a debt out of control, a health care system destroyed and out of control, corruption on a scale unknown in the history of the Nation, which reaches to the Nations highest offices.  The Country is again more than ready for change and I hope we do not make the same mistake again and elect someone because the media thinks it is a good idea..!!  as they have become as corrupt as the politicians they are backing...Trump may not be the greatest but he is right..the swamp need draining.
These kind of bureaucratic, money wasting, black hole projects would be stopped in their tracks if, after the ballot question asking for it they would add to the question “and would you be willing to pay for it with a $100 increase in your annual state tax?”.  I guarantee you there would never ever be another wasteful project like this.
It's a column, not a treatise.    I've been studying bias in one form or another for 40 years, I have no problem with Kristoff's kind words.   He accepts his own unconcious bias.   He say 'we' when talking about white bias.  He mentions bias amoung blacks toward white as well as a survey of blacks about the shortcomings of their own culture and it was certainly harsher than most comments drawn from a broad white survey.      He's giving us some pieces of truth, you should be asking why it is just so hard to accept for some people.    This artical was not a condemnation, it was a way forward from here.
We only need to look to the words of Confederate officials to determine the nature of the south: “Our Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition,”  CSA vice president Alexander Stephens.  In each of the eventual Confederate State’s declarations of secession, multiple references to slavery as an “entrenched and treasured Southern institution,” which was done to preserve, in the words of Texas’ Ordinance of Secession, “the servitude of the African to the white race,”.
I am a Viet Nam veteran.  I personally think that football should be banned as a sport, as we now know, beyond a doubt, that it damages human lives on a massive scale.  However, I have made it a point to get up on Sunday morning, turn on one of the Football games listed, and when they play the national anthem, I take a knee in front of my TV in support of my fellow black Americans. who throughout the history of America, have always come to its defense, when called upon - Unlike the countless right-wing republican draft-dodgers, many in office today, who basically spit on America, when they were called to serve.,
Thought Black was extremely careless leaving Oberg in the game to face Sanchez, that's where he should have played match up. Oberg just walked somebody on 4 pitches so it was no surprise he served up that fastball hoping for strike. That was probably the biggest out of the weekend and Black is thinking Oberg is going to get it done for him?
Bill:  I certainly understand that he and others refuse to accept that the purpose of the "take a knee" instituted by Kaepernick was to demonstrate concern with the treatment Black individuals were receiving from the police.  I understand that you refuse to accept that the actions were NOT designed to insult our country or our military.  Did you read the OpEd piece by Ed Reid in the NYT.  It addresses this very issue.  I think it would be helpful to you in understanding the motivation for the actions.  regards, Gary Crum
Can't let a tragedy go without promoting your agenda can you Black?
Seems like Anthony gave the district a chance to step up, to suggest a corrective action plan, and they didn't. Even though they have known about these disparities for too long. I'm concerned that Anthony's not talking about ALL disadvantaged kids, only black and Latino students. Not a mention of natives or Asians. (And low income white kids at the disadvantage schools are missing out too.)   Seems like PPS addresses disparities by having  staff go on retreats and talk to each other, paying Contractor/Facilitators big bucks they could be using to increase electives.
The DP 'editorial' board is senseless and biased beyond belief.   These prima-donna millionaires who play a game to make their millions, have no idea of what they protest.  Our good American president loves America, is not beckoned by race baiters to show disgust for his country as these black footballers.    If they bothered to do any research (if they could read) they would find, in Chicago alone, the murder rate of black on blacks, is 10 time higher than the national rate of police killings.   But statistics don't matter to them, is the 'shiny and loud' aspect of their lives at play here, has nothing to do with sane reasoning, and understanding of a problem that is primarily a black one, not a police one.
Take the pop singer Katy Perry, who was accused earlier this month of “performative allyship” after an apology for past instances of racism (dressing up as a geisha, fetishizing black women’s hair).   How is this racist?
My view is that racism is dealt with equitably there will be no progress on these types of incidences. I and many of my peers feel, not without justification, that incidences of white racism receive far more attention and sanction than incidences of black racism. I, personally will treat the type of incident highlighted her as no more than a storm in a thimble until I see more attention and sanction applied to black racism.
"And just WHY are Blacks not getting the education that can raise One up out of poverty? "--Here's your answer Michael3, it's called residential racism and it's fundamental when it comes to access to a good education which in turn is essential for upward mobility. But for tired moralists such as yourself the problem always boils down the "lack of good Fathers!" How trite.
Of course, that's not a realistic statement at all.  Most people had already made up their minds concerning the email scandal well before Comey's final entry into the fray.....  No.  Clinton had a whole lot more wrong with her than that.  She ran a terrible campaign.  Some reasons?  Her arrogance that she believed she could never lose.  The Democrats abandoned their base.  She refused press conferences and unscripted questions.  She even lost some black and latino votes, because she tried to build a Clinton coalition of college educated women, assuming blacks and latinos would simply vote for her.  She walked away from economics and tried to concentrate on social issues.  It failed.  She tried to ramp up a class war - not realizing people want jobs - not just redistributed wealth.    She lost because millions of Democrats didn't vote for her or simply didn't vote.  She was not liked - Can you imagine what the vote would have been if the GOP ran a likable candidate?  Oh, my.....
I salute your candor, and your willingness to listen to the more reasonable partisans (there were some, including in my own suburban town) of the demagogue. It is too easy to stereotype and paint with a broad brush. Some of us are appalled by this person who will be in the 2017 White House, yet are uncomfortable to an extreme with "identity politics". My faith teaches me we are called to lift up everyone, and that politics should not be a zero sum game. It should not be necessary or desirable to label people as "marginalized" unless you are willing to include that unemployed white person in a hardscrabble Rust Belt town with a ruined downtown and a dead nephew from addiction to drugs. They are as much "marginalized" (and I'd say more so) than a gay or lesbian couple in a warm, safe suburban home with two incomes, or a black physician or professor in a brand new condo.   Let us support lifting up all, with policies that respect all, and not be atomized into groups with axes to grind.
Or they can pay for the slavery, murders, rape, and torture their ancestors committed... Ironically that would mean that blacks and native Americans would have to pay for enslaving each other... Talk about being at odds with oneself.
No, I think the black community should take a hard look at how they are hurting themselves.  There is no common sense in your reply to me.  You're all over the place and unfocused. Everything you touched on,  in the way of self-destructive behaviors on the part of ANYBODY,  ARE ALL CHOICES. Making poor choices is not oppression.  You still missed my main point : Not completing  public education = no job=poverty  There's nothing racist about electing to hurt one's own future by choosing to drop out of school. That's the foundation of the problems blacks face today.   If they get good grades, get a good job/ career, and succeed, they're accused by their own peers of selling out and " going white "
Blacks are not the problem, never were! Its the over the top liberals and staunch conservatives!
What you share is very poignant.  The difficulty with reason is that this venue of information is not black and white.  If the article revealed the claimant a Russian spy, then Painter's quote would be material.  If the article revealed that Trump Jr intended to or did collaborate with a Russian influenced by the Kremlin, even if not a spy, then Painter's quote is material.  The lack of substantive comment over the article says that the journalist should have waited for more info before writing an article.
Somewhat balanced beginning.  Ft Pillow was a very complicated battle; many accounts credit General Forrest with saving blacks  -- e.g. he ordered wounded blacks to be put on boats to be sent to Union lines.  When the battle became a rout a disproportionate number of blacks were killed, but there is no evidence that General Forrest ordered the killing of blacks.  Where exactly was Lincoln's name struck from the ballot?  After secession facilities within in the state's territory became the state's.  Similarly, the Union confiscated Southern property within their lines  -- e.g. General Lee's estate, Arlington.  Article 10 gives all powers to the states which are not expressly given to the federal government.  Nothing in the Constitution forbade secession in 1861.  Dred Scott gave owners the right to take their slaves to the territories;  Lincoln ignored this right.  Lincoln said slavery was ok just in the South.  The North was terrified that KS, NB, et al states would go for the South
Of course. One of the main concerns of the White American Right is to keep everyone else -- women, gays, blacks, latins -- subservient to them. They are upset that women, for example, see themselves as equal to men. They know that Trump, the pu$$y grabber, is on their side.
I'd like to know how many of these kids fathers are in jail.  That'll splain a whole lot of things.  We've seen criminal photos of blacks and Pacific Islander adults wanted or accused of felony crimes.  It's no surprise that these kids have little interest in school or anything else productive.  Congratulations West High School for providing your students with a little bit of hope.  However, the greater responsibility has to come from the kids and their parents.
I did not vote for Obama because of the color of his skin. My mind does not work that way. But apparently the color of an individual's skin is a big issue for you, and in reading your posts, influences not only how you vote, but how you see a lot of life. So what does that say about you?? Not surprising you back the Nazis and spread boldface,detestable lies about people (like Obama backing the murder of the police). But you don't care do you? You don't care about this country and its future. You don't care about the tens of thousands of soldiers and sailors (including blacks and Jews) who gave their life to defend this country to defeat Nazism. You don't seem to care about much other than an opportunity to spread your own petty lies and hatreds.  Well sir, thank God we live in a country that has enough people of good will and moral character (be they Democrat or Republican, Conservative or Liberal) to offset the likes of you and your kind.
Interestingly enough, there's that "other" minority in K-12 not mentioned. In WA State K-12 there are 76,242 Certificated workers, most teachers (of course), 56,087 female, and 20,155 male. In some industries that might be cause for concern? And the number of Asian, Black, mixed race and all other so small as to not meet any of the national averages mentioned above, 9.3% for all others combined. Blacks only 1.5%, Asian 2.8%, and listing multiple ethnicities seems the rage. More interesting given this states seeming desires not in evidence?
don't stop lefty, love hearing you CRY!  Go Navy! the sound of freedom, how's that feel Uter Annie?  Lefty Checklist Let the criminals out. Let illegals in. Mainstream media 100% gospel. Let boys in the girls bathrooms. Condemn police officers. Don't care about the veterans. Eradicate history if offensive. Believe Healthcare is a Constitutional right. Kill the unborn-Stomp on and burn the American flag. Accept barbarity in the name of Islam- hugs,love and no borders will stop terrorism. Protect the Sanctuary cities. Black lives only matter. Coddle the lazy. Encourage hate crimes.  Call for the assassination of our president, talk of overthrowing our government. Burn businesses, attack innocent bystanders, destroy City property, call for, and try to incite a civil war. Refuse freedom of speech on others, while demanding their own political and government obstructionists.
As to the children of our generation or cohort, virtually none attend except for the Extraordinary Form. This is why the churches are closing like a falling house of cards, and it promises to get worse -- much worse -- in the coming two decades.—Elaine  So, Latin is their first language.  Really.  Not my experience at my local parish.  The problem may be extracting certitude, where no certitude exists; substituting Church politics for truth.  The administration of the Church is dysfunctional for many.  The knack, in the spirit of Black Catholics, is getting past the dysfunctionality and arrive at the scary uncertainty of truth, in the very spirit of Modernism.  Anyway, glad you are engaging here, helping to form a way out.
I've been down around Bean's Cafe, Rhyner, and I see a lot of middle-age Caucasians mingling with the Natives, blacks, mixed bloods.  Hard to tell some of them apart.
trump HAS NO CHANCE of winning.  His own party wants NOTHING TO DO WITH HIM.  He's insulted and alienated:  blacks Hispanics women asians muslims jews gays you name it...he's offended them and LOST THEIR VOTE.  He only has the LOON VOTE.
"First and foremost, don't pick a method where the means overshadows and creates more backlash against you than any good you many be trying to accomplish. That's the overriding prerequisite right there, because when you do what they chose to do, they're going backwards."  The same refrain white America has been using about black protesters since the start of the Civil rights movement. Attempting to go to white schools? Refusing to give up your seat to a white person? Attempting to sit in the white section at the Woolworth's lunch counter? Protest segregated drinking fountains? March for equality from Selma to Montgomery? MLK?? On and on, the white America that refrained from violence still scolded blacks for their means and methods of protests. They were only making things worse, they said. Nothing knew under the sun.   In the eyes of many, mostly conservative white Americans, there never has been nor will there ever be a right time or method for black protest.
From middle school to college, blacks today are doing a pretty good job of segregating themselves. And I bet very few black kids today could name even one of these brave Nine who risked so much for them.
They left out the part where, 88% of the time a black person is murdered, it is by another black person - according to FBI statistics.
Hey, Globe and Mail editors, why is it that I have to turn to the Toronto Sun webpages to read about the glaring allegations of conflicts of interests between Black Lives Matter and Ontario university Student Union?  www.torontosun.com/2016/09/11/york-university-student-union-donation-to-black-lives-matter-ignites-controversy
Where who sits? A few elders? The pastor? (he is a democrat) The members? The attenders? It's all over the map. You imply everyone at a church thinks the same way, and this is a huge misconception my friend.  You know what Neighbor? I know one of the top designers at Nike, African American, super guy. Guess what? He goes to conservative church! Are you going to boycott Nike now?
The Democrats have rigged the election nomination process and bargained with Hillary's people from the start. Hillary is the only candidate under threat of imprisonment and has made a career out of enriching herself and Bill Clinton at the tax payers expense. She is part of the problem and I will never, ever vote for her. I continue to donate to Bernie and hope he runs as an Independent candidate.  And, as  black man I am ashamed at the way the black leadership of this country have sold out to Hillary Clinton. Last time around Hillary said she would stay in the race against Obama because Robert Kennedy was shot. She was saying that she was staying in the race in 2008 just in case someone killed Obama. So whats wrong with Bernie staying in just in case Hillary goes to jail?
I never claimed you were black. That is a. Old saying that has nothing to do with race. I did confuse you with another person who also bangs the "white racist America" drum. My apologies
Quite likely that this decorated veteran was killed at the hands of a fellow African-American.  Where's BLM? Until they start condemning murders WITHIN the black community, their chants for "justice" are a disgusting double standard.
Small world, I also went Clemson to view the eclipse.  Having grown up in the segregated South, I'll remark on: "Given the slave labor needed for intensive cotton cultivation the historian Robert Fogel makes the point that no free men would work as hard or long as slaves, threatened with the lash, did."  So what did King Cotton do before machines eliminated chopping and picking under a brutal sun? That's easy. The Democrats, beholden to planters, made sure that the schools were so poor and the job opportunities so lacking that poor blacks and whites had no choice but to pick or starve.  That's today except our Democrats keep them on welfare for their votes. That's why they're terrified by a Trump who's stolen away poor working whites and might do the same for blacks—hence their "racist" screams and efforts to distract attention from jobs to statues. The "evil party" remains as evil as ever.  --Michael W. Perry, co-author of Lily's Ride (Tourgee's A Fool's Errand for modern readers)
Gee how did the Liberals manage to be against the topics of their throne speech and then for them? She toppled the Liberals in the first Provincial non-confidence vote in Canadian history. She brought BC recognition for International black corruption. She brought sexism into politics as a disgrace to women, retaliated against whistle blowers, was in multiple conflict of interest and abuse of power situations, lied endlessly about everything and anything, and created scandal after scandal. She is a hot potato now and the chances of her being back are bleak. Her resignation is the only highlight of her career.
The percentage of segregation has hardly changed since the 70s.  If anything, big cities are more segregated now due to white flight from places like Baltimore, Chicago, and Detroit.  Up though the 1960s, Southern Republicans used to dilute black areas with white voters such that blacks didn't have enough votes to elect a black congressperson.  But as blacks started moving back to the South, Southern Democrats and Southern Republicans struck a deal: Blacks would get their black majority congressional districts in exchange for whites getting their white majority districts.  The AP is painting gerrymandering as something only "evil Republicans" do, but in actuality both parties do it, and the Democrats dominated the gerrymandering process from 1880 to 1980. Take a look at Chicago 4th: It was created to pack two majority Hispanic parts of Chicago into one district, thereby creating a majority Hispanic district.  It's called "earmuffs" for a reason.
Two sources were provided.  But for some reason they weren't posted.  Steve Donoghue in the American Conservative, "The Hell General Sherman Made", 5 December 2016.  Mr Donoghue documents Sherman's genocidal mind-set toward Sioux Indians, their extermination as his "final solution to kill all of the men, women, and children."   You have no problem with that! For shame  And Lieutenant Colonel E. Kennedy, former professor of history in Combat Studies, at the Army Staff College: "Nathan Bedford Forrest and the Battle of Fort Pillow, 1864", posted in War College, 13.7.12.  Colonel Kennedy documents General Forrest putting 14 wounded blacks on the U.S. Navy stealer 'Silver Cloud' so that they could get treatment at a Yank hospital.  Colonel Kennedy also recounts how the war criminal, Sheridan convened a "not-so-impartial inquiry. Sherman openly stated that he would try and convict General Forrest.  However, Sherman's inquiry also ended without substantive evidence to find Forrest culpable."
My math is not wrong. In fact, it is PP's own math. You have proposed a different scenario, that of shutting down PP contraception programs only, then used those numbers for the completely different scenario of shutting down PP entirely. That is completely faulty math and logic.  You also appeal to existing law to rationalize abortion. In the 1850s, the courts said blacks were chattel property. By your logic, you would have believed them at that time, a clearly immoral position as abortion is now.  Science clearly states the human life cycle begins at conception, not at birth. Yet you say the opposite is common sense. It is not.  Hundreds of medical studies have shown both medical and psychological risks of abortion even in approved clinics. Kermit Gosnell was an extreme example. Poor decisions have always come with consequences, which legalization has not removed but instead has resulted in 60 million innocent dead. Encouraging women to choose life is the only moral solution.
Mike, the Supreme Court has ruled that hate speech is not protected speech. The march itself may have been legal (there is some discussion as to whether they had permission to march at UVA or not...) but the display of swastikas coupled with the slogans they were chanting are not protected. The police could have broken it up, but that, of course, would only have played into their hands...plus it was white men with torches, not black men. What do you think would have happened if 150 black men showed up with torches spouting hate speech?
The history of racism against Indians is different than the history of racism against African-Americans therefore the comparison is pointless. Schurtz should not be fired in order for the UO administration to save face. It could be the beginning of a discussion of American racism. In the context of the presidential results, such a discussion would be productive.
China is not my enemy.   Not sure what they have personally done to you to deserve that title.    What is naïve is making a world black and white by creating enemies where none need exist.   We need to stop China from purchasing all our property which is what they are currently engaged in.....we need to stop foreign ownership period.   But not make uncecesary enemies.
"I'm not sure what collecting that will entail and prove?"   Your words ironically spell it out.  "east side officers are going to have black stops, the west side Hispanic, the south west -  white."  "Aurora is the same way, so is Thornton......"   Segregated neighborhoods. We have issues.
"The Blacks in Canada: A history " by Robin Winks is an eye-opener too.  I certainly didnt learn this stuff in my history classes.
BLM should take on its own racial community for all the denial and hatred directed towards LGBT community.  I well remember the complete lack of acknowledgment and support from the black "community" during the AIDS crisis in the 80's.  Why should care about their issues when they never cared about ours?  Why should I care about AIDS in Africa when they didn't care about AIDS in America?   They have plenty of work to do among their own before disrupting all the great work done by (overwhelmingly white) gay and lesbians in the society at large.   Heal thyself!
Why is it that Americans have become our worst enemies?  Black segregation occurred many years ago.  Japanese internment camps occurred many years ago.  And so on....  but it seems that many generations later, after the wrong has been corrected, the grandchildren/great grandchildren seems to act as if it happened to them, so they feel it is their right to protest, throw tantrums, threaten lawsuits/persecute and so on...  Is that really how we want our children to be raised?  With a sense of entitlement in all that they do?  If they fail, cry foul and pout, and pass the blame on their bosses.  If that doesn't work, blame what happened 40-60 years ago or longer?  This is not how I want my children and grand children to be raised and taught.!  Cmon and let's move on people!  Stop with the nonsense.  Even as I write this, I thread lightly so not to hurt any feelings.  So much for freedom of speech huh!
Trump will win because of this disturbing nonsense on a national scale with the mainstream media. Were not electing a Saint ! We're electing a person who can improve the economy and the jobs situation and one who will not push us into a war with Putin !   How about ADN reporting the Tracey Martin claim of Hillary calling a black man the "N" word when Tracey was a chef for the Clinton's years ago in the White House ? That's right ! Tracey Martin reported that Hillary angrily called a black man the N word when she didn't get what she asked for. His accusation is just as credible as every woman attacking Trump but Mr. Martin gets no coverage? At least for now but this story will come out very very soon. And Hillary calling Robert Byrd her friend and mentor after his death. Robert Byrd was the KKK leader.
And this, boys and girls, is a prime example of "deflection".  I'm 62. Dunno about Chicago and DC, but I've lived in overwhelmingly black neighborhoods in Oakland (85th in Fruitvale, neighborhood of the REAL Black Panther Party), black and "His-Panic" neighborhoods in south-central and east Los Angeles (Florence and Hoover, Baldwin Hills etc.) and southeast San Diego, overwhelmingly black communities in the Mississippi delta (Indianola, Glen Allen) and Kansas City, MO (58th & Brooklyn).  Got in a coupla scrapes when I was younger.  No big deal.  Is life more difficult and dangerous in poor neighborhoods?  I can testify from lifelong experience that it is.  Are they seething hotbeds of "git whitey"--style hatred?  Nah.  But I know better than to stop for food or gas in Sedalia, MO or Harrison, AR.  Therefore I tend to dismiss your hysteria about all these neighborhoods full of "scary black and brown people."  That's just how white supremacists rationalize their fear and hatred.
Trump did admit those things about grabbing stangers by the p-- and how walking in on teenagers in their dressing room is one of the perks of owning a pageant. Trump did say that the neo-Nazi, KKK, neo-Confederate tiki torch march in Charlottesville contained "good people". Law breaking Arpaio did do those all those things. Science denying racist Trump does still think the black and brown Central Park 5 are guilty despite DNA evidence.  All those things are part of the public record.  Trump found common cause with Arpaio because like Arpaio, Trump was a birther and Trump also willingly and repeatedly broke federal law to commit illegal racist acts-- Arpaio by continuing illegal racial profiling after being ordered to desist by a court and Trump when he illegally refused to rent to black Americans.   It must be embarrassing to have voted for a racist sexual predator who retweets white supremacists and has double standards for racist lawbreakers including himself, but them's the facts.
The "take a knee" protest is NOT a protest/demonstration against America.  It is specifically a protest of the treatment of Black Americans by the police.  The players "taking a knee" have, from the very outset, made that clear.  Efforts to demonize the players as "anti-military" and "anti-American" are baseless.  However, that doesn't seem to be stopping them.  Gary Crum
Thanks Ms. Moultry for  voicing your concerns and letting us know what you think and what you feel.  Certainly your voice as a black woman does matter, and I as a fellow human being should listen!   And I have.   Yes, I'm white, and so I say this to others who often respond to my concerns about racism in the U.S.  by saying I "have white guilt"  -  that retort is just another way to disregard the real issues, concerns and true voices of people  hurt by racism in our country.   If we are truly compassionate humans we should always  listen when someone makes themselves  vulnerable.  In this case Ms.  Moultry has and for that and all  she wrote  she has my deepest respect.
Please don't compare my Black self with who you have sex with. The Civil Rights struggle of the 50's-60's was about being treated fairly as a human being. Not about who I want to sleep with.The sex fight came much later using some of the same tactics as the leaders of Civil Rights protesters etc.I am forever grateful to the men and women fighting for the rights of black people to have basic human rights.( To be something other than servants or slaves) and not moving to a different lunch counter. Please stop comparing the ability to have homosexual sex to the rights of a particular race of people! As for the baker I understand his thinking. Maybe he should stand on one rationale only. Ephesians 5:3-7. I hope for the best for all. And that you come to know the truth. No. I'm not  hater.
Both articles review the research, and do not deny the truth of the similar results. They note that these are narrow studies - the Perry study in a poor black neighborhood in Michigan and the Abecedarian Project study on another poor black neighborhood in North Carolina.  The Perry study focuses on just one year the preschool year while the Abecedarian study includes subjects from ages 1 to 5 in early ed. Both are carefully controlled scientific studies so smaller satistics are needed to invalidated the narrow results. The results showed such wide contrast while so many variables were controlled by the experiment that there is no denying that the results are valid.  Also no denying that the cost of researchers and staff needed to interview and keep records over the life of the participants to about age 40 is expensive even when no instruction is done.   The authors just question applicability to large diverse kids. Not that the two similar studies  but of different states are good.
colonialism was the best thing that happened to the indians: it gave them an eternal excuse for their begging and self-abuse.  maybe they can replace it with a statue of one of their own who enslaved other indians or blacks.  the indians offer no truth and canadians are not interested in reconciling with the indians false narrative.
A lot of valid comments . From what I see and read here , is mostly WMC and sadly not much else , apologies Jeffries  Xhoba et al. Where are the masses here ? Sure , 'we ' might feel a pinch ...its always the poor that suffer . The same masses that keep him in power .      I almost cry when I hear 'By not voting , I am expressing my vote ' . See voter turn outs . Where are the +- 40% now shows at the polls ?      I was told on arrival here in 1972, by my uncle here , 'There will be black majority rule ' 'it will be good for a time , then things will change . We might follow the 'African way' of despots . Yet he had faith that once that 'wind of change 'had come and gone . There was a brighter future .     We had to wait 20 years for our Mugabe .  Who really thinks jz783 already has NOT  got  his exit strategy planned already ?    He must realise , his back is getting closer to the wall. What is his back door ?  His grip ? ....Financial .      jz the martyr suddenly quits ?
Happy Fourth Birthday  Black Lives Matter was created as a hashtag on July 13, 2013, and then became a global movement.  George Zimmerman was acquitted of the killing of Trayvon Martin on July 13, 2013. It was then that Black Lives Matter first became a hashtag—which lead to the creation of a network co-founded by Alicia Garza, Patrisse Khan-Cullors and Opal Tometi that since has expanded into a global movement dedicated to the liberation of all black people. Four years after its inception, the network is examining its progress and looking toward the future.  Under Donald Trump racial injustice is poised to get worse and black people are under attack in every way by conservatives and Trump sycophants for vocally asserting their right to live in a world free of white supremacy.   Black Lives Matter is an important player in helping people to build power, organize and work for change.
my black friend thinks it does.
You stated you have gathered a little nipping pack, that's grossly underestimated.  YOU have attracted a HUMONGOUS pack.   The more you BLAB, the more you attract.   You think you are tuff because you hide behind your skin color?   You are just another LOUD MOUTH driving around looking for another situation to file another black racial discrimination  claim and possible lawsuit.   Ooh Rah.........
My granddaughter attended a march in Orlando. Not one hate chant told hold. All was peaceful. They were there to say this man does not represent my values, along with their gay, trans, Mexican, black, Muslim, Jewish friends.
Maybe your expectations are too high of police training in this country. I challenge you to attend the Citizen's Police Academy here in Honolulu. Judge Steven Levinson did, has a new appreciation of how our officers are trained. As a commissioner, will understand the process and investment the city and county makes for the training of each officer. You never will get rid of corrupt cops, a the job that corrupts people, especially when it involves power over another. All you can do is vet them, train them, supervise them, and hope they make the right choice in their career. Problem with STL, black people have a hard time getting past the vetting system. Agree that they need more black officers policing their communities, better understanding of their cultural differences, but if cannot get past the vetting system, I wouldn't want to lower the standards. Miami-Dade County did in the 80's( increase Hispanic officers on force) and they got Murder for Hire cops working for drug lords.
Can you wake up soon, please? It's the Chump who's cheerleading the hate by supporting the white supremacists. So noble of you for declaring your hate for hate groups, EXCEPT for your tacit approval of the top HATE Chump.  By the way, do not confuse not liking the Chump and hate. Hate is what he and a large number of his supporters espouse - like killing Jews, Blacks, etc. That's not what the Chump opponents are espousing.
I hate hate groups rather they are for black or white supremacy. That said people have a right to free speech. Just because someone says something that offends you does not make it hate speech. The best thing to do with hate groups is ignore them don't give them the attention they so desire.
No worries, presently "white people" in the world represent 17% of the worlds population by 2067 it is estimated it will be less then 8%. This group is on its way to extinction; extremely low birth rate, high degree of inter racial mixing and the off spring usually identifies with the non white parent (Example Obama's mother was white and his father was Black Kenyan) his father left and he was raised by his white mother and his white grandparents but he still identified as being black.
BLM has no relevance in Canada.   From stories in the media I believe that across Canada there was only one black person killed by police last year (out of a total of maybe 20 persons killed) compared to perhaps 300 or 400 in the US where police shootings occur at ten times that observed in Canada. This same statistic holds true for the previous year as well.  BLM organizers should go back to the US and deal with issues not just of police extra judicial killings but blacks killing blacks which is all too common in large urban areas.
An awful lot of "good fathers" are in jail doing time for transgressions that are routinely considered "youthful hijinks" when they're committed by young white men.  You're still bashing Great Society programs from 50 years ago. Ever heard of the War on Drugs, or any thoughts that maybe it isn't being waged consistently across racial/housing lines? Every single one of those black men you listed, even though they are all at the very pinnacle of their respective fields, don't have the same freedom of movement that I have-not because of anything they've said or done, but because of the color of their skin. Search-and-seizure laws are not applied fairly, and prosecutors and judges routinely deliver decisions with racial disparity. You don't have to be a maven of alternative media to learn this stuff. You only need to pay attention, and consider other people's realities.
Well the only thing I can say is luckily the ANC is black. If it was a white organization the members would have been killed a long time ago. Another thing, the ANC steals much more from the blacks than the whites ever did. So you know, you get what you vote for.
"Has been part of the fabric of Europe" is a pretty vague statement, and so true as far as it goes.  In fact, Europe fought off Muslim conquest for centuries, and parts of it were conquered and under Muslim rules for centuries.  That is why, for example, the southern part around the Mediterranean in particular still shows the influence of Islam in its architecture, music, some vocabulary, etc.  Also in the status of women. The Mediterranean "honor culture", with women being under much more social surveillance, gender segregation, married women and old women wearing all black and covering their hair, etc. show the influence of Islam, compared to their more freewheeling social role in the regions that were not under its influence.  That is what Islamic inlfuence does for women's status.
You really believe you have a winning argument.  1. The number of people like David Duke who might MIGHT vote Republican is infinitesimally small compared to the rest of the millions, including blacks, who voted for Trump.  2.  The Democrats gave many people the boot when they started embracing anti-life, anti-American and anti-military and police hard core progressives.  3. Thomas Sowell has much more credibility than you or me.  I don't know what web sites you are going to, but you should ask for your money back.  Which leads to definitions.  Not sure what definitions you are talking about.  I am sure that liberal policies tore apart black families.  I will always have a hard time equating giving things from the government that keeps people from moving off of welfare and into productive jobs as helping them.  Blacks in D.C. were being helped get a better education through vouchers and Democrats took them away.  Not anyone's idea of help.
Most killings in the US are black on black.  Check Chicago South stats.  And most massacres happen in gun free zones.   Doubt me, check it out.
European countries don't have an enviable track record, it's true.  But we are by no means alone.  Hutu on Tutsi, Japanese imperialism, and Africans enabling the slave trade are just a few examples.  My son and daughter both attend urban schools with culturally and racially diverse populations.  Each of them has told me that anti-white bias is quite common. What's more, the perpetrators often maintain that they cannot be racist since they are not white.  And I have observed firsthand virulent anti-white sentiment from militant black members of the Nation of Islam while visiting New York City.  No, xenophobia is not the exclusive property of the white West.  We may have practiced it more than some others owing to cultural dominance over the last few hundred years, but we are certainly not alone.
LOL, is that like i have black friends?
You'd lose that bet.  My son doesn't have a criminal record, works hard to support his wife and kids and probably pays more taxes than you do.  Do tell on what grounds you assumed that he was guilty of anything.  To paraphrase Sidney Poitier, "ASSUME makes an A$$ of U, not me."  Or perhaps you missed the part where I said he was one of those released WITHOUT CHARGES after being roughed up.  So what, according to you, was he guilty of (other than "driving nice car while black")?
Jim, corporations get more welfare than the American people. Without a living wage, we support those that work at fast food joints and places like Walmart. We elected (twice) a black man to the presidency. THAT brought out the racists. Do you always blame the victims?
Wilson has been in office too long. Its time that the black community elect a younger person that has not been influenced by the "Black Panthers". I know that the black community has some very bright and able people that can do a better job than "Cowboy Hat" Wilson.
Noo,i wasn`t sarcastic or wicked but realistic i9n terms of where i`m comi8ng from.i said to this caucasian woman she must boycott places like camps bay  which are the enclave and fiefdom of whites until they have opened-up for blacks!the fact 6that she sees littlte of blacks it means denial of access in the name of members only or some other ruse!
But black lives matter.
Hawaiian's look nothing like illegal Mexicans that or Lorella Praeli, ACLU director of immigration policy and campaigns is a complete !mb!ile and can't VISUALLY distinguish the difference between an Asian, a Mexican to a black person. LOL   Their laws are to seek out illegals so if you look like an illegal Mexican you can rest assured that you might face some questioning no matter where you go in the US.
"Admire". That means the deceased was a black man :)
Trudeau supports White Gay supremacy - there is not much Diversity in Pride Parades they are mostly a Caucasian event small minority of Muslims, Blacks, Asians ... just look around at your next Pride Parade
Some one needs a nap.  You are really just swimming in this now.  Jack S. and STO couldn't decide if  Obama was 1/2 black or 1/2 white. You guys on the left  fixate on race so much, you forget there's a person there. You talk about him like he was an experiment in a laboratory. You know, Obama is a just a man. I think he's a decent man but has had some   policies that some consider   disastrous. I think history will judge him as neither white or black, but average as far as his  performance as President.   .
he's probably back in Sacto. No one was looking for a Samoan. they were looking for a black guy.
I do not want to hear about someone's perceived problems during our National Anthem. I also believe there are bigger issues for the mutimillionaire cry babies to consider. Presidents Jackson and Jefferson freed the white slaves in the early 1800's, Lincoln freed the Chinese, Irish and Black slaves. What about slavery today? Human trafficking? Illegal immigrants forced to work as slaves. People making millions off slavery today. There will always be Hatfields versus McCoys issues. Get back to football. It certainly appears to be too big of a distraction for some teams and very divisive for others.
The only good wake-up call for a nation too willing to reinstall heroism and idolatry to traitors to the nation.  The last remnants of the Robber Baron era ending in 1929 installing these monuments to the traitors as part of the rise of the KKK as far north as Indiana.  All a warning to all black people to stay in their Jim Crow places and obey the new plantation owners.  Trump and the Republican party attempted to generate the same rise of the same traitors, but, a little backfire occurred.  Time for a Revolution.
Not sure what you disagree with.  All I said was this level of cooperation is rare here, citing only 9/11 as the one instance where the whole country jumped in.  You agreed, saying that when Katrina happened, Texas fought to help them.  Then you went on saying how hurricane Sandy didn't see this cooperation.  I think you suffer from being too much American....seeing things in red and blue states and those divisions.  This is one instance where we're Americans, or more importantly, people.  There are cultures I know of who see the world that way (going to one of those countries next month).  I wish Americans would realize that's the advanced society we should seek.  Instead...everybody's an enemy.  LOL..but sad.  We're people.  We're not Dems, we're not Repubs, we're not red, we're not blue, we're not white, we're not black, we're not Russians, we're not Chinese; we're people.  Until we start seeing each other that way, we're going nowhere but down.
Saying that Donald Trump is the ultimate personification of white privilege is like saying Barack Obama, as president, is the ultimate personification of affirmative action and Black privilege sustained by white guilt, unless of course you can conceive of a white guy who had never run so much as a lemonade stand; had virtually no accomplishments in a very brief political career; and has regularly trashed the country to which he owed so much, getting elected President - twice!  I agree with you about pro sports being a meritocracy. Is that how you think the rest of society should run? Obama was totally unqualified to run a business or serve as a "corpse man" (his pronunciation) when he was elected. Both John McCain and Mitt Romney were far more qualified on paper then Obama. What does that tell you?   Hopefully you can see from this discussion, Stephen, how pernicious and distracting social justice diversions are from our gospel vocation, where we are brothers in Christ.
1)  The conviction rate black on black homicides in Chicago is 26%.  Most of the victims have a criminal record.  I guess it saves the taxpayers money to just let them kill each other off.  There's a crony-capitalist corporate structure in Chicago's drug trade: the top guy has an MBA, and territories are closely enforced.  The organization provides the upfront capital in the form of drugs, the lower rungs of the ladder are given quotas to meet and deadlines to pay them back for the drugs with a markup.  The late payment penalty is death.  It's quite motivating to others.  It pays quite well if you do your job, and it doesn't show up as income that reduces mamma's welfare.  But if you don't do your job well, mamma loses a dependent.  2)  Too rarely, indeed.  You might recall Ctaj posting ad nauseum for months re the Jessica Hernandez travesty.  I'm Ctaj.  3)  No argument there.  4)  I think the appropriate term is "proportionality."  Blacks kill ten times more of each other as cops do.
Let me add this, There is nothing heaersay about the feeling of the Blacks who had to sit through that homily. As one member stated she and her family were mortified as immigrants. They wanted to stand up and walk out, but they were too afraid to do that. The pastor's homily was all about the Dallas shooter.  His attempt was a feable attempt to defend Police officers. The homily became rascist is based on the race of the shooter who was black  and he stereoptyped all blacks hate people and need to go back to where they came from. The Dallas shooter was an American born in the United States and an Army veteran.  It was was when the pastor said from the Homily that they need to go back to where they came from the congregatino applauded.  He, not I specifically singled out all blacks needed to go back to where they came from. And in this case even those born in the United States. Shame on him!
Why guards turn like this?  I'll go out on a limb here and hypothesize that the reason "guards turn like this" is because drugs are illegal which manufactures a huge black market that makes money off selling them?  Wild guess.
Try as he may, Decker cannot erase the ugly racist history of the Democratic Party. All he can do is try to justify it and he falls flat on his face in so doing.  Furthermore, the Democratic Party remains the party of slavery, keeping black America enslaved to govt handouts in exchange for their vote.
This dreadful bombast from our president is meant entirely for US consumption. Trump doesn't get much of anything substantial done, but he works nearly 24/7 on shoring up his support among his base, in case he survives in office until the 2020 election. His base are a bunch of tough-talking yahoos, we saw them in action at his rallies, sucker-punching black people, yelling the "F" word nonstop. screaming "Lock her up!" in stupid unison, cursing Muslim people. Trump is absolutely shameless.  What about the rest of the world? This was a speech at the United Nations, after all. Trump alarmed every thoughtful person, meaning people who want to avoid nuclear war; and that includes the Japanese, threatened by North Korea's dictator. Japan doesn't want a nuclear war, having already been the victim of one.  What happened to diplomacy? Trump's base don't like diplomacy, they want to bomb North Korea back to the stone age, and they don't care about the assured collateral damage to our allies.
Adele has the voice of a thousand angels and for me was the clear choice-- regardless of race or gender. Queen B is very good, but we have seen her stuff before and she can't win all the time nor can all black singers just because they think they are better than those that win--reverse racism I call it.
Hmm. Let's review:  <<I don't know who you THINK you're talking to when you advise me to listen to David Blight. As a conservative, I am moved by objective truth, not bigoted emotions.>>  Don't think I can be faulted too much for reading this as a slam on David Blight. But OK, I misunderstood. Sorry!  By the way, you completely misread me, as well, which is unsurprising given the tired meme that conservatives aren't "moved by bigoted emotions" (despite ongoing susceptibility to the most brazen demagoguery). I don't usually concern myself with the interior racial views of individuals, which are often hard to discern. But are white Americans complacent or oblivious about the various forms of racism that continue to affect African-Americans? Absolutely. You are Exhibit A.  Trayvon Martin was executed by a panicky, trigger-happy vigilante and violent nutball. That Zimmerman was not-guilty by the letter of a bad law doesn't make him innocent or not a racist.
I don't know if it is related, but North Eugene Principal Iton Udosenata is a new principle and a black man who has worked hard to educate about the subtleties of prejudice.  I attended one of his presentations where he described growing up in Eugene and the overt and subtle racism he experienced. He grew up in Eugene public housing, succeeded in the public school system, succeeded in college and came back to his town to give back to his community. Since then he's moved up as a school administrator and was just hired to run North Eugene High School  that struggles with student performance and challenging behaviors. What makes this part of the school district so challenging? Comments please. I am optimistic Udosenata can rally the families. It is great to see the community come together over this issue but sad it is over this incident. I am hoping the graffiti was just some kids being kids. I was also hoping we'd more here denounce the message. The rally is also for those who have not.
Congress and the people who commit mass shootings have one thing in common — the majority of both groups are white men. Can you imagine what the white men in Congress would do if the majority of the shooters in mass killings were black? Then, we would see some action in Congress.
Dave, you can choose whose message you signal boost. Trump is signal boosting the KKK and global white nationalists. That's why they love him so much. Not only does he incorporate their ideals and messaging in his speeches and tweets, he has repeatedly retweeted actual, out and proud white nationalists. Not once, but repeatedly. Do you think it's a coincidence Trump had and still has more passionate white supremacist  support of any presidential candidate since segregationist George Wallace?   He was busted by two different Departments of Justice for repeatedly committing illegal anti-black housing segregation. So it's no coincidence his message today dovetails with the KKK of today. He's a bona-fide segregationist. This is why white nationalists love him. When he mentions our "culture" in reference to the white supremacist Confederacy and white nationalists, it is really is HIS culture. He has proven it time and again. It's not my culture.
Totally agree.  It's revolting to see a supposedly responsible citizen like MSW advocate the widespread disregard for duly enacted and just American law.  It's a race-neutral immigration law, for God's sake, not a Jim Crow law.  Who does he think he's fooling?    But as I look at the responses on this blog, I see a lot are being fooled---and allowing themselves to be---because hating America for having enforced Jim Crow law feels sooo good.  But one more time, kids:  Our immigration laws are not Jim Crow laws. Poof goes your cause.  Sorry, we don't live in those exciting 60s anymore. You can't rant about a diner that won't serve blacks, or scream about "separate but equal" schools. Sorry you had to miss all that. Ranting and screaming about those things was good and felt good.  But that's no reason to rant and scream about something completely different from Jim Crow laws, i.e., laws that regulate immigration. There are other causes to rant and scream about. Find one.  It's spring.
You mean there would have to be quotas of whites instead of the majority of the athletes being minorities as it is done today when based on merit?  Would there have to be quotas based on gender, too?  A certain percentage of transgender Quarterbacks for example?    How would you do the quota(s) if you had a black transgender and a black male and a black female all wanting to be the Center?  Would it matter which way the gender was 'transing'?  Would Female to Male be preferred over Male to Female?  It is so difficult to be fair!
What I find offensive is that the previous administration refused to condemn black panthers, Muslim brotherhood, blm, and the list goes on.
Black universities have been integrated for decades. It is white folks that have a problem with integration. It is against the law if the school takes Federal funds to segregate students. Some of the white students even play sports. When will the majority of white folks take responsibility for their behavior? I admit  equality would be a demotion for most of them.
Very few bad people on the trails. In 20 years of riding a bike on them I've had only one negative incident against many positive ones. Wait, make that two. I was hit by an out of control guy on a bike once. The trails are wonderful and for the most part are safe. I would point out this same section is where the bike commuter was attacked by a group of young blacks last summer.
Keillor is a notorious hate-monger.  He seems to think that people who live in this one small town in Wisconsin are just there to amuse elitists like him.  I've heard him say--on the radio!--things critical of his Lutheran upbringing. That tells you the low opinion he has of Christians. He's been divorced twice--that tells you his morals stink--and he lived briefly in Sweden, which tells you he hates America.  Why, I read on Breitbart (soon to be the official White House website!) that over 60% of the regular weekly listeners to Prairie Home Companion were blacks, Mexicans, Muslims, or queers.  Most of them didn't even speak English! That's who's been backing this creep all these years!
First of all, I wouldn't call excommunication "cupcakes & gold stars."   Second, I agree that Francis is challenging parts of the Church that previously saw themselves as immune from such criticism. I also agree that some of those quarters need a readjustment. But I also strongly disagree with the thrust of your original comment, i.e., that all that went previously to Francis was insufficient. It's a lot more complicated than that. Another data point to keep in mind: many of the highest ranking Church officials who have adopted Francis' agenda are John Paul/Benedict appointees. Schonborn, Wuerl, O'Malley, heck, even Francis himself. The Church is complicated, not black & white, which is the real lesson I think Francis is showing.  Finally, your last point undercuts it seems to me the thrust of Winters' original post. Namely, challenging elements of the "right" such as Church Militant ought to serve as a wake-up call to elements of "conservative" Catholicism not nearly as extreme.
With prior violent acts, she seems to be a spoiled brat who was taught by her atty. father to push people around.  Daddy in texas gives a blow by blow defense of his little girl in Nashville as if he was an eye witness.  Like many texans she carries a gun and used it by shooting him twice to "scare" him.  2 prior violent assaults but this time she "closed my eyes and shot".  Then when he kept standing she closed her eyes again and miraculously hit the target again with her eyes closed again.  Amarillo Annie Oakley.  She then flees the scene in a Porsche, hopefully driving with her eyes open. Imagine a black man whose dad was not a wealthy lawyer shooting a woman in the street and driving off.  Nashville would have had a fleet of officers on him in minutes and his chance of survival when police found him would be in the single digits.
Why are you people threatened by an intelligent, beautiful and strong Black woman?  Melania is beautiful also but her husband is bringing her down.  Don't hate on Michelle Obama...you don't need to be that way.  Unless your racism is showing.
im with harron on this one. uh is 97 years old. imagine if the policy in 1920 was, our faculty will reflect our community at large, and our student body in particular. white men protesting her statements remind me of white southerners that think its ok for black people to have to walk by a statue of lee to get their driver's license or for an atheist, buddhist or other religious person to have to walk past the ten commandments to file a land transfer document. public property is for the public. college students should expect to be taught by people that look, talk and act more like them. we all have biases, cloaked in the guise of values and unwittingly impart them to young minds. time to stop it. this lady is spot on in 2017.
Why does Harry Reid get a free pass?  "He [Reid] was wowed by Obama's oratorical gifts and believed that the country was ready to embrace a black presidential candidate, especially one such as Obama -- a 'light-skinned' African American 'with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one,'
crumble when the judge told him that if convicted, he could be sentenced to more than 50 years.  I resolved then that I would make some effort to warn kids not become another life-in-prison statistic because of sheer ignorance.  So, no, I certainly don;t "blithely dismiss" the wreckage that drug laws are having on young black men.  The inescapable fact remains, though, that crack consumption and trafficking cost lives.  If you care about that --- and I do --- then for the sake of saving lives, you won't flinch from imposing Draconian laws in order to deter or at least reduce the scourge on our society, including most of all, blacks.  Maybe it IS you who needs reminding that black lives matter.
Trump issues and others such as China issues will come up, and I doubt Trudeau will show much backbone for his own personal values. Politics has a way of making black look like white and vice versa.
Planned Parenthood is a nonprofit organization. Nothing they do is for profit, including screening women for cancer or STDs, providing affordable contraceptives to women, educating women in family planning and family budgeting and healthful meals, and, yes, abortion, which makes up 3% of their total costs.  It says everything about you that anyone has to know, when you say you won't bother reading about what Planned Parenthood does in treating 2.5 million women annually. You would rather cling to a "map" that shows Planned Parenthood centers treating only black and Hispanic women. No white women! Your "map" proves it!
The stages of disillusionment in South Africa is fascinating. It started with the right wingers that you fought heroically. Then it came to the middle class "don't care leave me alone" type whites. Then the truth started crawling towards the amazing liberal whites (no sarcasm... really). At some stage black professionals (the common engineer, or teacher, or whatever that try to make a positive difference in SA) started experiencing this dreaded disillusionment as well. The voting masses are still happy... even though the billions of grant money is not so slowly making its way to Dubai, India etc.
The key here is that if you are caught denying creative services to someone who is not a protected class, you are okay. If they are a protected class, not okay. So some people are more equal than others.  When non-creative services such as housing & food are offered to the public, it makes sense require that everyone be served. Ordering someone to use their creativity in a way that offends their beliefs is a more problematic issue. Dressmakers didn't have to make a dress for Melania Trump for the inauguration because they abhorred the person being inaugurated. Someone who paints portraits for the public would be defended if they refused to paint one of someone in a Klan outfit. If it were a black man who wanted to be painted in a hat that said "Cops are pigs", there are some who would defend it, though under the "wedding cake" principle, the artist should not be allowed to refuse just because the specifics offended him/her, because the customer is a protected class.
I disagree. She won the popular vote but the Electorate College put Trump in. In my opinion, racism and sexism were two  huuuge reasons for Trump's win. The Americans have never gotten over the Blacks as being equals and judging by Trump's cabinet, have never gotten out of the '50s. Sometimes we cannot face the truth. And yes, a declining educational system doesn't help either.
>You say you understand it, but you really do not. It is weird.  I understand perfectly.  You do not.  > "You are welcome to buy anything in the store, but I refuse to offer you the same services that I offer a different protected class, heterosexuals."  That's not what he said.  He offered them the exact same services that he offers heterosexuals.  He would have baked a cake for a heterosexual wedding for a gay couple.  > It is a fact that the baker discriminated.  No, it is not.  > Replace "gay wedding" and "heterosexual wedding" for black and hispanic. Is it still not discrimination?  They are not the same.  You have to replace "gay wedding" and "heterosexual wedding" with "black event" and "hispanic event."  Gay Wedding equals Black Event.  Gay Wedding does not equal Black.  One is an event, and the other is a protected class.
Because under bill Clinton he sold nuke secrets to the Chinese for campaign funds.  Under the Obama administration a newer destroyer while operating in the Black Sea was rendered completely out of commission and all controls dead until a Russian electronic warfare plane left the Black Sea. Let that sink in also under Obama the Chinese were able to steal the f-22 and now have that capability.  Let this sink in and think about it.
I think we should get rid of all memorials to the Black Panthers, after all they were a racist terrorist group.    If you appreciate Kasey and the legalization of drugs so much, why are not stoned out of your mind right now?  Or maybe you are and that is why you appreciate Kasey so much.
Outsider77: "Allowing a person to state their beliefs and respect the answer sans direct and convincing contrary evidence is just basic respect. (Unless one is trying to discredit a candidate for political reasons.)" Here's evidently what Trump thinks if we can take him at his own words: “Laziness is a trait in blacks.” Donald Trump, 1991 “Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won’t see another black president for generations!”  Donald Trump, 2013 “Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day.” Trump, 1989 "Jeb Bush has to like the Mexican illegals because of his wife." Trump, 2015
That is the Problem with the CBC they allow Illegal Foreigners to take Jobs from Citizens , Rape Robe and Steal . Illegal Aliens are not innocent they have broke the Immigration laws ,Steal SSN and IDS to Work.  Taking Jobs and lowering wages particularly for  Black Workers .Democrats  support  Illegals over the very Citizens they say they represents,  Her next job should be across the border.  Blacks and Blue Collar Workers are leaving the Democratic party for this very reason.   Democrats have put the Latino vote first , Citizens jobs and lives at the bottom of the barrel. I don't see how Democrats will win 2018 nor 2020 unless they abandoned their Sanctuary Cities because it is no way Illegals will be given amnesty or the right to vote !
"Of the 90,717 street checks between 2009 and 2014, 20 per cent involved black people, who make up just 9 per cent of the population, and 27 per cent involved white people, who make up 43 per cent of the community. (For 22 per cent, no race was documented.)"     Is this statistic skewed?  Yes.  Very much.  How is this explained? Where are the necessary "why" questions?   There are no answers. except to ensure that the Peel Regional Police make inquiry into their hiring practices.  Funny how few people of Indian decent are part of a force that polices probably the largest Indian population in all of Canada.  (With exception of Surrey B.C.)
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan,  America has been the best country on earth for black folks. It was here that 600,000 black people, brought from Africa in slave ships, grew into a community of 40 million, were introduced to Christian salvation, and reached the greatest levels of freedom and prosperity blacks have ever known. Jeremiah Wright ought to go down on his knees and thank God he is an American.
That guy is maurice symonette, aka "michael the black man," a conspiracy theorist nut job who was previously in a violent cult.  Read up about him, he's really crazy.  Fits right in with trump's followers.
Is it Bias or is it experience ?  Not all Bears attack humans but we are fearful of them and kill innocent bears proactively. And  cops killed nearly twice as many whites as blacks in 2015. According to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black.   Blacks are seven times more likely than people of other races to commit murder, and eight times more likely to commit robbery. When Blacks commit crimes of violence, they are nearly three times more likely than non-Blacks to use a gun, and more than twice as likely to use a knife.  Of the nearly 770,000 violent interracial crimes committed every year involving Blacks and Whites, Blacks commit 85 percent and Whites commit 15 percent. So when you are fearful and so much of the violence is coming from one racial profile you can see why a cop may be quick to react unnecessarily aggressive. Bias yes, but  based on real experience and statistics.
Not  all so called " whites" are Caucasian....melanin variations occur within races and ethnic groups reflecting  their migratory routes over the millennia.  There is certainly no white race, no black race....looking at  the Fitzpatrick pigmentary charts with its six main groupings there are no equivalent six races....I'm 2. 5 on the scale, taupe...fellow members of my race come in all pigmentations from 1-6.
Unless somebody has targeted you LFS, I wouldn't take it personally.   The country if filled with reactionaries on both left and right.  I have zero doubt we have some nasty forms of racial bigotry in this nation, all races.   It may be a minority opinion, but solid citizens are alarmed when the people behind these bigoted statement also carry deadly weapons.  The intentional display of arms and calls for violence, rightfully concerns a lot of Americans.  Don't be fooled by the some of the America First folks,  they want a return to a white America.   They have no idea of the world that black citizens lived in, or may still be experiencing, in term of being ostracized and marginalized.  Authoritarian bigotry is a real threat to a free country.   Age wise, a lot of black American families have grandparents that lived with rape, hanging, bigoted judges and police.   Those stories are a permanent part of their history that will never be totally forgotten.
Your not thinking logically, you are extremely slanted in your premise. First off you think law abiding gun owners are the number one reason. Clearly you are an advocate to disarm America. Three of your claims that they are allowed to buy, the fourth the gun was "given" to them. You fail to understand its criminals who use guns. Illeagly  obtained, Usually by theft and the black market. The government at all levels is also complicit in failing to report that the large majority of all crimes with guns are committed by illegally obtained means.
She'll probably get probation whereas a black man (or even an old white man) would do hard time.
You will find a very high rate of Mexican and Black DNA in these supposedly "white" Americans. They did a study on 100 white supremacists. Many were over 90% European. A surprisingly high percentage had Native American (i.e Asian, not Caucasian), Mexican, and Black DNA, with many possessing Arab ethnicity within 500 years.
So an illegal drug deal in broad daylight in your downtown. Then an angry mob threatens and taunts the police who are doing their job. Look, I'm a liberal but defending illegal acts and a threatening and potentially dangerous mob by saying "they didn't get enough sleep last night" just sounds batty. You're not doing us liberal any good with your knee-jerk response that all cops are bad and all homeless people are saints. Black Lives Matter, but this isn't Ferguson and you folks aren't black. The role models for this mob look more like Trumpies than BLM.
LMAO.My first several years in Law Enforcement were primarily spent on Graveyard shift in a predominantly black, "lower income area." Let me catch you with your  "white privilege" walking or driving around "the hood" in the wee hours. You WOULD be stopped and "FI'ed" (Field Interviewed) to determine who you are and what you're doing. LOL.Context is everything, your "white privilege" notwithstanding.  Dress up like a gang-banger with your pants hanging down around your knees and walk around a store,LOL, white or not, you'd be the object of interest by security personnel. You need to get out more! No-one anywhere, anytime is "equal". Our country is built, not on individual equality, but on equality of OPPORTUNITY.  You can make something of yourself, or you can snivel, sit around with your hand out, and become comfortable in your self-imposed misery. Excuses give lie to every individual who overcame whatever obstacles they were confronted with, minority or not.
Kupuna or parents, its all the same. Just have respect for people behind. No stand up when get people behind you. Simple. I may watch the video once or twice, but my thoughts is to archive it for my kids when they grow up and have kids to reminisce the old days. I cherish the black and white videos my parents took of us kids...and I love to see the faces of my young ones when they see daddy from kid days.
I think what Mr. Eastman is trying to say is that we should be honoring all members of the armed forces who built the Alaska Highway 75 years ago......not just the black ones. Black troops, made up 33% of troops who built the Alaska Highway. It really bite into the political correctness of the situation but are we still segregating honors by color even in this day and age? All of the monuments along the Alaska Highway are.....non-racial. Were black troops working on the highway treated unfairly? Sure but most black troops everywhere were treated unfairly, that was the nature of the beast back in 1940s!! Dawson Creek got a small museum on the highway. Black units are mentioned fairly along with the white units. Can't undo history but you can overhype it to make people feel better in their comfort zone. Maybe that is why Mr. Eastman is protesting, overhyping of history.
Just a quick apology.  I came off a bit rude to you.  You are right though as far as how they were written:  "Dashcam video shows white cop punching black man during stop."  <--I think you were referring to this article?  I see what you are saying but perhaps don't read much into it like you I suppose.
Alt left?  "agendas that don't include balancing nature with humankind"? "People are tired of the press not telling the whole story -- such as the danger wolves are to human lives. " sorry your attitude reflects poorly researched propaganda that is not supported by logic, facts or science and its full of fear mongering rhetoric. Much like Trump built on latent racism and fears against immigrants, blacks, and the LGBTQ communities  your charges resonate with people who scapegoat wolves and other predators citing the dangers of wolves. You correctly quoted the only confirmed death of an individual in all of the US and Canada and another suspected death. Both of these incidents  may likely have been prompted because the victim was acting like prey (running with headphones on) and the other victim was in an area where wolves had been habituated by feeding. As difficult as it is to hear these two stories, consider that Canada is home to some 60,000 wolves and the US to another 10K +_.
Here's what I have come across.  I saw hate crimes rise during the Obama Administration, starting with when he called the police officer who arrested the black professor who refused to show id outside of his house after the police were called to investigate a suspicious individual.  It continued with the rise of Black Lives Matter.  Anyone who doesn't think this is a racist movement, doesn't understand the basic definition of racism - "Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior."   When you focus on black lives as opposed to all lives, you are by definition focusing (or discriminating against the opposite) race.
It is interesting to compare the two countries, Canada and USA.  For the USA, from the article: "Just 61 per cent of Muslims said they had voted in the 2016 presidential election, fewer than any other major religious group or the public at large".  Canada was the opposite: Muslim folks voted in huge numbers in 2015, estimates put that between 80 and 85 percent. And a poll reported by the CBC found Muslim folks were over 30 times more likely to vote Liberal than vote Conservative (65 percent Liberal to 2 percent Conservative).  It is hard to compare Canadian and American Muslims. In America, about a quarter are black folks with centuries-long roots in America, a great many of whom have converted to Islam in recent decades. In Canada, a great many are extremely well educated, the children of professors and engineers and doctors who arrived in Canada in just the past half century.  It is unclear to me, nonetheless, why Hillary Clinton fared much more poorly than Trudeau, with them.
It's the American Civil War railroad to Canada again. They kicked out the black slaves then. Now they kick out the Mexicans, Africans, etc.   Canada border guards must arrest and deport all border crossers from the U.S. back to the U.S. without delay. This is the Canada-U.S. agreement on refugees. We must implement. Or build a wall and have Trump pay for it.   Yes I do have much sympathy and sorrow for the border crossers. But we cannot let Trump do his migrant chop with absolute impunity. His chop is beginning to flood Canada and we must enforce reverse deportation, kick the problem back to Trump. Else what will we face when Trump begins to deport 14 million undocumented.
I would agree to the known factual evidence that Blacks are, as with other citizens of color "clearly their own worst enemy." If non-white citizens truly want to change their situation they are going to first have to stop empowering the Democrat Party. The Democrat Party promises everything and delivers nearly nothing particularly when an election is under way. How many more years of gullible will people of color endure before they wake up and realize they are the victims of the Democrat Party. Just like the old southern plantation owners who kept people of color enslaved. The best thing people of color can do for themselves is to become informed independent voters and only vote for people who are authentic based on their record when comes to serving the American citizen.
I was referring to the practice of slave owners raping their slaves in part because it was a cheap way to get new slaves. Buying a full grown slaves with skills cost a lot of money. It was cheaper to raise one from birth. In Mary Chestnut's memoirs, she talked about how she and her friends resented the fact that so many of their slaves looked like their husbands. After the Civil War many white business owners in the South demanded sex for employment from black women. Black parents had a tradition of making sure their daughters got good educations because they would be less likely to be raped if they were a teacher or secretary. That went on right through the 1960's.
Yeah, your comment SOUNDS funny in this anti-colonial age, George and Athelene, but you and I know it's a very sad irony.  1960 was a big year in Africa: the citizens of 17 African nations danced in the streets, celebrated different names and new flags in that single year alone. More celebrations came later (remember Rhodesia?  Tanganyika? French West Africa? I was old enough then to collect their colourful postage stamps) Some (whites) shook their heads in sadness and disgust, when blacks took over. Not over the fate of the black peoples, but the fate of their farms, factories and homes that many thousands of "Massahs" eventually abandoned.   Whaddya know? Greedy, avaristic or--at the very least, opportunistic--human nature is colour-blind!     So: same old, same old.
Hey, let's do a quick online poll here:  Vote with a "yellow star" (agree) if you think that most of the problems faced by Toronto's black folks arise from decisions made by individual black folks and by black families, just as is true for Greek Canadians and Italian Canadians and Chinese Canadians and all other Canadians.  Vote with a yellow "sad face" if you think that most of the problems faced by Toronto's black folks arise from unfair decisions made by the Toronto Police Department related to racist cops, and that the Black Lives Matter group in Toronto is admirable for its role in being helpful therein.  Check back often to read the poll results below!
Agree with that sentiment, Bill.  What were Kaepernick and his fellow NFL players accomplishing by taking a knee during the national anthem?  If they were trying to raise awareness of issues in the black community, they messed up big time.  Kap and a lot of the other players who took a knee were black. They couldn't get their white teammates to join them in protesting, so they can't claim that their message has broad appeal.  Also, what are these players actually doing to help the blacks in their hometowns?  Are they helping them get good housing and a first class education?  Are they making the neighborhoods safer?  Are they helping them escape poverty?  From the looks of things, it seems to me that these entitled pro athletes are merely drawing attention to themselves.
Peter, let me try to explain. I'm a black, UO graduate, and retired from being the only black manager in  the 100 year history of EWEB. I was insulted monthly in managers and supervisors meetings for 15 years. I was routinely called a socialist or a communist. They were unaware of how I felt. They don't know that socialists and communists were some of the few white people that opposed lynching at the turn of the last century. They claimed there were no qualified black applicants. They have been next to the UO for 100 years. I know they are lying. Basically, white racism works when white people are ignorant of their own history. BTW, I saved EWEB a lot of $ too. I managed and fund raised for their low income assistance programs. For every $1 EWEB spent EWEB got $1.70 back. When I was an undergrad the UO tried to recruit me for football. I didn't want to play for a losing team. I never was able to see an academic advisor again until I got to grad school. What does that sound like to you?
People aren't complaining because she's black; they're complaining because she was chosen because she's black. For all I know, she was a fine individual but her accomplishments simply don't warrant this honour. By no reasonable set of criteria (accomplishments, length of public service, impact of Canada) could you call her a great Canadian.   Her story is an historical footnote--an interesting footnote, yes, but still just a footnote. So, by all means, depict her story on the back of the bill but don't put her on the front.
Your question should be  why is he pardoning the sentence of drug dealers be it white black or purple. Keep trying that black thing though you might get it right one of these days.
Remember, the KKK was formed by the Democratic party.  They not only went after African Americans, but white republicans too! It was the Republican party that sought an end to the KKK.  http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/kkk-founded
Wow, Jane!  What's with that remark?  To make a point, I chose to share with you some of my life story--I lived for 13 years in Tennessee before my family moved by to my dad's birth island (Big Island, Waipio Valley)--and you spit back a snide remark.  " . . . Who and what is being discussed at the moment?"  "Interpretation of racism?"  "Intensity of the discussion?"  Who knew so much was negotiable in Race Land.  To me, racism is black and white, no pun intended.   If people act or speak in ways that reveal they think their race is superior to others', then they are racist.  People can take pride in their culture and heritage without being racists.  People can take pride in other people's culture and heritage without being racists.  People could not care less about other people's culture and heritage without being racists.
Another Person of color murdered by the SPD.  Another mentally ill person murdered by the SPD.  Another mentally ill person of color armed only with a knife shot dead by armed-to-the-hilt cops...  If a mentally ill pregnant woman who weighs 100 pounds soaking wet can't be taken down by cops with tasers and sticks then those cops shouldn't be cops.    How come this country is the only country in the world where our police shoot mentally ill people? There are hundreds of videos from around the world where smart trained police take down knife-wielding people w/o lethal force. It makes me ashamed to be an American.
Majority of blacks are democrats.   New Black Panther Party | Southern Poverty Law... www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/grou...  The New Black Panther Party is a virulently racist and anti-Semitic organization whose leaders have encouraged violence against whites, Jews and law enforcement officers.
As a matter of fact I have been to the South.  I remember especially a trip there in the early 1950s and seeing AfricanAmericans in "the back of the bus"; seeing segregated public accomodations, seeing "WHITES ONLY" drinking fountains and being amazed at the racism and racial discrimination....and, yes, that Confederate flag was prominantly displayed.  Don't try to convince me the Confederate flag today doesn't represent racism and white supremacy.  Take a look at who proudly displays it as they march for White supremacy/ White nationalism.  Gary Crum
I would say the photo is not fake. It is a real photo. You even say it was taken in August 2015, admitting the photo is real. The question then becomes, does this family support Trump? If they do, then your whole premise is false. If Trump is saying this was taken at a Trump event, then that is the only false info about the photo. Something democrats are very good at doing. I do agree that if Trump said that 81% of whites are murdered by blacks, he is making a false statement. The statistic is factual, 81% of white murder victims are murdered by whites, not blacks. Only 14% are murdered by blacks. One statistic frequently not mentioned is that over 90% of black murder victims are murdered by blacks with a correspondingly low number murdered by whites.
This letter to the editor reminds me of "Black Lives Matter" argument.  Just because there was an article about the banning of endangered animals body parts to help species from going extinct, doesn't mean the RG is pro human abortion.  Same for "Black Lives Matter."  Just because there are efforts to stop senseless murder by law enforcement of young black men in the USA, doesn't mean other races of persons don't matter.  I'd like to add that the human population is currently at 7 billion and expected to reach 9 billion by 2050.  This is a huge problem as we humans are consuming and polluting many times more of the Earth's resources than can  be replenished, and there are approximately 40,000 humans dying every DAY from starvation and illness as a result of lack of proper nutrition. Maybe there should be more effort to help those who are already born first.  Let's solve these problems before trying to add to the human population via unwanted pregnancies!
I'm sure Cory has all the numbers he needs, and is just embarrassed to admit he supports this trash which clearly penalizes Colorado and gives money instead to the rubes in Alabama who haven't had a clue about how to run a state government before or after the Civil War.  Hey guys, ever think about doing something positive instead of destructive?  Fix things that need to be fixed rather than throwing the baby out with the bathwater?  Oh no.... that would be supporting that Black Man's efforts.  HINT: But for the Party of Greed, that Black Man's initiative would have been far better than it turned out, but he didn't work in secret, did have regular order, did have public hearings, and did work with the GOP to craft the best that could be agreed on.  I'm sure that was very, very offensive to the Party of Greed Over People. If Cory votes no on this thing, I'll eat my hat.
Indeed, 73 years ago civil rights for Blacks were almost nonexistent.  Some came home from helping defeat Hitler to the same discrimination.  There are powerful groups today who would be happy to take us back there, because equality feels like a reduction of their own rights.
Whether you like it or not Feeshon poor people tend to commit more crimes than any other class.    Inner cities within Chicago are predominantly black that's an easy target to pick on but there are cities that are predominantly white or Mexican and guess what the same problem occurs you see poor on poor crime.  In states like NM they have far fewer black citizens but still a very high rate of crime, that's because poverty doesn't have a race; If we filled philly & Chicago with poor people of any race & moved all the black people somewhere else you would still have the exact same problem.   I can't fathom how people are so quick to jump on race relations but can't seem to understand the socioeconomic & population issues surrounding crime. I'm not black but that doesn't mean I'm unsympathetic to any person believing that they should be able to survive nonlethal encounters with the law. Folks are lucky just to survive encounters with normal ppl anymore, who wants to worry about cops too?
I hear that the NAACP n Atlanta and black pastors are urging a boycott of the NFL unless Colin K. gets  starting job at quarterback! Why doesn't the Denver Post look into this and maybe do an article on it. If it goes nationwide, it would really be an even greater impact on the NFL this season, as many like myself don't watch the NFL already because of the players taking a knee.    Is this worth a story at the Denver Post or not?
He's not black, he's OJ...
Poplak fails to perceive Ramaphosa's shrewd handling of the powerful position Jcob Zuma inivted him into in 2012.  "Radical economic transformtion" he said "will only be achieved when all ... are able to share in the country's wealth as per the Feedom Charter. Its is about inclusive and shared growth; changing the ownership patterns of our economy. “We will also not allow our policies to be appropriated …(preventing) … citizens ... to reunite and remain vigilant with their eyes fastened on the movements on state institutions …government (is)…continuing to do business with “the usual suspects”….He however promised “that government will correct such error saying it’s not correct that black professionals... lawyers … accountants … asset managers … engineers, should languish in inactivity. He called on the different sectors to put the needs of South Africans first”.    This is a thumbnail of the very Reconstruction and Development Programme he was to implement for tata Madiba in 1994.
I think it is important not to call people names or state they are Satanic as some are doing.  This is an example of the black/white; good/evil; Manchean thinking the article raising questions about the "ecumenicism of intolerance" from sources "close to the Vatican" raised.  To move forward, we all need to dial down the emotional rhetoric, learn authentic dialogue skills, create safe places for people of differing points of view to come together to understand each others perspective (not necessarily agree with) in order to then work together to co-create true cultures of life reflective of our rich Catholic Social Teachings which are ground in the life and teachings of Jesus.
It's simple economics that any time something is banned the demand for it rises and a criminal black market emerges. Prohibitionists are very dangerous to the health (mental and physical) of everyone because they harm the economy, harm the health care system, the judicial system and allow criminals to control markets. I think that Colorado was very smart to legalize pot. That's one less thing that the criminal element of the black market can control. The paranoia has worked out well for home security companies and pit bull breeders too.
I somewhat agree but I guarantee the D's will be back. Half the country is solidly "liberal" or slavishly loyal to the socialist false promises of the D's. Blacks live on a D plantation even though they are suffering the most from illegal immigration. What ya gonna do?
Tom:   You are missing my point completely.  I am not personally judging the Nation of Islam.  I've never met Malcolm X, Louis Farrakhan, or any of other leaders or members of the Nation of Islam.  I am going by what the Southern Poverty Law Center says about them.  Are you actually criticizing SLPC's opinion of the Nation of Islam?   How you can you be so totally ignorant of the important role that the Southern Poverty Law Center has played in the civil rights movement in America, since its founding in 1971??  You really need to educate yourself.   Please read about how the SPLC has fought for the civil rights of black Americans for the past 4 1/2 decades.   Here is a link to an outline of their history:  https://www.splcenter.org/our-history  They are considered to be one of the premiere civil rights organizations in our country. .
"...Nobody ever thought actively to grant such a right..."  The majority opinion by Justice Horace Gray in United States v. Wong Kim Ark observed that: The constitution nowhere defines the meaning of these words ["citizen" and "natural born citizen"], either by way of inclusion or of exclusion, except in so far as this is done by the affirmative declaration that 'all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United State" Blacks Law Dictionary (10th Edition) defines 'Natural Born Citizen' as "A person born within the jurisdiction of a national government." From Senate debate on 14th Amendment: "...concerning the children born in the United States to parents who are not U.S. citizens (and not foreign diplomats), three senators, including Trumbull, as well as President Andrew Johnson, asserted that both the Civil Rights Act and the Citizenship Clause would confer citizenship on them at birth..." sourced from wikipedia
You're just arguing semantics.  Kind of how like "black" is used differently in different countries.  I don't see the need for Ozawa to bring up all their races though.  Seems like an attempt to stir the pot even more.
Vagrancy was designed to sweep up black men and sell them as convicts to cotton farms and corporations in the post-reconstruction south. See Blackman, Slavey by Another Name.
AgriSA's emphasis of black and government owned agri land potential should be read within the prevailing context - politically powerful people are making claims that black people own no agricultural land and, conversely, that white people own all the land. This appears not to be the case, especially in the more fertile Eastern Provinces. The reason why government and black owners are lumped together, is, presumably, to show how much land is not in the hands of white farmers.  Also it makes sense (via a concept such as land potential) to distinguish between, for instance, the huge and arid Northern Cape (almost completely white owned) and the more fertile Eastern Provinces (white ownership 52% of EC and 27% of KZN). In my opinion, the fact that a fertile farm is actually under utilised, should not lead to such farm being classified as having lower agricultural potential.   Thank you for drawing attention to this audit - let's hope it is further refined.
Whatever happened to personal accountability?  Planned Parenthood is blatantly racist.  Black women account for about 7% of our population but 40% of all abortions.  That's eugenics folks.
I interned in two different prosecutor's offices (yes, I know, you have actual experience as a prosecutor, and I don't), and during that time, I saw many incompetent defense attorneys.  I also worked pro bono for a while at a Peace and Justice Center, where I reviewed convictions.  I know some of the local public defenders.  Many people who end up pleading guilty at the local level are poorly represented.  I know that, in many parts of the country, black people are stopped by police and arrested with far higher frequency than whites.   Racism is part of the system.  Read Michelle Alexander's book.
Black Clad Activists ? Always wondered what happened to those Anarchists from Eugene, Oregon. They are on the side of nobody!
Going back over a year is meaningless. Over the last couple of months, Le Pen's numbers marginally improved, Fillion has slipped to 3rd, and Marcon has advanced to 2nd. The left-right spectrum you write of may be too simplistic. Certain voters (like blue-collar workers or blacks) that Clinton took for granted either voted for Trump or stayed home, and a similar situation may happen in France. Eventually, enough non-LePen voters may grow tired of strategic voting against her, and by staying home give her the victory.
You started off well, but ended badly. I for one was thrilled that a person of color was elected. He was not my candidate- I thought Hillary was a better choice and thought McCain was terrible so I did not vote for POTUS for the first time. But I and most of my moderate conservative peers were pleased the country went there, even though we were not impressed with Mr. Obama's history or politics thus far. But the man was very divisive, not only by race, and in several instances in his appointments and policies, but by class and wealth and religion and citizens' rights- remember "bitter clingers"? It was his politics, not his race, that those right of center were frustrated by. Your insistence that it was because he is "an eloquent black man" is the kind of rhetoric that has actually pushed moderates further right. It is divisive, period.
I saw your partial reply and you were just delivering another peteism.  Conservatives like me actually care about blacks, and minorities and women, etc, and don't want to use them to advance a political agenda.
The US never apologized for Slavery let alone paid reparation to descendants of black slaves. Contrast that to Germany which not only fully owned up to its dark history but made tangible amends by paying restitution and maturely teaching its people about the dark horrors of WW2. As a result, you would not see in Germany a spectacle similar to witnessed in Charlottesville.   I'm afraid until America fully owns up to its dark history it would never truly heal its racial wounds.
"Black Lives Matter"....."All Lives Matter".......it doesn't matter what shade of white or brown a person is: if the life of the person with the belief matters, then they should behave in a manner that exhibits that they ACTUALLY believe it. Black, or brown, is not more important than white, nor is white more important than black or brown. If you believe your life matters, then hold YOURSELF accountable and stop blaming your behaviors on low ambition, high self-gratification and your skin color.
I don't think you are qualified to call out racism in others, Charles. As my mother would say, that would be like the pot calling the kettle black.
Not a derogatory comment, but this team seems to have picked a lot of Black players.  Anyway, they are getting a little carried away and making a Mountain out of a Molehill.
Your argument seems to be that BLM is right because of their political agitation.  Despite the fact that these are fundamentally issues - LGBTQ+ issues and black issues, largely related to policing practices.  Even if there is of course some degrere of 'intersection', should BLM be dictating something to Pride of such fundamental importance?  No.  Not to mention all the things wrong with BLM-TO and BLM generally.  They are darlings of the majority (see: universities)!  How is that oppression?  They cause more racism than they attempt to dispel by aggressively creating boundaries and setting these constructed groups in opposition to each other.  How is that anti (black) racism?
The man pardoned for the 1945 case, under today's laws, it would have been ruled self-defense. The case involved elements of the era, racism,prejudice and segregation. He did not receive adequate legal representation or a fair trial. The trial was held in Juneau, his appointed lawyer was said to be a drunkard who made no trial preparations. Any witness that the defense should have called, had left on the ship, no statements were taken. He was told if he didn't agree with the deal offered, he would be hung.  At that time in Alaska history the only people hung between 1900 to 1945 were Alaska Natives and blacks.  When he finally applied for a pardon, his legal team(all volunteers) had managed to find some of the men who witnessed the altercation and get sworn statements from them, and from a few of the officers still alive. In addition to the statements, his attorneys showed after being released, he married, had a family, a steady job, and lived crime-free for over 50 yrs.
In what way is your above post a response to anything I wrote above it? What is the relevance of the year 1857? Could you elaborate a bit, my powers of esp are lacking today. Also, was it a question because you failed to use a question mark so I'm unsure.  If your concern about the recent shooting of Dallas police officers by Micah Johnson prompts you to make generalizations about all Black people you might consider not watching the news. Better to remain uninformed about high-profile, sensationalized shootings and maintain your ability to see African-Americans objectively than to lose all perspective.  I fail to see the potential for conspiracy with regards to the Dallas shooting. Johnson was ex-military as were a great many mass shooters, he was described by his family as damaged by his war experience and the current climate of anti-Black racism likely didn't help his frame of mind.  I find your response to my criticism of your racism unsatisfactory.
So, it appears that black liberals are the ones doing the edits on a Conservative black congressman....but you infer it in your headline that whites were doing this. THIS is why you and the rest of the Swamp rags are considered Fake News. Do you REALLY think people can't see thru your agenda? Your arrogance rivals your bias...
1 to 1.25 Million Europeans were enslaved by the Barbary Pirates; whole communities along the Mediterranean coast were emptied out. The entire town of Baltimore in Ireland was enslaved in one night. How did it all stop? The US Marine Corp that's who. Oh yeah and who stopped the Nazi's from completing the final solution? Other Europeans/Russian/Americans/Canadians/Indians that's who. Who stopped the Armenian Genocide? Um ....no one. To this day have Muslims (Turks) admitted to the crime? No. When the Bosnian Genocide was in full swing, who eventually stopped it? NATO. Darfur? Black Africans rounded up and slaughtered by Muslims. See a pattern here?
Interesting that a police float continues in the Caribbean Carnival parade given that celebration more than Pride symbolizes the black community.  Why didn't BLM make the Caribbean Carnival parade the primary target for disruption?  Word is that quite a few black groups and associations are not particularly fond of the BLM leadership  and if they had tried the same tactic, the response might have been ugly.
goddez,  spot on.  There actually available maps that show the historic routes, nothing surprising here.  Incidentally, these are not the tracks used by Wiley Griffon back in the 1890s with his mule powered streetcar; those rails were shipped to Cottage Grove by Dennis for use in his Black Butte mine when he closed his line  which  ran up Willamette    from the train station to 11th then west to the university. These rails are from our later, electric system which was a great success.  Griffon, from this and other work, was able to buy a little house  in 1908 on the Millrace at 4th and Mill (not at 3rd and High as the Eugene Weekly has claimed) which was the first owned by an African American here; not  another until the Mims at 3rd and High 40 years later!
As usual, I basically agree with Ivo. As far as the extension of small-scale agriculture is concerned, as long as rural people do not have freehold title but, instead, 'rent' the land from a feudal aristocracy, they have no incentive to invest (even if only through 'sweat equity') in the improvement of the land. Instead, unless they are lucky enough to crack a government job, they are, in effect, tenants who subsist on state welfare. Or they flee the rural areas in favour of RDP houses (if they're lucky) and shacks - again with no freehold security of property. Radical Economic Transformation, and food security, would be better served by extending the participation of the 'masses' in market capitalism. Let's be really radical - give ownership of the land on which they live to all black people - in rural areas, townships, RDP houses and shacks?
"None of that is relevant to anything. None of it even matters." - if that were true, why does Trump feel the need to lie about it?   Lying and berating the press for reporting "Lots of people came to see Obama's inauguration simply because it was something different to see a black President being sworn in." isn't going to heel that division, it increases it.
Yet blacks only make up around 13.2% of the country. Using your numbers that is still a very disproportionate number.
The standards of civility and sensitivity are extremely high at this point in time.  Perhaps he was attempting to be cultural sensitive or perhaps he was clueless.  In either case it seems that this is a teachable moment for all to examine their own ideas of what is required during this time of challenge and change in our society.  My wife, southern bred and white, just loves cornbread and collard greens and grits.  Perhaps the Black students are too sensitive and perhaps the university president is not sensitive enough.
The Black Panthers were a group that existed in the 1960's. That was a while ago. They don't exist today, and if they do there are only 6 of them and I don't perceive them a threat. Black Lives Matter is a group formed to protest the wanton killing of young black men and women by racist police forces. Why anyone would have a problem with that is beyond me. The KKK has killed thousands of Americans and has no right to exist. The Nazis have killed millions of people and have no right to exist. See the difference?
UMMMM who illegally killed the endangered whale, left the meat to rot and admitted it? Asians? Nope.... White man? Nope ...African American?  Nope.... Pacific Islander? Nope.. Alaskan native? BINGO!!! Nothing racist about it. The only thing racist is due to their race they were allowed to walk, what other reason can you think off? If a village of Black Americans murdered an endangered whale and left the meat to rot do you think they would have walked away free? And yet again your name calling does nothing to help your racist remark. Why do you insist they did not do wrong? Let me guess, you are one of them from Toksook Bay?
Says the Don Quixote of whiteness and privilege. When was the last time you actually had a conversation with a black person? Never mind...
Maybe he is a hero in the black community because he has not gone to prison (yet)... maybe because he has not knocked up ten different women (yet)... and the list goes on. Giving him "hero" status sets the bar way lower than it should ever be. We used to have standards but this is further proof of how much those standards have been purposely eroded to include people the naacp supports.
"...police in the town of Tenaha, Texas, regularly seized the property of out-of-town drivers passing through and collaborated with the district attorney to coerce them into signing waivers of their property rights...In one case, local officials threatened to file unsubstantiated felony charges against a Latino driver and his girlfriend and to place their children in foster care unless they signed a waiver. In another, they seized a black plant worker’s car and all his property (including cash he planned to use for dental work), jailed him for a night, forced him to sign away his property, and then released him on the side of the road without a phone or money." ---Justice Clarence Thomas
Mr. Osman,   I do not see Mr. Hanohano putting words in your mouth.  I see you misinterpreting what he is saying.    You're building a strawman argument when you endeavor a fallacy by suggesting that the Native Hawaiian pursuit of federal recognition through established United States procedure is racist and that it deprives you of your right to own land, vote, and hold political office.  None of that is true and you perpetuating a lie.    You're also endeavoring a logical fallacy, when you suggest that any of us here are blaming Whites for "everything wrong in Hawaii."  NO ONE is saying that here.    Systematic oppression obviously has an origin.  The systematic oppression of Blacks in America has racist origins.  The systematic oppression of Native Hawaiians in Hawai'i was borne out of a racist movement that overthrew Native Hawaiian agency.  Failing to recognize that is a failure to recognize the source of the problem.   Whites aren't the problem.  Racism is.
BC,   Your positions are always so black or white. No border is impermeable and no law is perfect. While some guns do indeed get through our borders today, far fewer do as a result of our controls. Moreover, statistics bear out that Canada is a far safer country to live in as a result of our controls on firearm possession and use. As for alcohol, tobacco, and drugs, I do not support prohibition policies.
Yup. And so is she. Clinton had Michael Brown's mom on stage at the DNC convention because her son was a "victim of gun violence". Lots of actual victim's families out there but she chose the families of people killed by police during the commission of a crime. The obvious reason is she was playing to her crowd and pandering to the folks that believe the cops in this country are out to murder black folks. But then, that is what politicians do; look for the largest crowd and say what they think the crowd wants to hear. There is always a bogeyman that causes your problems and the politician swears they will fix that problem. Illegals, taxes, employment, crime, guns, national defense, education, there is always a threat just around the corner and we will fight________whatever the group chosen until we win or they get re-elected.
Explain those side effects to the Black family   http://www.charlotteobserver.com/living/health-family/article11620775.html
Essentially, this means than any undocumented worker stopped for a "broken taillight" can be deported immediately. And we know how sensitive police can be based on their treatment of blacks.   And what about all the "citizen's arrests?" What's to stop people from rounding up undocumented workers and depositing them on the steps of the police station?
I am just trying to follow your two trains of thought as they race in two different directions ...on one hand what Ms. Shutrz did "violated a university policy that even most students know about. Posters warning students not to violate university policy by "performing ethnicity" appear every year in UO buildings..." but when Hillary does it to a group of clapping black women who would have applauded anything she said (as this event proves) it's OK because to not do it would be an injustice? Your left wing blinders must have precluded you from noticing the blowback from the black community after she did that. I quote other people all the time without imitating them...am I doing those quotes an injustice? So is performance ethnicity good or bad? or is it bad when anyone does it except Hillary ?   Please don't concern yourself with talking over my head ...you don't have the gray matter or the candle power to climb that high. English is not my first language, its just 1 of 6
So that is what AK Snowman was meaning? They were getting off the topic at hand and talking about white vs black conceal carry, even though this wasn't a race issue and the police that shot the man was black? Ok, now I get it. AK Snowman must have ADD.
Uh, no.  Those numbers pertain to votes that were cast, not to the total eligible voter population.  Big difference. . The problem with vote suppression is generally the votes that were not cast.  For every 100 votes not cast, the Republicans lose 20 - 25 votes; the Democrats lose 75 - 80 votes.  That is why Nate Silver was using a 3:1  estimator.  That is the slope of the curve at a 50% - 60% voter participation rate. . West of the crest of the Appalachians, and south of the Susquehanna, the whiter, poorer, more rural,  more poorly educated, and more evangelical Christian a county is, the more strongly it voted for Mitt Romney, and the more strongly it voted for Donald Trump. . Donald Trump's victory came from getting poor, blue collar whites and a fair number of blacks in the Great Lakes basin simply to stay home on election day as a result of vilifying Hilary Clinton.
I am sorry, but by insisting on a special law for Muslims, you are jumping on the 'Black Lives Matter' bandwagon, asking for special treatment. .  There is no need for special treatment, the current laws making racist behaviour/remarks unlawful serves all.
Please share with me proven "facts" from this ridiculous letter, and please read the letter as if is was written from an average black person and not Coretta. I read there are some voters that were harassed and/or intimidated and she assumed it was a conspiracy to keep them from voting. This is her opinion and right to write the letter, but nothing was proven, and the guys in question were acquitted, right ? Is this the gist ? If she had such an iron clad case, why didn't Biden hang Sessions at the time ? Surely he had motivations. You are simply playing the race card (as she did) and the allegations had little substance, but I see now, there are many who will continue to use "Poor Corretta" to disqualify a Senator with more than 30 years experience. Give a break - King is not more special than any of us are.
I never said it was derogatory independent of context in a pure sense. The problem is that it is used in a derogatory way so much that to lead of a conversation with "Haoles are the group most discriminated against" is strange to haoles. Its like saying that one can use the n-word because they have black friends. The opposite is actually true. So, basically, what's wrong with the way you present your argument is that I don't believe you. It's inherently disrespectful, though I understand that's not what you intended.  A post that doesn't meet CB's community standards will still "appear", it will just say that it didn't meet standards. So again, I don't believe you.
The association of the Confederate flag to the swastika exists in YOUR imagination, not my defense. I've never seen defenders of the Confederacy defend Nazi Germany. Ever. I suspect you haven't either.   The CSA and its flags are not analogous to the Third Reich and the swastika. For them to be comparable, 66% of the black population of the South, or 2,640,000, would've had to have been murdered by 1865. Obviously, that did not happen because by 1870, the black population was 4.9 million. An increase of 900,000 is clearly not the same as a decrease of 6 million.  There were no concentration camps, no gas chambers, no mass murder, no mass graves of saves in the Confederacy.  Want moooooore?
And you'd have a point if premiums hadn't shot up everywhere, including states that went along with the "Scary Black Man."  But they did, so you don't.
And Trump is your president. With any luck you'll have black slavery legal again in the U.S. before the conclusion of Trump's first term.
You're not funny, not at all.   You don't chose to acknowledge the violence committed against black citizens in America.  You defend the KKK while admitting you don't have a shred of knowledge about them yourself.   One does not need to know a KKK member, and I most certainly would not have a KKK friend, to read, see and hear their screed of hate and read of their long history of violence against blacks.   I am less familiar with their anti-semitism, but it's a safe assumption it's part of the love of Nazi history that goes along with white supremacist group.    The fact that you are ignorant on the activities of either of these groups only makes you common, not exceptional.     I'm not calling you racist or bigoted Out, but I can't find the tolerance for your lack of caring or understanding these far right groups  after 60 + years in this country.      The thing you got right is that the nation will never be free of bigotry.   Humans Can chose wisdom over impulse.
Apparently black students find cotton more offensive than this story.
Why did ADN withhold reporting the race of the suspect, especially when he was still at large and clearly extremely dangerous to the community?  The police reported the suspect as being black and the ADN withheld that information in all its reports.
Your last 3 paragraphs add to a dialogue.  "Conservative" is not the same as extreme. Nor liberal. Extremists co-opted the term conservative. We should reject binary either/or and embrace both/and. Grey is larger than black and white. A point of the La Civilta article, no?  "Tentative leadership" is taking a stand.  Is this article birthing a new form of leadership?  Significant the authors of La Civilta are Protestant and Catholic , bringing to the table 2 dominant players in Christian divergence. The RCC is the singular majority Christian group and invited the Protestant pastor to the table to write this watershed article.  Currently, Republicans are talking about Democrats being at the table for the reform of healthcare.  Republicans are the majority; they have yet to invite the Democrats to the table.   In the issue of extreme religious interpretation the Vatican has invited Protestant equality to discern conflict.  Affirm: each need to clean their own house! Dems and Reps, too!
Also, you are quite welcome for the reference to General Forrest's order to send 14 wounded blacks back to Union lines.  A Yank like Al is often apparent by his "cow pasture manure" manners and erudition.
Dang, if that ain't the pot callin' the kettle black?
Well written and so true.  The reality is that there too many parties willing to get on board and steal form others.  the chartered Accountant title in south Africa is something highly sought after (I am one) and when we see the big 4 in their true guise then we are disgusted.    Where were these leaders of industry to rail against not one black begin appointed as a partner prior to independence?  Where were these noble partners who upheld the ethical standards when their clients would not "allow" black interns onto their premises?    All that changed was a government wit ha different colour skin yet the skills to aid and abet wrong doers remained.  We can all see the bottom of the hill and are just wondering when we as a country will get there.
As an exercise for our Modern Civil Rights in America class today, go through Mr. Dalton's post and substitute the word "Black" for "white", and "Detroit" for "Kansas".  Question #1.  Does this substitution change the tone of the remarks in any meaningful way?  Question #2.  Which version of the quoted passage would be more likely to involve the writer in "hate speech" litigation?
Isabell asks what do the police want from them- meaning blacks. A good start would be not to pull a knife on a cop- never a good idea. It doesn't matter if the person was suffering from mental illness or not- if the person stabs the cop, the cop will be just as injured or dead.
Thank you for mentioning the DOJ's report on the treatment of Ferguson's black citizens by law enforcement. Of course this report is roundly ignored by critics of BLM. Thank you as well for your thoughtful reflections on the death of Michael Brown, here and elsewhere. It's all too easy to imagine how this tragedy came about.
The Republican Party cynically and deliberately embraced a strategy doomed by demographics. They serve their wealthiest supporters in using the politics of division to pit bigots, Christian fundamentalists, rural residents and the less-educated white working class and lower middle class against blacks, Hispanics, urban residents and the educated middle class and upper middle class.  If the GOP even has a soul to buy back, it's rancid. Time to spend a decade or two in the wilderness rebuilding a party fit for the 21st century.
What has perpetual victim hood gotten the black community?
Well good for him...  but not too brave. Let a Black, Latino, or Arab person - who's NOT a former D. A.  -  try and walk through that Klan rally wearing that shirt, and se what happens...
Black Live Matter have their ignominious history to answer for, as this video demonstrates:   http://dailycaller.com/2015/08/29/black-lives-matter-protesters-chant-pigs-in-a-blanket-fry-em-like-bacon-video/
Don't you think a black owned SA company should be the proud new buyers of this giveaway priced Gupta company? Aren't you against White (Swiss) Monopoly Capital sale as a proud ANC member ?
California  has been in the same situation as Alaska for years. Because the Governor in opposition to his party started veto ing some spending they are finally in the black
I do wonder what the proportion of crimes committed by blacks as related to the overall population is?   Then I wonder what the proportion is in certain high crime areas? Then I wonder the proportion of black crimes in high income areas? Black on Black crime appears to be high in certain areas. If the perp is black according to witnesses then why target any other group? With increasing number of blacks in the police forces I also wonder how many black arrests are made by black cops.    O me O my the number of  "I wonders" most unanswered.
Time to start punishing people who kill others with vehicles and then run away....is it only well off, lawyered up, white people who get away with this crime?  Wonder what happened to the middle aged African American man who ran over & killed a young girl from a village at the Barnes & Noble parking lot a couple of summers ago?  Did he do time?...or did he have a REALLY good lawyer?  And, finally....are State workers who test these young people for their drivers licenses doing anything to emphasize how LOW and how inhumane this crime is?..  There should be  some proactive education going on at the State level.....perhaps some well done PSA ads aimed at young people......tv & radio ads  God Bless Brian Ballots soul.
#blackriflesmatter :   Ahhh...thanks.   Perhaps deemed by the Mass Media as too 'boring' of a firearm to mention it's pedigree?   "Not black? No large capacity magazine? Not an "Assault Rifle"?   Not a AR-15!? Good gawd...Does Not fit The Narrative, Not Newsworthy.
This is b.s. white people keep trying to make it about disrespect for the troops. It seems as though they had no issue with the police with police disrespecting and killing black people.  I served in the USAF and I thought the reason we serve is for EVERYONE freedom and liberty. Funny how it seems to be an issue with black people protesting peacefully. For those of you that don't know, it was an NFL player that also served that asked Kapernic (Not sure of spelling) to neal as opposed to sitting. If you don't like most of you don't give a damn when you see a veteran out of work or could care less when you see a homeless veteran but black people are protesting so it's disrespectful. So, instead of thinking you're doing something because you found you a cause for the moment, try acting like a human being and stand up for the atrocities that the police get away with committing against unarmed citizens. (Not referring to or defending criminals.
I don’t hear Colin kapernick saying anything to the press nor did he start a civil rights group to help his stand for better treatment for black people. All he did was kneel down during the national anthem as a protest. Now all these wanna be protesters are putting their job in jeopardy for this guy?
I agree with the native part (you will find many in the cities, not so much in the bush). But having lived in the area for decades working in forestry, I can guarantee that you would run into many bears (mainly black, some grizzlies), as I did very frequently while working in the bush.
Sure. But, as I read him,  EFC1127A said more Blacks were in prison for drugs because they chose to break the drug laws. It's generally understood that Whites break the drug laws at the same rates, so that wasn't really an explanation. I offered the conjecture that different styles of policing in different communities contributed to the disparity.  And now you seem to be agreeing with me. I don't see how I have earned your scolding. And I certainly don't dispute what hadn't been mentioned, that high rates of gun violence play their part in policing tactics, and that gun violence is concentrated in Black and Latino neighborhoods. I live in one. It's pretty hard to miss.
sounds like a racially based witch-hunt to me, with a lot of black privilege thrown in under the auspices of racially based legislation - the pillars of the new apartheid - AA, B-BBEE
All taxpayers. Most taxpayers are black.
I appreciate that Lawrence sees the need for more emphasis on the murders of our black citizens in failing neighborhoods.    We do no favors for our black brothers and sisters who suffer from threats of crime, loss of life, lack of opportunity, failed schools, if we don't help to stop the criminal who take advantage of the innocent.    Makes no difference if the murderer is white or black..... or does the color of the victims skin make a difference to 'the people'?     If we print Chicago murders daily in Eugene papers Lawrence, will you feel any concern for the citizens of Chicago?     Would you be OK spending federal money on Chicago for law support, or, is it just 'their problem' not ours?     It's a fair question that good people might disagree on.
The middle class have become to Justin's Liberals what blacks are to Democrats.  They'll talk a good game at election time, but take their votes for granted and give them nothing in return until it's time to talk it up at the next election.
Is it the "black" in the term Black Lives Matter that upsets you so much? Try looking at issues through neutral glasses and use some understanding and compassion.
My requirements haven't changed.  American white supremacist institutions are, and have been since their inceptions, inimical to people of color to a degree not experienced by the majority of white Americans, because those who control said institutions rely on them for military and political support.  They are a plague on the world.  Unions are attacked for going on strike.  Black folks are attacked for EXISTING.  They don't have to protest or strike to reap the billy-club, bullet or noose.  Their very existence, like that of Palestinians and Native Americans, is a "threat".  The kinds of malicious injustices visited upon Americans of color then and now has no comparison among white Americans.  If anyone is twisting anything, it's you, sir.  You're twisting history into a fantasy-land where nobody and everybody is at fault, and it'll all get better with a unified 'electorate'.  Are your feet wet?  And do you see pyramids in the distance?  I suspect you're deep in DeNile.
I agree that the players have a right to protest.  But last year, out of a black population of 20 million, 16 unarmed black men were killed by cops, 250 including those who were armed.  And that's 2.5 times the rate of white people killed by cops relative to population.  That's bothersome.  Each year, about 2400 blacks are victims of homicide committed by other blacks about 90% of the time.  That's more bothersome.  That's what I'd be protesting if I were black.  Address that, and maybe white people would take your Black Lives Matter movement more seriously.  When blacks kill other blacks about ten times more often that cops do, apparently black lives only matter when you want to divide the country over race.
Come on miss lady. Blacks have been Lynched in America since Europeans began colonization so now that we finally got a platform to address our grievances people like you try to silence us by villainizing us all. I'm  from the hood and was terrorized by gangsters and thugs as a child. I didn't want to be there. You think I enjoyed being robbed, or chased by trouble makers? The FBI and all their data and intelligence couldn't stop the flow of guns and drugs but it's easier to blame the gangsters than the people who is paid by us to protect us. But your views as a white woman don't surprise me. You was brought up that way.
"Southern churches, particularly in New Orleans, had segregated pews."  But people like Sister Katharine Drexel (now Saint) and her religious community (Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament) didn't sit idly by. While it was customary to make blacks stand or sit in roped-off areas at the rear of a church, she and her Sisters (heeding her direct orders) made sure that Catholic churches connected to her Community offered two rows of pews running from front to back, one for blacks and one for whites, side by side. This small gesture in the direction of equality gave Catholic and Protestant (segregationist) authorities no statutory grounds for closing down her institutions, her sites of worship. In 1915, she also founded Xavier University for African Americans, which institution continues to place more African Americans into medical schools than any other college in the US. Sadly, other religious orders, parishes didn't follow suit. But Drexel, St. K. Drexel, was something  else!! She had grit.
We Must Protect our wilderness and the wildlife therein from Special Interest groups with Anti-Predator agenda! The game board deciding the Fate of our predators (specifically  Wolves)  is akin to entrusting the civil rights of blacks to the KKK. We all Know how that worked for black's in America  for generations until their mindset was rightfully swept away! This antiquated anti-predator mindset governing not only Alaska's game board but Idaho,Wyoming,Wisconsin & Minnesota,Montana and Michigan must also be swept away, it is Past time.
I am ignorant of the law? Wow. That is funny. What law? The Colorado law that forbids discrimination based on sexual orientation? No, you have proven that you do not understand the Constitution, discrimination and the actual case. You have not offered any evidence to prove your spam contention that he has to "forego his religious beleifs" to operate a business.  The baker is asking to legally discriminate If the baker said that he could not serve black people because of his religious beleifs, would you support that?  It is the same thing, discrimination. "This feeling is a reasonable belief that he is allowed to have by the law." No one is asking him to change his mind or compromise his beleifs, no matter how backward they are. The government is asking him to treat all people the same. Just like the Golden Rule. You must hate the Golden Rule. If he does not want to bake wedding cakes for a protected class, then he should stop making wedding cakes.
It's politics; there will always be a divide over that, but it has never stopped us from unifying as a country.  But when one group - liberals - seeks to represent factions instead of everyone, then that makes unification of the country impossible.  What factions do Republicans talk about representing?  None.  The Democrats label them as being the party of the rich, but there are a lot of poor Republicans.  The Democrats label them as the party of Whites, but there are lots of Blacks, Hispanics, and Asians who are Republicans.  Dems divide; Republicans unite.
You might try reading my original comment and see if you can figure out where you're making errors of logic in the things I've said and my positions. Or, keep posting unfounded assumptions and making a fool of yourself, I don't care!  By the way, the alt-right are self professed white nationalists (at best), so they are racist by their own admission. And the grand poobah of the alt-right is Trump's main man in the White House. And Trump himself is a proven racist (refusing to rent to blacks, among many other things). So yeah, if you support Trump and/or identify with the alt-right, you are supporting racists, which makes you a racist. You are either against racism (which means you don't support racists), or you are a racist. Which one are you, ely?
It ain't over until the fat man sings.  Lady Gaga is circulating a petition for the electoral college vote to reverse the election results.  I don't believe tRump won legitimately.  There was hacking and priming the electoral college pump.  No way were there enough white rural votes to put tRump in the White House.  Blacks and Hispanics alone out number the white rural vote.
In the US at least, someone who is half-black is considered to be black. My grandchildren have a white father and a black mother, and are seen as black by just about everyone.
Thousands won't be able to hear his speech because they were killed in Chicago ,  as he did nothing to stop it.  In fact things got worse.  To Obama , Black Lives Matters , Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson and other black leaders , black lives don't matter if the person doing the killing is black  . However , if a white cop shoots a thug they are all there to support the thug and give a wink to those stealing and destroying others property who had nothing to do with it.  Obama , rather than call for calm , by his words and actions , condoned what happened.  He could have been the president to bring all America together , yet he chose to divide us instead. Shame on him for that.  And his wife has the nerve to say America has no hope without her husband as president. The truth is , now there is hope , where as there has been none for the last eight years.
Do you believe there is a moral equivalency between Robert E Lee and Hitler, Goebbels, or Goring?          I go back to what I stated above.   The Civil War ended 100 years before segregation ended.    To understand - you don't simply remove monuments whose mere existence helps to illustrate why.   Removing monuments doesn't solve racism.    Just as the Civil War did not end oppression for blacks in America.    Who put those monuments up?    Who worships them?    That won't stop when the monuments are gone.     Far better to use the monuments to educate.
What can you show me if I show you two members of Black Lives Matter Toronto who shout that they are opposed to racism?
Interestiing. When you encounter a successful black person, is your first reaction to speculate that it was the result of affirmative action? That's an obvious way to take away from a black person any credit for her/his achievements. Don't you think so? That would go along with your primary response to people who argue against your views - to belittle them. I have been the recipient of your belittling in almost every discussion with you. It looks like your "affirmative action" says far more about you than anyone else.
The "wage gap"? Is it real or is it the result of things that are logical? - Go to any inner city school and ask black kids what they want to be when they get older. That right there says a lot about who their heroes are and what they aspire to be.  - And most people are intelligent enough to know exactly who and what inner city black kids admire. And if you don't know, just ask them. They will tell you.  - And that's a big part of any "wage gap."
No, anyone is capable of harboring "racial" animus.  But to deny that the fundamentally white supremacist nature of US social, economic, political, judicial and educational institutions allows members of one group (the "melanistically-challenged" majority) to act on their animus with comparative impunity is simply not realistic.  Example: a white shooter is 400 times more likely to successfully claim 'self-defense' for shooting a black or brown person than a black or brown shooter is for shooting a white person.  Another example: in a 2003 study by the University of Chicago of about 1,000 employers in New York, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Los Angeles, white FELONS were preferentially hired over equally qualified black applicants without criminal records.  Oh yeah--and it's spelled "racists".
The highest crime was in cities with the least amount of blacks in Canada - Winnipeg, Regina, Edmonton, Thunder Bay, etc.
What is 'literacy' when the 'leader of the free world' is actually the only black man to reintroduce human slavery with all its horrors and holocaust to his own nation...not one finger lifted to thwart it..only a smiley face of ignoring it...literacy...free world..tell that to millions of unregistered child sex slaves in every state..some are over twenty years old and have NEVER had freedom...His Legacy will always be that he was the man who was the .leader of the men and women of the Dark Net Red Rooms is his legacy..is that he was the leader of the men and women who produced the Deep NET CHILD porn sites is his legacy..and literacy...how much did he really need when the babies were saying..help...please...help.
"don't start posturing to different constituencies," MacKinnon said.  The pot calling the kettle black.
Shut up about Black Lives Matter, and broken taillights! All Lives Matter, and there is a 95% chance that if you get stopped by law enforcement, it is for a legitimate reason! Break the law, pay the price! BLM is a hate group, plain and simply! Now flag me!
"Imagine PAYING for religious indoctrination."  Your comment shows you are not very familiar with institutions of higher learning much less the courses of study at Liberty. I suspect you also think Howard University is a school to indoctrinate African Americans into black culture? Sad.
Four score and seven years ago...A new nation, dedicated to freedom. The 'War between the States' is a bit revisionist, the lost cause, slaves fighting for their masters, textbooks that ignore the reality of the battle, both economics and slavery were the issue and the minority leaders of the south decided to fight to keep themselves in power and keep human beings in bondage--and in many ways both whites and blacks. Oh well, they lost, they were losers then and the ideology is a poor substitute for moral values.
What has Maxine Waters done for inter-city black communities throughout the country, over the years she's been in Washington? Isn't it Maxine Waters that lives in a $3 million house outside her district? The burden of black women are the black mothers in those inter-city black communities. The burden of keep their kids free from the gang influence, drug influence, while wanting better schools.
When i went to Africa they called me 'whitey' could not remember my Christian name i guess.  In South Africa 10 x 1000's of whites have been murder by Blacks. Actually Canada is probably the least 'racist' country in the world.
This article has misinformation which could endanger women's health.  A few months ago someone I know died from the effects of hormone therapy.  The reporter should have chosen her expert sources more carefully.  There are NO studies to show that long-term progesterone-only therapy is safe.  Traditional (estrogen and progesterone) hormone replacement therapy has small but serious risks, and that is why the FDA has a 'black box' warning for hormone therapy.  Progesterone-only hormone therapy is even worse - it is voodoo medicine as it has not been proven safe, and women who take this therapy are guinea pigs in their own medical experiment.
Trayvon Martin was a victim of racism. Young black male walking in the 'wrong' neighborhood. Happens to be his fathers neighborhood.
Vice-President Biden in a Speech today.    "This is the first campaign that I can recall where my party did not talk about what it always stood for, and that is how to maintain a burgeoning middle class," Biden said at an event at the University of Pennsylvania. "And the truth of the matter is you didn't hear a single solitary sentence in the last campaign about that guy working on the assembly line making 60,000 bucks a year and a wife making $32,000 as a hostess in a restaurant and they're making 90 grand and they've got two kids and they can't make it and they're scared." Biden noted that many voters felt they weren't being heard during the election and pointed to the "angry white men" who backed Trump and have been called a "racist." The former vice president said that many of them "voted for a black man twice in a row."  At least one Democrat has identified a problem with his Party.  Are there two?  Maybe even three?  Nah!  It's Putin's fault! Nothing to see here! Move along, now!
All sides that quote any pigment within support of their own positions are, in fact, racists, as said pigment is not a causation, or cause as unto any action, if one were to look at it in a vacuum.  The arrogance of groups of BLM, the KKK, The Black Caucus within our own Government, the White Nationalists are all of them the same.  Racists!  We are all of us individuals, and wish the same for us, and our families within equal measures.  Safety from unwarranted harm, freedom to live within our own lives as we see fit, so long as we are not hurting any other, and the liberty to enjoy said freedoms so long as we are not  hurting, or imposing our rights, or will, unto any other individual, family, or group of individuals.  To designate oneself as part of a racially based, or culturally based group, automatically designates one that does so, as a racist, no matter who they are.  Any, and I do mean ANY, Governmental policy that involves race, is in fact, racist, within its own message to us
If Planned Parenthood went out and recruited women to come in and have abortions, or kidnapped them for the same purpose, I would agree with you. But that is not what happens. The procedure is voluntary.  Statistics I've seen from the Kaiser Family Foundation indicate that of all abortions in the U.S.A., not just Planned Parenthood, 40% are black women. If that's correct, how does it logically progress to the position that Planned Parenthood is racist? However, either statistic begs the question, why are black women disproportionally represented?
Right.  Politically-expedient history revision.  Fascism is, and always has been since its inception, a right-wing political ideology.  It's proponents said so themselves.  They openly opposed left-wing political movements.  Frequently violently.  And while we're at it, black folks did not keep white folks as slaves, the Native Americans didn't cross the Atlantic and start slaughtering and dispossessing Europeans, European Jews didn't incinerate Lutherans in ovens or put them in death camps, American church women didn't rape and murder Salvadoran death squad goons and Saddam didn't have any yellow birthday cake--they ran out of yellow no. 5 food-coloring because of the sanctions.
Doug Saunder's "terror is terror" narrative is cropping up everywhere.  I'm getting the impression that left leaning journalists when they learned the Las Vegas shooting had been committed by a white man were actually pleased because they thought they had a rightwing terrorist whose carnage surpassed that of Omar Mateen, the Pulse nightclub shooter.  When it became apparent that Stephen Paddock had no obvious political affiliations, they decided to pursue a new narrative--that anyone who commits mass murder is a terrorist.  This is allowing them to play keep playing the race card, as anyone who denies that Paddock is a terrorist can be dismissed as a racist who only think terrorists have dark skin.
Examine the Guardians “The Counted” data for 2015. If you filter the police shootings by race for unarmed male deaths, the total is 107, of which 44 were white, 38 black, 22 Hispanic, and 3 other.    Out of the 38 unarmed black male shootings, 75% (14 people struggled with the officer, 7 reached for the officers weapon, 5 made suspicious moves or were believed to have pointed a weapon and 2 dragged the officer in a car) may involve a possible life threatening action by the suspect where the cop believed his live was in danger. If these 28 result in a legally justified ruling, you end up with 10 incidents that are questionable.  To give a sense of perspective, out of a black population of 39 MILLION, there is an  estimated 2-1/2 MILLION annual arrests of blacks of which 10 questionable “unarmed” shooting incidents occurred. Statistically, how is this proof of "violence being leveled upon people of color due to discrimination."
Good history here, Jim.    I might add,  Abraham  Lincoln lost in  Lane County to Breckenridge/Lane in 1860, 45.8% to 41.1% and lost again here, to McClellan, in 1864.   We might  add, in 1857, 89% of Oregonians voted against allowing free Negroes to enter the state,  sending a powerful message African-Americans weren't  welcome and leaving us a very white state.  Mathew P.  Deady was a strong supporter  of this Exclusion Law,  just as he was the Territory's strongest advocate for slavery.  (Oregonians voted 75% against slavery in spite of Deady's support.)   Facts are facts,  history is history, now what does this all mean?  To me, this is  about what kind of message we  Oregonians want to send to the world in 2016.  [PS, I should have added, in 1860, there were just 128 blacks reported in Oregon, 0.24% of the population, so it would have taken just a few more hands and feet to do your counting.]
BLM supported by democrats call for police murders, and the media goes along with the narrative.  BLM opposes a bill that would provide instruction to school age kids how to react and act during inter action with police officers.  Now why would BLM oppose this?  Simple.  BLM wants to continue the narrative that blacks are targeted by police.  That narrative is not true according to numerous crime statistics nationwide.  The way people can follow simple instructions (or not) will impact the loss of life in stressful situations.  Cultural expectations have a lot to do with these unfortunate (minor in number) police shootings.
“Just telling us this is still under investigation is not good enough for the windows of the Wal-Mart.”  Yeah because smashing the windows out of Wal-Mart is really going to bring necessary changes.  The authorities need to release footage of this incident immediately, thanks to social media nobody cares about facts anymore only the narrative that suits them. I guess once a black man wears a police uniform he is no longer black but some opposing race that wants to oppress a minority.   If Scott indeed was only carrying a book the police officer should be charged accordingly, if Scott was carrying a hand gun and refused to follow commands then he had what was coming to him and I hope rapper Shaka Zulu and anyone else who incited these riots are prosecuted to the fullest extent.
It's a black mark on the previous administrations who allowed massive illegal immigration to go on for far too long. Put the blame where it should be.
"A society that has done something special against the Negro for hundreds of years must now do something special for the Negro." - Martin Luther King Jr.   Native Hawaiians have had their lands stolen and government illegally overthrown, asking for accurate portrayal of a Hawaiian is not too great an ask.
Trump is a very simple man...He likes to see his name on everything !! He will spend billions ridding the US of a major health care plan just to get rid of the label "Obama Care" just because it has a black man's name on it !! If you view this child as a Child then his actions gain focus.
Westslope, Can you support your assertion that Black Lives Matter is a "racially based hate group"?  Or is that just your unsupported opinion?
This whole white power racism proposed by the media is a smoke screen for what really is going on in the USA. The removal of Civil War statues which is said to be at the centre of this is also a smoke screen. These statues have stood for over 100 years and the US had a black President for 8 years. During this whole time nobody was offended to the point to demand the removal of these statues. This whole issues has been orchestrated by the people that want to remove Trump from power. Collusion with the Russians to win the election has failed to unseat him so this is the new tactic to incite the Right to create backlash against Trump and get rid of him . Never underestimate the deceit and power of the left wing political movement.
"This does not justify violence from the left, but it also does not support the preposterous claim that both sides are equally to blame."    Antifa did not exist until Trump's political rallies began to overtly support alt right white supremacy and authoritarian facism.  Antifa is a brand spanking new phenomenon in comparison to the KKK and exists only because of Trump's own rhetoric.  I absolutely do not agree with their tactics, and yet I wonder what other tactics will work to drive white supremacists back into the basements.  It certainly doesn't appear it will be police given their 'interesting' performance in Charlotesville.  And yet, I can understand that when you are law enforcement in an open carry state and the alt right shows up armed to the teeth, you may prioritize dinner with your family rather than open confrontation with the KKK and right wing militias.  Policing Black Lives Matter is much easier given the disparity in weapons between the alt right and BLM.
Counsel on cross-examination are entitled to conduct fishing expeditions. The court won't know if defence counsel is going to call evidence to back up his questions until the defence case closes, which is too late to shut down that line of questioning. However, questions are not evidence. If a witness has said "it was white" and I repeatedly ask him (her) "isn't it true that it was actually black", there is no evidence of blackness unless the witness says, at least "now that I think about it, it could have been black". As long as the witness sticks to "white", questions about blackness have no value.
You are the advocate for Planned Parenthood who wants to avoid imputed guilt for its history.  I cited involuntary sterilization and its proponent as a preferred alternative to easy abortion by the promiscuous.    Your vehemence and insertion of Planned Parenthood into the discussion is irrelevant to my position except when you attempt to deny the actual recorded history of your heroine's beliefs because you do not want to see her feet of clay.    Sanger was a eugenicist, a racist and a proponent of involuntary sterilization of Negroes, mental defectives, the insane and criminals.  Oregon did all of that except for the Negroes (unless they fit into the other categories).  That is our history.     The good being done by Planned Parenthood can't eliminate that history.  Kitzhaber's apology for our past conduct can't eliminate that history.  The truth exists, whether it is acknowledged by you or not.
For Jerry Falwell to praise Trump for standing with racists, bigots, white supremacist and people who believe Jews and blacks are inferior to whites makes him one of them. Jerry, where is your Christ-like character? As a Liberty-alumni and a pastor I find it abhorrent that you are standing with David Duke and white supremacists. This is wrong! BTW, Trump has nothing to do with jobs, the stock market and the economy. The trajectory were all in place from the Obama Admin before he took office. Actually he claimed the job numbers were false every time they came out under Obama because they were so good. Now he believes in them. It's a joke to say N. Korea is backing down. This is the White House talking points you are parroting. I received their email  with the same nonsense. Trump's reckless rhetoric  is shameful. Where are the faithful Liberty Univ deans like  Drs. Wilmington, Towns, Hinson, Gutierrez, Borland to save Liberty's reputation that Jerry is dragging in the mud?
Bottom line is the DNC uses skin color to attract reverse racists. Truly sad. RNC is about true equality and not ponying up to a certain skin color giving everyone the exact same opportunity. There are former Black Panthers members that will verify this. DNC is a play on old emotions getting people to think we still live in a white America. The show of diversity is a joke! Take the Bernie Hillary incident. Even though you know/knew/still know they broke the rules, as long as they can get you to think it's ok to break the rules in order to get what you want its ok! That's always been the DEMs message. Break the rules to get what you want. RNC is more than fair to everyone, I noticed RNC did not beg people to shut up or send pitiful texts to people out of panic. People have a right to voice their opinions especially when they catch someone with their hand in the cookie jar! DNC is a joke, promoting the 1st amendment while begging you to shut your trap! watch last DNC's vote on Jerusalem!
Well, closing loopholes probably is a good idea.  However, just what constitutes a loophole seems to lie in the eye of the beholder. . Went to a fairly raucous public meeting the other night, and a number of people - particularly women doctors - made some pretty articulate and compelling points about the problems of unpaid maternity leave for self-employed professionals. . Further, if you don't have a pension; you don't have any kind of job security;  and your income may vary quite unpredictably from year to year, maybe you need to look at the taxation burden over the entire career arc, not just an annual snap-shot. . This issue is nowhere near as black and white as it first appeared. . As so often, the Devil is in the details.
Tell that to the LGBTQ, the women, the Muslims, the African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Semitic Americans, etc-Americans ad nausium, all those who partake in cannabis as part of their spiritual and recreational or medical program, tell it to those who love world peace, international cosmopolitan social plurality, tell those who elevate humanism, rationalism, explain to those who love life itself on the face of planet Earth, tell those who value liberty, freedom, justice, fraternity, progress. Your words will come up short and empty, friend.
Article is spot on.  JIMKOLWASKY-when you have to have a photo id with video confirmation to vote; to prove who you are, then I might be inclinded to go with a popular vote.  Why do we allow people to vote with out a proper voter id?  We have to have a photo id to do nearly anything else, to even buy cigarets, to get on an airplane, to open up a bank account and a hundred other things. And I agree, for 8 years I have ground my teeth under a Obama presidency, but I went on and worked.  People need to get used to dissapointment with out destroying other peoples property.  We need to get back to America, not "black lives matter", not white supremacy, not Latinos, just americans, and as President Kennedy said (paraphrased)  "Ask not what the government can do for the people, but what can I do for my country"
This is so close to the Emerson 'situation' as to be eerie, particularly since the timing is so close.  When BLM goes so far as to riot in the U.S. it's met with "pass the popcorn this is going to be great" comments and of course condemnation of the U.S. where blacks are 12% of the population. Here, a small group of them make a small cause out of a police float in a parade and it's front page news with the majority in disapproval.   When the U.S. tries to deport illegal immigrants who commit felonies that's met with Canadians in a feeding frenzy of racism in America. In Emerson a dozen people sneak across the Canadian border and people from the PM on down are falling all over themselves trying to find a way to reconcile the recent positive headlines about Canada taking people affected by the U.S. travel ban using any technicality they can.  Most of the news seems to be about the plight of Canadians in the town of Emerson and very little said about the Canadian wannabes themselves.
Planned Parenthood has a long and well-documented history of racism beginning with its founder, Margaret Sanger. More African-Americans have died from abortion than from AIDS, accidents, violent crimes, cancer, and heart disease combined. And in America today, a black child is three times more likely to be killed in the womb than a white child.  Since 1973, abortion has reduced the black population by over 25%.  Planned Parenthood operates the nation’s largest chain of abortion clinics and almost 80% of its facilities are located in minority neighborhoods. About 13% of American women are black, but they submit to over 35% of the abortions.  While these statistics are shocking, they are embedded in the history of Planned Parenthood. Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, was active with the Klu Klux Klan and the eugenics movement in the beginning of the twentieth century.  http://studentsforlife.org/planned-parenthood-and-racism/
One of your dearest friends lived there and still does.  Phil Roberson of Duck Dynasty.  LOL  He said when he was young and picking cotton right next to secure, intact black families  (before white lib inner city plantations) Blacks were happy folk, singing in the fields.  It was only after white leftist from Northern Ivy League Universities went down to get down wit da brotha, were Blacks conditioned to be un-happy.
Defenders of Islamic culture such as this columnist typically attempt to obfuscate, and blame anti-Islamic reactions on 'xenophobia' when this is as far from the truth as it gets.   Westerners are not reacting to race or language or the colour of one's skin with Islam, no, it's the very philosophy itself of Islam found in the Quran - Mohammed's own writings. It's the crushing misogynist nature of Islamic culture, and the blatant denigration of unbelievers, the actual slaying of the unbelievers that's promoted by Mohammed's Quran - instructions which can also be very easily interpreted by any Islamic reader. It's black and white.  And the problem is . . . .westerners see these instructions being carried out by Islamic fundamentalists not only upon westerners, but upon Islam's own peoples on a daily basis in Islamic countries. And, it has been going on for centuries.  So, please do tell those of us in the west how this 'kindness' approach has been working out for Islam in Islamic lands?
I am tempted to engage in a diatribe with you however I will refrain as you obviously are fixated on your opinion, First of all it is not what could have happened, it is what has happened. My opinion  definitely does not suggest your assumption that I am racist. Are you suggesting that Nelson Mandela is racist. Did you even bother to click on the link and read the contents of it?   There are anthropological and historical reasons for the different directions in which nations developed and I do agree with you that Africans would have been able to develop technologies as you have noted without colonialism had the necessity arose, but once more: it is what has transpired, not what could have transpired. Two simple yet equally profound idioms explain these two phenomenon: " Necessity is the mother of invention" and "Arrested Development ". And by-the-bye Mr Venter I am a  Black South African which does does not preclude me from being racist.
Civil Rights Act did not address Black Lives Matter?  Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, and many others did not address this more than fifty years ago? All Lives Matter, trouble is we have failed over and over again to learn from the past, it just keeps repeating itself.  Let me quote Arthur Ashe from his last book "Days of Grace", he stated "If Blacks would act Human there would not be a problem" (paraphrase).  Please read his book.  This road has been traveled many times, it reminds me of the movie "Ground Hog Day", keeps repeating itself.  Stop attaching a different name to the same old problem, start addressing the problem, education, communication would be the first steps.  Remember What is Old is New Again and this is just that.  Learn from the past, it is long over due.
First, most of the illegal DACAs are people of color, so THAT makes Trump racist?  Did he make their parents bring their kids here illegally?  It is not his fault these people chose to break the laws of a sovereign nation that is NOT their own.  The fact the so many people of color ignored the laws is a mirror to their ethics, not President Trumps.  Moreover, we have over 94,785,000 people over 16 NOT in the labor force.  We need to get the AMERICANS back to work.
Proggy dear Proggy  There was a Parliament to vote for. The British Parliament. After all the Hong Kong citizens were paying taxes. Remember "No taxation without representation". That was the Brits too. They didn't allow any of their colonies to vote. After all if they gave their colonies the vote, the colonies would throw them out.  My uncle lived in Victoria's Peak in 2002, and that is what he told me. It's not surprising - South Africa had Apartheid too. With no voting rights to the black South Africans. In 1993.
Even more important is that for a Black, White, Asian, or of any race person to become successful in starting a new business has been much more difficult during last administration because of increased and burdensome regulations. (Please don't ask if I've done the research; this is common knowledge, which you can research). Democrats response to such a claim is that Republicans want dirty air and water. etc. The public isn't buying it anymore, or at least a larger part is recognizing that redundant regulations tend to keep everyone "in place", which is not what those trying to move up in class need. Guys like Bernie Sanders, who has made a good living off the public, has no problem pushing for more socialism.
The difference is that, to paraphrase Roger Daltrey, those marching on the left can choose to march on the right and spare themselves the animus of the State and its minions.  People of color don't have that option.  American labor organizations have traditionally excluded black workers.  That this is essentially a case of 'cutting off one's nose to spite one's face' doesn't change the ugly reality.
To be fair, my post is rather politically incorrect and that often lead to misunderstanding. It is easy to slam dunk Mr. Eastman who is taking a lone stance to vote against honoring black troops who helped built the Alaska Highway. In the current age of "feel good comfort zone", honoring people by overhyping their role in history is a thing to do. Since I am neither white or black, I take a neutral stance on this and opinionate what I believes to be proper. Spike Lee once demanded that Clint Eastwood apologized to the black people for not portraying the role of black troops at Iwo Jima, failing to forget that nearly all the US troops who fought and died at Iwo Jima were whites. Lee's demand that Eastwood overhyped the black units who were support and supply units is what the Alaska Legislature has done with this bill. In my view, best way to honor people who were discriminated against, is to be educated and acknowledge their place in history but not to overhype it.
Baltimore......another Democrat run predominately black citizen success story.
Dirty Harry once said "if a man is chasing a woman with a butcher's knife, I take it he's not collecting for the Blue Cross."  The one real world case mentioned a couple of screwdrivers. In the other a hammer. Black or white doesn't matter to someone whose doing a dangerous job. The cop should take no chances in making sure he goes home to his family.   There are cases of abuses of power therefor when reviewing incidents, it is very important for the oversight to be accurate and without it's own bias.
do the crime ,do the time and the same for everyone whether you are  native, immigrant white Canadian, black Canadian, whomever.Tired of defense excuses You get what I'm saying here?
The "colonizers" of these Islands were the Tahitians, now calling themselves "Hawaiians" that invaded these Islands killing and enslaving the inhabitants already here. The current historical revision that Polynesian-Hawaiians have been discriminated against is simply hogwash. Polynesians languished under a Kingdom model and have flourished under Democracy Republic model.  There are not only more Polynesian-Hawaiians living that ever before, but more own property and businesses than ever before. Hardly discriminated against or kept from achieving anything. Stop trying to equate Polynesian-Hawaiians with Native American Indians.   Apples and Taro, not even close. As for African-Americans a Black "Washington Post" writer recently wrote a book in which after taking a trip to Africa stated that even though his ancestors were cursed by slavery,  he himself is blessed by being born into the United States of today. Time to stop the "poor is me, someone owes me something for living" attitude.
I said Truman intergrated the armed forces in 1948. After the war.   Remember FDR died and he succeeded him ? I will find the reference to the Act of Congress.  There were among the armed forces on the ALCAN Hispanics and other non-black minorities.  So it was not an all white effort.  My dad's two first cousins, both brothers, both survived the death march of Bataan. They were both American Indians and the oldest one was called "Squaw" by the other Americans. He was given credit for helping keep alive a number of his fellow prisoners.  There is an interesting story of a black enlisted man that killed another enlisted man in self-defense, who happened to be American. Indian,in Wrangell, Alaska in 1945.  The treatment of the blacks was far worse then any of the other minorities. Gov. Knowles gave him a pardon in 1998 or 1999. Interesting case, especially the "trial" in Juneau.  My dates are not wrong about the Navajo Code Taljers either.  Tell me what dates are "all" wrong .
Summary: Tom is black and awesome. People who question his conduct are racist and the controversies surrounding him were created from thin air by the media.   On the real issues like the charges he laid against Pravin Gordhan (and lied about), lack of action against Jonas Mawkawa and his unexplained Dubai visit, just silence.
It's white privilege to completely misconstrue the significance of one's racial identity and suffer no consequences for it, as Mr. Northrup does here.  Young black men who do that in the wrong circumstances--as during a routine traffic stop by police--have a tendency to end up dead.
"In the latest incident, the girlfriend of the young man who was killed seemed to have shouted to the officer that her boyfriend had a gun and that he was legally permitted to have it concealed. Why say that unless it’s an attempt to make her boyfriend equal or superior?"  Most reports say that the driver himself informed the officer that he had a permit to carry a gun, not that the girlfriend shouted he had a gun. This is typical advice from concealed carry websites, and is the law in many states (although not in Minnesota).  Beyond the mischaracterization of the situation, Reginald uses some really loaded and bizarre language. The officer is "your master", the girlfriend did the wrong thing by trying to make the driver the officer's "equal". Gosh, those uppity blacks shouldn't try to make themselves equal to their masters, should they?
Apparently Pride has no pride and will let itself be bullied by thugs with an exclusivist and confrontational alien approach we don't need in Canada. There are gay cops, and transgender cops, and black cops, and red cops,  and the whole spectrum of the community, even those who don't throw temper tantrums and are more oppressed than the noisome ignoramuses who have hijacked a well intention slogan . Who are these tiny minded children to dictate anything to anybody?
"Latinos" are also white. Many blacks are 1/2 or more white (eg. Obama, Kamala Harris, Cory Booker etc.) It's not as simple as you think!
DougN:  Please realize that to be a "liberal" is NOT to automatically give someone a "pass" because they are Black.  I won't speak for my "righteous liberal friends", I'll speak for myself regarding Justice Clarence Thomas.  First, I happen to believe Anita Hill and believe Mr. Thomas engaged in reprehensible behavior toward her.  But, hey, if we can elect a President who brags about his sexually assaultive behavior, why shouldn't we have a Supreme Court Justice with similar values.  Beyond that, I feel Thomas is a judicial lightweight and was appointed to replace Thurgood Marshall by George w. Bush to help swing the Supreme Court to the Right.  I presume you know all civil rights activists and organizations opposed his appointment.  He was Bush's "dream candidate"...a Black conservative who has, since his appointment, done his duty to follow the Conservative leadership on the Court.  Gary Crum
Facts? "The facts are most of the consumption of deep fried food occurs in black and hispanic neighborhoods?"  Where did you get those "facts"?  A very quick skim of published scientific data shows that most consumption of fried food occurs in the Southern United States. Whitey lives there too.   Using your goober logic, all those fine fellows honoring the Nazi and Confederate flags instead of the Stars and Stripes are all black or hispanic, not southern.  But wait! Next on the list is low-income urban areas, with high density of fast food outlets. Now we can see - your squeaking on political correctness is simply suppressive fire to distract from the core of your argument - black and hispanic urban ghetto dwellers are fat people who eat only barbecue chicken, er, I mean, .... only fried foods.
1. "culturally based equity for First Nations children" is the same "separate but equal" policy that supported the viscious race-based treatment of American black people until it was overturned as unconstitional by the US Supreme Court which was followed by an explosition in the life-chance opportunities of African-Americans.  2. The welfare of Indigenous children is first and first the responsibility of their parents. Single motherhood and incompetent or neglectful parenting -- not differential funding -- are the primary cause of the poor life-chance outcomes of indigenous children.  3. So-called "federal underfunding" --  largely a product of economies of scale -- is something shared by nearly all rural people all across Canada which is why so many people have migrated to urban areas over the past 100 years. For example, the learning outcomes of white children in all-white schools in small all-white communities have always been lower than their urban counterparts.
"Do you speak for black people?"  No.  Do you?  And what does either of us speaking or not speaking for black people have to do with anything.  Or is it that, as a liberal, you have so little to do with religion that you are unaware how religious blacks are.  MLK was a Reverend.  So is Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton.  You missed my point that the baker in question would have no problem baking a cake for a black person wanting a wedding cake.
That's a neat mind trick Outsider, that the Northern states enslaved the Southern states, but it won't work on anyone with any reasoning faculty. Southerners weren't enslaved, in fact, possibly a majority of them were freed, and the rest, those traitors to the land of their birth, were simply made to follow the law. Unless of course, you think the law is wrong and that only white people should be allowed to enslave only black people. So as I say, that's a neat trick of inversion of facts in pursuit of a falsehood that you would like to be the truth.  Our Constitution has no provision for political theft of a national allegiance. Yet that's what happened, a group of landed barons with 3.9 million enslaved humans (1860 US census) controlled the Southern state governments and decided to secede. Most of the Confederate army were conscripts rounded up by press gangs and promised food and clothing in return for fighting, though they largely owned no slaves. THEY could be called slaves.
3/ << From African-American activist Angela Davis on the left to conservative commentator Dinesh D'Souza on the right, this statement alone has condemned Sanger to a perpetual waltz with Hitler and the KKK. Davis quoted the incendiary passage in her 1983 Women, Race and Class, claiming that the Negro Project "confirmed the ideological victory of the racism associated with eugenic ideas." D'Souza used the quote to buttress erroneous claims that Sanger called blacks "human weeds" and a "menace to civilization" in his best-selling 1995 book The End of Racism. The argument that Sanger co-opted black clergy and community leaders to exterminate their own race not only gives Sanger unwarranted credit as a remarkably cunning manipulator, but also suggests that African-Americans were passive receptors of birth control reform, incapable of making their own decisions about family size; and that black leaders were ignorant and gullible.>>
Where's the photo? How do you know it was an automatic? How do you know it wasn't a plant after a photo came out that showed two Antifa guys protesting then posing as Nazis, later in the day? Google "antifa poses as nazis" in Google images and you'll see it, plain as day.   The black special ed teacher story is a lie. They are only showing part of the video where he is attacked, not the previous part where he and Antifa are chasing people down and attacking them with sticks and other weapons. The full video is on YouTube with narration. What happened to him was other people coming in to fight back and defend themselves from Deandre and his fellow attackers. You should be intellectually honest and tell the entire story, not just the part that falls inline with your agenda.
Part of me says celebrate the people who battled to end this discrimination, but part of me also feels this is a first world problem. Meanwhile, native Hawaiians continued to get screwed out of having control over their natural resources and black people are unfairly targeted by the police, courts, and prison systems..
Re: "that has been Trump's MO for the past year"  It's been his M.O. at least since he spearheaded the Birther movement - so that's at least 7 years, give or take.  If you take his getting caught - TWICE! discriminating against blacks in his NYC rental apartments, and his frequent stiffing of contractors, (et cetera) it really goes back decades.
While you are correct about the underrepresentation of faculty of color, I'm not sure where you got the statistic about black students. According to the National Center for Education Statistics (http://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=98) blacks constitute 15% of college students nationwide. Since only 51% of UO students are Oregon residents, it would be more accurate to consider nationwide education statistics, at least partially, when comparing how the UO measures up compared to the diversity of other universities. The fact that the black student population at UO is a mere 2% is telling.
Hey Black.lives.matter!  NO! lol  I don't drink.  Give me a topic like feeding hungry children and I get rather passionate being a Mother/grandmother and all.  I also get pretty passionate when I see selfishness, greed and just evil meanness.  I am from a family of millionaires and trust me (you probably don't have much contact w/wealthy folks) not all but too many actually spend time manipulating to get more.  See w/greed?  You never have enough.  I hope to see you again at our local BLM protest.  Did you get those boils drained?  I hope you don't mind me asking on this forum but I lost your number dear.  call me!
Anele, do you want honest confrontation with the truth? Here it is:  "Whites didn’t segregate blacks because of their skin colour – that’s just a convenient myth – they did it because of their perceived capabilities. Until Africa shows that it can manage itself without whites, and that it can do things that really benefit the populace without corruption and decay, then white attitudes will remain the same forever. And as long as the ANC entrenches racism – whatever the ‘reasons’ – then whites will entrench racism, it’s as simple as that. The answer is simple. Show the world what Africans can do, we will all respect you."  Post by Graham Johnson in the http://www.thoughtleader.co.za
That's like saying a racist doesn't hate black people, he just hates the color of their skin. Or an anti-Semite doesn't hate Jews, he just hates their religion. Or a misogynist doesn't hate women, he just hates their gender.
Mr Bowers apparently doesn't understand the difference between statues which honor individuals for their contributions to our nation and statues which were erected to celebrate the JimCrow Era of post-Reconstruction.    Obviously we need to remember the dark days of slavery in our country.  That doesn't mean we need to celebrate them. We need to remember the JimCrow Era and the efforts to subjugate Blacks to as close to slavery status as possible.  That doesn't mean we need to celebrate it.  We need to recognize that racism is "alive and well" in our nation today.  We need to recognize that white supremacy/white nationalist sentiment exists and is being increasingly paraded and celebrated by formerly "closeted" racists in our communities.    Indeed, before emancipation, some great Americans were also slaveowners.  Indeed, over our history some of our leaders were far from perfect.  IMO, we can "forgive" them for such imperfections and celebrate their good qualities. (cont)
What I am still totally amazed about is all of the pollsters misread the extremely low turnout by blacks and Hispanics.  They were supposed to be the gravy on her mashed potatoes and only 12% blacks and only 11% Hispanics made it to the table.    I expected fewer black Hillary supporters than Obama got, but only 12%?    And the Hispanics were supposed to prefer her after all the Trump anti-immigration rants.    Has anyone seen any guesswork as to what happened?
If you think about it, Ms. Collins, the Democratic Party is by far more racist than the Republican Party.  From Hillary's "deplorables" dog whistle to Keith Ellison's slavish devotion to anti-Semitic Nation of Islam to Obama's "typical white person" dig at his grandmother, Democrats submerse themselves in–and relish–pitting black against white, brown against white, (insert non-white race here) against white.  It's who they are.  Racism is part of the Democrats' DNA.  Has been since the early-1800s.  That the target of their racism has shifted from one race to another over the years doesn't mean they're any less racist.  They'll discriminate against any group in order to get elected and stay in power.
“Not sure where you can possibly think Obama was the most racist President ever”  Well for one thing, he had not been in office a full six months before he launched his all out war on white cops - - beginning by calling the entire (mostly white) Cambridge police force “stupid” before he had availed himself of any facts.  Thereafter he used “the Ferguson effect” like a bludgeon on white cops and with exactly the result he intended: a massive spike in urban black on black murder which then HE BLAMED ON WHITEY.  Of course he realized that the ONLY reason ANYONE voted for him was the color of his skin, so he knew he could work the “white guilt” factor over and over again.  how does one know the ONLY reason ANYONE voted for him was the color of his skin is to ask one simple question: had this character showed up at the 2008 Iowa caucus with to thin a resumé and BEEN WHITE, he would have been driven from the stage with tail between legs  to the derisive cackle of Felony-Shrilary
The only thing I can say for sure about the pictures of the shooter is he is not black, so how do they get Hispanic? Just hoping someone recognizes him.
" like with racism actual events taking place are leading indicators."  How about this actual event? The Democrats (who you constantly deride as the same as the KKK) elected and reelected the nation's first black president. Meanwhile the Conservatives and their echo chamber spent years trying undermine the legitimacy of the president by suggesting he was Muslim or born in Kenya or that he was racist against whites.   A reasonable person would think those "actual events" trump a few emails or problems encountered when trying to bring relief to some of the poorest people on the planet.
Don't BS a BSer.  Economic boycott of Trump name.    Union public employee Democrat specialty.  Seen it right here in small town Oregon.   College and a bedroom for urban Oregon.  School District elections never had a businessman running.  Why?  The college union would tell members to boycott a business where the owner voted wrong on the school board decision.  The best members of the school board were farmers.  College people,  teachers make no impact  boycotting a grass seed grower.  No avenue for private businessmen to fight back except to vote "no" on every tax,  spending issue on every election.  Cut the public worker blood flow---money---and listen to them whine.  I  love the DeVos Education Secretary because if she walks her talk,  the inner city black kid will have school choice by voucher.  They  won't have to be 6'8" and a baller to attend a church  School with the  rich, and   the poor white kids on church scholarships.     Their parents have the voucher to pay  tuition.
There was the shooting at a mosque in Canada, the stabbings on the train in Portland, and the murder of the Indian man who was confused as being middle-eastern.  There was the shooting at a black church by a gun-toting conservative kid. There was the car incident earlier this year by the white supremacist.   All these count as "conservatives" but I don't point the finger to you. I point the finger at anyone who paints people with broad strokes and assumes the worst in them. Most people want to do good. It's when we're intolerant that we start to paint groups of people as our enemies.   Case in point: I'm saying we should find ways to shift the narrative away from our differences and find ways to strengthen our shared values and you basically are giving me the middle finger. You don't respect me, nor do you care to hear me. And until you do, you're just going to keep increasing your intolerant view of the world until there's no humanity left for you but in your own little circle.
They can dare to dream of a day when they  take off the black shrouds of the burqa without fear of being stoned or whipped. But not even Canada's  feminists  hope for that. They like it just the way it is.
Yes, there were plenty of trashman, port-o-let cleaning, and ditch digging jobs for blacks before the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Some folks will never be satisfied, am I right, JSB1? If it's not a person's skin color, it's something they supposedly did that should be the excuse to keep folks down in the socio-economic spectrum. Then everyone can wonder why they don't pay much in taxes and why when our economy is hurting, these people can't afford to buy new homes and cars to stimulate it. But that's thinking too broadly regarding each member of society's role within that society. BTW, did Martha Stewart ("convicted felon," scary language alert!) knock off any liquor stores lately? Surely, she must have, given the rhetoric and statistics regarding those of her kind.   Man, if we could just criminalize cheeseburgers and just plain having fun, think of how many unemployed ditch diggers we could create. "Relegate." There's a word you should relish, JSB1. It's all the criminal's fault.
Obama? Quite an apt description of the Obama Presidency. Now THERE was a"huckster" - a black Bill Clinton. " You can keep your health plan"..."No $ Raises"..."Probably you will SAVE $1250 a month" ,etc etc. At least that Nut, Nancy Pelosi, admitted that they didn't know What was in the ACA Bill - and "We'll find out after we Pass it"!
Were these right-wingers or left wingers? * USA - Oklahoma City (1995) * USA - Richard Baumhammers (2000). * USA - Mark Stroman (2001). * USA - Knoxville church shooting (2008). * USA - Keith Luke rape and murder (2009). * USA - Pittsburgh police officers (2009). * USA - Anti-abortion murder (2009). * USA - Holly Grigsby (2011). * USA - Sikh temple shooting (2012). * USA - Jewish Community Center shooting (2014). The killer was a fan of Israel-hater Max Blumenthal * USA - Charleston black church massacre (2015). * USA - Lafayette cinema shooting (2015).. * USA - Planned Parenthood shooting (2015 * USA - Kansas racist shooting (2017). * USA - James Harris Jackson (2017). * USA - Richard Collins murder (2017).
Lol white supremacy or neo naziism is far more prevalent in Europe. Yes this test would stop those Europeans from immigrating here, and rightfully so. Just because someone doesn't want immigrants does not make them racist in the slightest. I don't want any, white, black, brown, green, purple because we are broke. We have no more money to help the rest of the world. We can. Barely help our own in need. It's not a hard concept to grasp. You want to help them rack up every ounce of credit you can obtain and don't feed your family, feed someone around the world. Spend every borrowed cent you have on them.
Nope, sorry...  It seems that the "Black lives matter" folks only get interested if it lets them "fire back" at what ever Police force is handy....
well.............. at least it wasnt black folk getting blamed for this
Well Stephan, YOU are supposed to be a leader and a role model.   What message does it send when you are so.petty that you cannot even tolerate someone with different views than yours?  Someone who happens to know that white supremacy is virtually DEAD in this country since black athletes like you , as well as black entertainers and businessmen, can get filthy rich nowadays and actually are given MORE opportunity than whites?   Little Stephan and LeBron's problem is that they are spoiled , small-minded bigots who cannot let go of the past, who want to keep pretending that they and their black friends are victims even as they take advantage of the enormous opportunities that this country offers them .... This country, which SHED BLOOD to end slavery and ended it faster than any other country in history, all.on account of the principles represented by that flag which they disrespect.   These athletes are ungrateful, ignorant human debris
Why do you confine it to the legislative level only? The rubber meets the road with the actions of the administrative authorities. For example, it's illegal to camp, smoke, drink and shoot up drugs in our parks (legislative level) as well as to dump feces into the river and creek. However, our city manager and his keystone kops don't enforce those laws. For a more national level, read the recent report on the police in Chicago and the way they classify young black males as subhuman. This isn't legislation, but it gets them killed and wrongfully convicted of crimes so that they have no opportunity to succeed.  So no, we won't have whites only drinking fountains in public like the '60s. We'll have whites only drinking fountains in the members-only clubs that nonwhites don't have a real chance of gaining entry to by virtue of the way they have been discriminated against extra-legislatively.
Note that the usual suspects who I mentioned in my earlier comment, haven't said boo about the crime committed by the white guy but they're all triggered by my comment exposing their double standard. Many of the people hollering like stuck pigs about my comment are the first to jump on an article about a crime committed by a black/brown person to toss out all sorts of generalities and side issues. They certainly know their names and respond when called, don't they?  White people are treated as individuals, black and brown people are painted with a broad brush. Such is daily life in "color blind" America, which stubbornly refuses to objectively look at itself in the mirror.
You are absolutely correct.  Those claiming that police unfairly brutalize black people offer very little evidence to back it up, other than a few isolated cases about which the reporting is often distorted.  In today's age, the unwarranted killing of a black citizen is the absolute worst thing that can happen for a police department.  I find it completely implausible that police forces all across the US are not doing whatever they can to avoid that from happening.  The competence and integrity of police in western countries, including the US, is one of the reasons we enjoy the quality of life we do. Police officers risk their lives on a daily basis (unlike professional athletes,) and for that they're routinely thrown under the bus by the very people they protect.
I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races, [applause]-that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race.   --Honest Abe
All it takes for boiling water to turn into steam is a rise in temperature by JUST one degree. Well done, to the lady. I continually find that it is the women of this world both black and white who have the courage of their convictions. The Evil Empire is struggling for the capture of our souls, with women like this lady and Magda of Sygnia fame, DR M Khoza member ANC, we can and will turn this derelict  and oppressive regime around. It is 5 mins to Midnight, do not despair. WELL DONE,  to the courageous women and men of South Africa. Here is to a brighter and more sane future. A future we can all be proud of. For the first time since apartheid days we all have an unlimited potential to be great, let us all accept these challenges to build stronger bullet proof characters.  Truth Honesty Integrity and a undying passion for our fellow citizens and their worthiness. To the Republic of South Africa  I HEAR YOUR CALL.
In wartime, soldiers need assurance that they're not out there all by themselves. They need to feel that the troops in their unit are covering them. If they are in a unit that has troops which seem to be a lot like themselves, that they can identify with, they become more effective in combat.  Race was an important "identity" factor in times past. That's why there were white and black units. In today's US military, race is no longer that much of a factor. racially mixed units are the norm, and troops of all races can feel assured that they aren't out their all by themselves. That their unit is covering them.  Gender identity is still a strongly divisive issue. Openly LGBTs are still "foreign" to the US military, that they have too few "regular" troops to identify with. This leaves them vulnerable to feeling alone on the battle-field, feeling that nobody is covering them. This increases the perceived risk to everyone. You had no cognizant counter, so you flagged this comment earlier?
William Bradford, a Trump appointee to the Energy Department resigned Thursday after being exposed for making racist remarks about black people and Jews.  One more racist out, ...still many more to go.
Diko is showing us exactly where Mbeki's 'quiet diplomacy' mindset on Zim comes from. So now when Musi supports a black opposition leader against a black ruling party, it's 'looking down on black governments'? Diko's stand is more a case of one arrogant dictatorship in the making chummying up to its ilk on the continent.
The world is rarely black and white;  exceptions exist for most accepted "truths." The name Metlakatla comes to mind.  Here's a bit of what descendants have to say about that community's founder, Church of England Missionary William Duncan:   "The title of "Father" was an honorary one given to him by a grateful and affectionate people. [His]specific mission was to Christianize ... the Tsimshian in British Columbia.  ... it was a belief that aboriginal peoples needed to be indoctrinated into Western culture ... Mr. Duncan refused to start teaching this people about the Christian Gospels until he had had the opportunity to become fluent in the language of the Tsimshians. Thereafter he stayed with the people and taught them how to exist in a world that was very different than the one to which they were accustomed.  It was a difficult feat to move from relative primitivism to a more advanced society in such a short time..."   From Metlakatla Indian Community website
The way this mob treated the police is abuse, subjecting them to screaming profanity and harassment for at least eight and a half minutes that we see here. Yes, there is police brutality in the world but we should still respect the law. Yes, black lives matter. Yes, this white man's life matters. But, these police officers who are just doing their job when they have just watched this man selling LSD and hash oil should not be harassed and abused this way. This is the epitome of ridiculous.
I wouldn't just believe any of this as Quebec is world capital of Police Trained Black Block Agent Provocateurs as reported here on the CBC; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ve9b7nb8p4
Neither hat black eye or that other violence could be justified by pointing to Christian scriptures.  As for Italians, the macho southern italian culture of small villages was part of the "mediterranean honour culture", and heavily influenced by Islam.  That is what a heavy cultural influence does: Christians living in Muslim regions end up adopting similar cultural traits independent of their own religion.
Since you brought race into this, Bootsie... Find out what percent of all blacks that have guns were obtained by legal means... I dare you... Start with Chicago, then LA, then NY, then NO, then Houston, then Miami, then.... then... But I know you will not because you probably know the result and you can’t handle the truth... Right, Bootsie...?
Everyone keeps referring to "the black cop" but the location seem skewed to me, point of entry from my prospective seems to come from the tree line somewhere but perhaps my eyes are playing tricks. I fully agree, all the data would sure be helpful in determining anything. I meant the officers not instructing the man to put his hands up etc.. At any rate, it's interesting to analyze.
I still think it all comes down to, and yes this seems kinda crazy, I think it all comes down to also what Bridich is or isnt going to do before or at the trading deadline to help this team not slip out of that wild card spot. the rockies deffinetly have holes to fill and the question is the GM going to fill them wheather it be pitchers, infielders or outfield help. I do know the other day they were interested as the dbacks are with that Tigers outfielder that has some pop in his bad. Gray had 1 bad game. they all do. Its Chatwood and Lyles, Otovinno and the reliever that pitched tonight I am really concerned about. If Bridech doesnt do something with them we are in alot of trouble. I feel for Black. truefully they couldnt pay me enough to be a coach of any sport. He is deling with a bad situation and he is trying everything to not tear up his pitchers with so much on the line and time running out to do it. I do hope Briedich does something to take alittle pressure of Black.
Sam, nicely written as always with grace.   However, the only people who want to cover up Oregon's history are those who are embarrassed  by our racism or who don't understand why history matters.  By making some rather radical demands Black Lives Matter has done an excellent job of getting this long dormant  issue back on the table.  A year  ago most Lane County residents probably would have had no idea who Deady was, or Oregon's racist history  including   the Exclusion law.  Now people are talking and learning about it-- the report by the three historians who studied this issue  for the UO contains excellent history for those willing to read it.  This thrills me!  For years I've written about and given talks about this fascinating era  in Oregon history, but frankly without creating much of an audience.  But now many folks are active, making their views known.  The result will likely include  Deady's name remaining but with solid historical  signage on Deady's roles good AND bad.
Then I feel sorry for your best friend if this is true and you hold a black and white perspective where even the slightest transgression is just as bad as the most extreme.
Mr. Harris is not a liberal. He is just an educated black man. I suspect you have no desire to know the truth about white racism in general and white racism locally, in particular. Most white folks have no desire to know about how much rape, robbery, torture, and murder that they have benefited from. If you don't believe this simple truth, please give us the year and date that white racism stopped effecting public policy locally and nationally.
Perhaps Mbalula should read his Amilcar Cabral notes, again...  "We are fighting so that insults may no longer rule our countries, martyred and scorned for centuries, so that our peoples may never more be exploited by imperialists not only by people with white skin, because we do not confuse exploitation or exploiters with the colour of men's skins; we do not want any exploitation in our countries, not even by black people". Amilcar Cabral
Having not yet personally condemned either Putin for expelling our diplomats (or anything for that matter...) or the white nationalist groups who feel enabled to spew anti-American hate since his election, Trump attacked the CEO of Merck (a black man) less than an hour after he resigned from Trump's Manufacturing Council in protest. Says volumes, folks.
Says the guy with one standard for black athletes and another standard for every other wage earner in America. You're downright communist when it comes to redistributing black athletes money, so-called "conservative".
The first paragraph of this article is pretty clear, and it is stated in uncontroversial language. The fact that so many people are acting like a bunch of rednecks upon hearing that black man was elected president tells us a lot about those people who spend a lot of time implying that their supposed "empathy" and "intellect" make them superior human beings.  The ban is temporary (four months) until something more effective is put into place. Religious minorities include the Bahá'í Faith, Druze, Yazidism, Mandaeism, Gnosticism, Yarsanism, Samaritanism, Shabakism, Ishikism, Ali-Illahism, and Zoroastrianism along with Christians and Jews. Members of all of these groups are targeted for persecution in the middle-east. The Jews were persecuted in Europe for 2000 years, and we regret not helping them get out of Europe before Hitler killed so many.  Isn't it funny that when Democrats act to protect minorities, it's a "good thing", but when someone else does it, it's a "bad thing".
I'm a moderate and don't get caught up in either sides politics, I think they both suck. But to say that there isn't a fringe element to both sides that are pushing extreme views and agendas is a complete lie and playing victim. The right has its fanatics to include the supremacists, the anti abortion and even the hard core religions. The left has Occupy, Black Lives Matters and the homosexual driven groups. I have seen and viewed black lives matters participate in equally demonstrative and objectionable tactics to include spewing derogatory remarks towards white people, spitting on cops and call them insults and even killing cops. They have to take responsibility for those actions as the right does for its. I'm not a big fan of Trump at all but what he says makes sense to me. These two forces will keep colliding because neither one wants to back off its agenda, the cops will be the ones to take the brunt of it, they have to continue to mediate this nonsense.
Well, it is a race issue and blacks felt, at that time, completely at war with the dominant culture that it felt was flooding its communities with heroin and locking up its citizens for far longer periods than similarly charged whites. Also, MLK was gunned down, showing many that peace may not be the way for further change. Farrakhan was a leading force in attempting to force slumlords to accept responsibility for their dangerous buildings: the race-baiting of Jews was in that context, as abhorrent as it was.  As far as his marriages: never heard the man was abusive to any of them. I like to follow the "judge not" rule, especially in personal issues, but go ahead on if your life is spotless! Finally, in saying what he did about the races, it's not that different from proclaiming a certain race, The Chosen People, is it?
Black Lives Matter Oh yea guess who started this problem Barack Hussein Obama. Every life in this world matters, not just these darkies, Do what Police Officers ask and every thing be okay.
Sure it's Obama's fault for the racism in this country. After all, he was elected (twice) while being black. Your logic is your own. You just make up terms to justify your opinions. If students or the school don't want a KKK speaker at their college, that is THEIR right. Black Lives Matter exists because people of color are tired of being killed just for being a POC. Tired of not being treated like a citizen of this country. It is not a terrorist group. KKK and Neo-Nazis are. They're just angry their white privilege is disappearing and they have to blame someone.
G2:  Actually the police report clearly states the female student was AfricanAmerican.  If you read the police report much of the information identifying the victim is redacted.  However, the "race" box is not.  It is fille with a "B" for Black.  That police case report is numbered : 14-04131.  Gary Crum
You have no Black friends, let's get real!
The "we" in these racists studies seem to be mostly about whites in western societies. Where are the studies about racism in Africa. Remember Rwanda? Black racism against whites Zimbabwe. Arab racism against Jews. Japanese antipathy against foreigners. The underlying assumption is that as the dominant race for the past few centuries that whites should have progressed beyond such primitive impulses. Minorities as the object of racism complain about being discriminated against ignoring the racism their own race practices in different circumstances or cultures. Black antisemitism  in the US is a good example. Racism, the us versus them phenomena, is not uniquely a white feature, it is in all humans.
So how long is your "long time"? You obviously weren't around in the 50's. Joe McCarthy was a Republican. Black men were hung just for looking at a white woman.  Perhaps you should educate yourself a bit more.  Feel the Bern!
You might think that cops shooting and killing black people with immunity was what was disrespectful to the nation.
Reed should stop trying to add another dimension to the pack of lies Repub party. So what you're saying is taken a bullet erases the absolute evil ways of scalese prior to taking that bullet. He was the biggest opponent of stripping the middle and lower class from healthcare, a haters of gays, and anyone that doesn't look like him. The irony is that his sorry, hateful life was saved by the very people he directs his hateful speech, a black man, a black married lesbian woman and a Latino. He should try to  a better person. I doubt he will.
Rosenblum’s behavior in this matter is inexcusable. I don’t care what the skin color of these Oregonians may be.  The state, without authority, is spying on Oregonians because they expressed a political idea.  People may disagree but it seems to me “Black Lives Matter” is a plain, friendly thing to say that is hostile to know one. The original incident is bad enough.  But subsequent behavior – including this delay -- has shown a pattern of deception.  She just wants voters to forget what she has done. I won’t.
Yes respectfully HOTTUBJOE, the wife beatings, shootings, murders, assaults, drugs and now the disrespect for the national anthem, it was time I took serious stock of why I should honor the NFL, or allow it to be something to look up to, especially in the eyes of my grandchildren. The "thug life" isn't something to glorify, regardless of the millions made by hip-hop artists, rappers, etc., , but then many in the NFL live that life, and now some have chose to turn on the country that blessed them. enough is enough.     Joe Louis endured far more as a black man living in a very racist era, today he lays in the honored soil of Arlington cemetery. Joe Louis was an extraordinary American, one an entire nation looked up to as he stepped into the ring, against the best Hitler had. Jackie Robinson, or Dr. King never dishonored America, in the case of Dr. King he protested, asked America to live up to it's creed. These are men to look up to, they hold the very high road of honor as Americans.
Reading this article, I feel like they are splitting hairs in an effort to separate similar ideologies. Maybe the BLM leadership voices condemnation for the violence and crime committed by individuals taking the BLM message to the extreme. If this WLM leadership were to voice a non-violent approach while the members committed crimes in the WLM name would they be removed from the "hate group list"?  Remember Milwaukee, a black armed thug shot by black cop and people flooded the streets chanting "Black lives matter" and "black power" while rioting and targeting and assaulting whites.  For the record, I support neither of these groups limited ideology. I find these groups to cause more problems than they solve because of the suggestive influence these segregated names imply. I think all of the "Lives matter" groups should work together under the "All Lives Matter" moniker. The inclusive name could really open new doors of communication and positive change. Isn't that what we really want?
To tell you the truth it looks like there are two different sides there........maybe many layers, and I'm just going by the way the article is written.........If it's such a unified thing,  then why isn't there just one message?  I see BLM there protesting for only Black lives and others who are really talking unity, and saying all lives matter and BTW,  all lives matter should include cops lives too.  .....the politicians are cowards....they only think about P.C. and they don't want to have protesters show up at their front doors, so they make empty speeches.
Of course, the big picture is more nuanced.  In the South, European-American Republicans and African-American Democrats struck a deal back in the 1970s to create super-majority black districts, resulting in more Republicans on net but also more African-American congressmen and women in those states.  Quid pro quo.
Wow...Sooo...reading My Posts supports your assertion of institutional racism?  I am not an institution, nor a political entity.   You state: "informal social groups"(such as this Forum) as being examples of  racism by individuals. So, I am a racist? But I cannot be both an individual and an institution. You live in an interesting reality.   You state: "institutional racism occurs when a certain group is targeted and discriminated against based upon race."    Anecdotal evidence. Unsubstantiated. The Crime comes first. It is the reason LE comes  to the scene - Not the Race of the perp.  Blacks are not arrested because of being Black, they are arrested for a Crime.
If someone repeatedly posts notes saying people like me should be wiped out, I'd like to know who it is, so that I can avoid him and inform my friends to do so too. It can be a matter of life and death.   Its not just exposing someone who posted a stupid video of Trump.  Its someone who has repeatedly expressed some pretty vile thoughts, and we have no way of knowing how serious he is about them, or how much they influence others to take action.  Please don't make out its only about the video. Its not.  He also posted pictures of all of CNN's jewish staff, with stars of david.   He demanded extermination of muslims.  He demeaned blacks. This was not merely someone who wasn't nice -- it was someone many of us would avoid in real life, if we knew who he was, and we'd do so for fear of our own safety.
We all know what this is all about right?  "Obamacare" is a major deal. It's one of those history making pieces of legislation that comes once in a lifetime. The Tpubs even branded it as "Obamacare"...I bet they'd love to take that back. Notice they call it "medicaid for all" instead of "Obamacare" these days?  The Tpubs just want the name changed. They love the money coming into the state. They don't like being reminded a black dude got it done. That's what this is all about. Then the money, then the voters, in that order.
"They are opposed to blacks being murdered by cops just for being black" And that has what, exactly, to do with Football and the national anthem? I remember no stories of any of the situations to which you refer having a flag at it or anyone singing the anthem. Want to protest those situations, protests the cops. I find protesting the flag and the national anthem offensive, not as offensive as some cop killing people unnecessarily but, offensive none the less. Two wrongs don't make a right. What good is it going to do when millions are offended? None, If anything it desensitizes some into not caring.
According to the statistics you give  ... "Black women constitute only about 13% of the female population (age 15-44) in the United States, but underwent approximately 36% of the abortions. Black women are more than 5 times as likely as white women to have an abortion." ...  Now why would black mothers chose to do that? Might it be that they judge having an additional child might be dangerous to the health and welfare of the existing family?
Perhaps you should read the Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and USC 1182, Title 8, Chapter 12 (f).  Who we allow into this country is ALWAYS discriminatory.  When a particular "religion", be it nazism, communism, or islam has declared war on the US...then it is incumbent on the President, through his Constitutional and legislated power to do what he can to ensure enemies do not enter the country.  Where YOU (and some judges) seem to be mistaken, is to ASSUME that OUR Constitutional Rights apply to Foreign nationals, in Foreign countries.  They do not.  (Nor should they!)  These judges should be impeached for attempting to legislate from the bench for an out of power political party.  They have violated their Article III authority and power.  They should be impeached. As to your crime stats....why would be want MORE bad actors in the country?  I'm not sure about your "white nationalists"....do crimes committed by "black nationalists" count as well?  Just asking.....
Some comments show a real gap in understanding of what this protest is even about.  Has this guy ever read or listened to an African American explain WHY in the world they are taking the knee during the National Anthem.  They are not trying to say they don't like the anthem or they don't like living in this country or they hate the flag.  To the contrary, they are saying their nation's flag no longer COVERS THEM.  The blood shed for our flag should not be in vain.  They are trying to call attention to the black Americans--some women, one a CHILD, who was only 12 years old,  who are being shot by officers in this country-and not a SINGLE one of them has been punished with the slightest amount of jail time. Police in this nation are mostly good, but we have to look at the wrongs and right them.  That is what that FLAG is all about.  Speaking out against wrongs.   Our flag should protect EVERYONE, not just those of us privileged enough to have white skin.  That "privilege" is a disgrace.
View From Here, if "well-intentioned whites who haven't a clue about what life is like for a person of color" are to get a clue, they may need the assistance of those who know. That's not to say that people of color are primarily responsible for white people becoming aware of their racial biases (or vice versa). I do mean that some of us may need some help in getting started since it may be a case of not knowing what is not known. That help may come from any person, never mind their skin color. What's important to me is that people, all people, begin to become aware of their biases. Only by doing so will we ever be able to interact with a person who is different as a PERSON, and not as a black, brown, yellow, red, blue, or white person. Thanks for the link to the Race IAT. I'll do it.
Didn't you post somewhere that you have a graduate degree? If so, why are you making this assumption: "...Apparently you believe that all public services must be provided by the government..."  First off, I did not say "all public services must be provided by the government." If you think I did say that, you may be hallucinating.  Secondly, if you are going around with believing other people are saying things they did not say (with a bias toward a particular view), then it's no wonder you may have a skewed view of people. I'd be ticked off too.  I might as well claim you desire to a return to the good old days (which they weren't) when men, not government took responsibility means you support communities stringing up Blacks. Is that what you are saying?
SDS, antifa, ELF, Black Panthers, Symbionese Liberation army, (1973-75) they are always described as 'small fringe groups' by those who only deny them when they start causing too much destruction or deaths.  But always seem to 'understand' and 'feel' for why they exist!  They aren't too concerned while they are just breaking windows, committing minor arsons, damaging police cars, or injuring police officers.
Thanks for asking Maya. Please review Layla's post and observe that she makes the error of binary thinking. She claims that since some people in the article - actually only 2 people which is hardly a relevant sample size - are calling this a hate crime against hijab wearing Muslim women, that any other kind of crime against women must therefore NOT be a hate crime.  This is clearly an erroneous and illogical claim as one condition does not make itself exclusive to the exclusion of all others. It's like saying that since black people are subject to racism therefore no other ethnic group can be subject to racism. It's simplistic thinking and serves only to denigrate the impact of attacks on hijab wearing women. It's an attempt to belittle the fact that they are victims. Essentially she is victimizing them a second time.
well at least you were honest and not using casuistry. I disagree that you know the will of God in this particular case. In fact the issue was brought up twice in 15 years by the church. That is sufficient to show that it was still not clear, not a black and white issue. It is not a black and white issue to anyone whose natural sympathies have not been warped by dogma.  Are there any people whose natural sympathies have been warped by dogma? Indeed, many.
Pan-Africanism is a dream and always will be while there are greedy and corrupt politicians who are bought off by the bourgeoisies, corporates and greedy countries like China, and are in it for their own benefit.  We have them in our own political system, just north of our border, and many others in Africa.  It's up to the leaders to keep their noses clean and deal with the crooked (there are more black racists about these days than white, honey-bunch) who will constantly blame colonialism instead of getting on with the job of building Africa and keeping a check on the China's of this world who (just as the West did) believe Africa is again a resource for their taking.  And it won't happen overnight!
Why this competition about who suffered most? We all know how apartheid was applied. Discrimination and oppression was applied in degrees based on whether you are white, Asian (Indian), Coloured or Black (African). Whether you talk about the right to do business, quality of education, provision of services in communities, quality of health care etc. the fact of apartheid speak for themselves. There is only one group (and one reason) why only Blacks (Africans) were consigned to homelands and not considered citizen of Apartheid South Africa. We will do well to fight racism and discrimination in all its manifestations instead of wasting our time comparing the degree of suffering of one victim against that of another!
You're repeating a well known myth that has been thoroughly debunked.  "Haole" is *not* a contraction of the words "ha" and "ole."  A detailed summary is provided by Hawaiian historian Adam Keawe Manalo-Camp here:  http://hawaiianhistorian.blogspot.com/  "For this reason Dave expounded on your mention of context with the fact that the context is commonly properly understood as "[f'in] haole" when used."  Nope, still depends on the context.  If I am pointing out my wife in a crowd of non-white people, it is common for me to identify her as the haole girl in the black dress or whatever.  It's a descriptor.  No different than saying popolo to describe a black person.    You're desperately trying to pretend as if context doesn't matter, but it does.  You are at least subconsciously aware of this fact, otherwise you wouldn't see a difference between me saying my wife is haole and me calling you an F!@#in haole.  Just like the way you used the word nigger, context always matters.  Always.
Until the 60s "Negro" was deemed proper and polite by White people. Let Black people refer to themselves however they want to be referred to, just as how we take the lead with Natives. Some like to be called Indians, some like to be called Native and some Aboriginal.   Also I've never heard of a black person getting upset at being called black. I have been corrected at calling them African-American to African-Canadian..or just Canadian. Makes sense.   Why does this need your approval?
You should google these things before you proclaim them as facts.  There is plenty of data showing blacks receive harsher sentences than whites for the same crimes. I doubt you'll actually read this Wall Street Journal article (a generally conservative source), but I'm citing it in the unlikely event your opinion might be influenced by actual facts:  http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424127887324432004578304463789858002
Eastman votes against honoring Hmong and Laotian veterans, votes against commemorating black soldiers who built the Alaska Highway, sponsors an unnecessary and redundant bill prohibiting female genitalia mutilation and apologetically utters unsubstantiated nonsense about rural women and abortion spending.  As a 40 year Valley resident, Vietnam veteran, non-partisan, and former R.N./Paramedic I find myself embarrassed by the words and actions of yet another wacky Valley legislator.  The words of Bugs Bunny comes to mind again, "What a Maroon."
Sorry, Robert.  You are not even close here.  If you look back, you'll see that this type of violence, whether by police or others, has been around for a long time.  You can, instead, point the finger at people like Al Sharpton and his ilk, who encourage citizens to challenge the police, sometimes violently, when they are trying to do their job.  They point fingers at the white establishment as the blame for all the social and economic ills.  There is one city that everyone, but especially blacks, should be condemning for citizens dying--Chicago.  Yet, we hear nothing from people like you about that...no protests, no "lives matter" slogans, no outrage.  Get your facts, emotions, and conclusions straight before blaming any one person.
IRT "Millions of Americans, military and civilian alike, voluntarily serve to defend our Constitution and preserve the American way of life."  Nothing stays the same ...  things change ... including our political leadership.  IMHO the protesting started off as a statement about police killing unarmed people, then morphed into black lives matter and now it is more about a widening political divide our divisive leadership has encouraged.
That was just for 420. What I don't understand is why someone - like 420 - will point at the perps and say "Black!" or "Muslim!" without looking further and recognizing that there is in fact another commonality. They are, but for a rare anomaly, men. Why is that so difficult to acknowledge? Most mass murderers are men. Mostly white men. Just a little more information....  And yes, I am jaded, but I'm an equal opportunity disdainer....
Black Universities were a good effort consistent with their times.  The intention and result was good, i.e. higher education of blacks who had no other recourse.    It is perhaps past time for Historically black schools to integrate and that will happen completely in due course.  School choice is not even primarily about avoiding racial integration.  Religions schools are a prime counterexample.  But today with mediocre union-driven schools comprising the main part of public education, school choice is about teaching in different ways with teacher accountability and focus on the kids rather than the teaching staff itself.  Ms. Leonetti is a lawyer at UO and she is one of those who called for the resignation of Prof. Shurtz for choosing to wear black makeup.  In my mind, she thus has no legitimacy or rational perspective.
If this article targeted black people or women, it wouldn't be published.
Oh, wow. I didn't know that only black soldiers built the highway..
How many movies cast ethnic Hawaiians in Caucasian or Black character roles ???
I have hiked this trail many times.  Every time I went there, someone would have scratched the word negro out of the sign board that showed the trail description and the like.  Not sure what the solution to that is, I would prefer the name be kept as Negro Bill, but finding a way to stop the vandalism of the signs would be a good thing as well.
I am a woman in my twenties and run alone on this section of trail on an almost daily basis. Just a few days ago, I saw a man who fit this description with another black man standing around in street clothes, not exercising like most trail users. In spite of myself, I felt threatened. I wondered if I'd have been as afraid if the men had been white, Asian or Hispanic.   After reading this, though, I mostly just feel sad. My instinctive fear, and the realness of myself as a target, and the reinforcing of stereotypes--it all makes me feel so bad--bad for the officers whose fear led them to take innocent lives, bad for all the black boys who have to live their whole lives labeled as a threat when all they really are is husbands, and fathers and children. One black rapist doesn't make the whole culture dangerous, anymore than one vapid woman makes the whole gender stupid.  That said, I think I'll run somewhere else for a while.
Stan,  That sounds good but leaves me without a real answer to my question. So, let me rephrase it: If that church were to disappear today, would the community miss it?  What are they doing to address the root problems like more than 80% of black youth in cities such as Columbus (or Cleveland, or Chicago) not even knowing who their father is and having no positive male role models to teach them how to behave? I really would like to know how an inner-city church reaches-out to their community in ways that touch people like that young man so they won't be in situations like the one that resulted in him losing his life.
The shooter did not represent the group black lives matter, and a few of them where injured by the shooter also.
Other than the improving economy, less people on SNAP, the rising stock market. Maybe zero should have been so "isolated", so he could have helped Black America, instead of worsening their circumstances while he became a 1%er himself.
How come we only talk about white and black? how about asian/yellow people? There is no affirmative program for Asian people, in fact, Asian students are suffered from discrimination with quota set by Universities and colleges in the US.....  How come we have so many single black mom's (look at the ratio vs other)? where are all the black dads? You need to clean your own acts before blaming someone else
I called the police but the woman I talked to simply refused to believe me. She insisted it could not have been the way I was telling the story, She implied I did it myself as a hate crime against my black roommate. I called CITY TV and the Star but got pretty much the same reaction. Over the years i have told the story to many people, and despite similar events happening with alarming frequency nobody takes it seriously. I can even name the perpetrator, but nobody is interested. I am surprised my comment has not been deleted already.
According to one of the regular posters here, this did not happen.    All blacks have been denigrated and no progress  in the status of blacks has occurred in this country in the last 400 years.
Where have I seen this kind of hatred before? Oh yeah. It was fifty years ago, when black kids started going to white schools in Alabama. If there's one thing that a bigot can't stand, it's seeing his own children growing up with those he despises.
The guy is whiter than you are Rhyner but hey gotta hand it to ya though nice try. You see......... prison is not just for black people, it's an interracial institution. It's for everyone.
He may have people loved him but he was on LEO's radar, which is never a good thing. Police said "he pointed a rifle at a woman" 2 years ago. This guy had a criminal record. He's older and he's white. That doesn't make him a better person. If he was younger and black and we would be calling him a thug. Can't have it both ways, when someone dies their past is part of them. Good, bad or ugly. We can't blame him for being Native, Black or a refugee this time. 2 weeks ago LEO said they recognized the dead guy at Stuckagain Heights. Same thing. Pretty sure the woman he pulled a rifle on isn't going to give him a pass just because he's dead. Domestic violence, guns, theft, felony charges. Seems to me if this guy wasn't white there would be comment after comment saying good riddance! The only crazy part is he applied for a job with the city after multiple felony charges!! Pretty sure city employee job applications ask if you have ever been convicted of a felony.....
"In the North, [the cause] increasingly encompassed emancipation, even among those who at first rejected Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation of 1863."    Thank you. ******************** True or false.  Slavery would not have ended before 1900 -- if ever --- without the bloodshed of hundreds of thousands of white boys fighting against the South in a war that largely concerned slavery.  ******************* You have contended that American whites are generally racist, or more precisely, that they don;t really care whether blacks live or die, and need reminding that "Black Lives Matter."  I have cited for you the Washington Post as the source of my statement that most of Obama's vote in 2012, nation-wide, came from whites.  Do you say the Post is wrong on that point?  If you do, please cite a responsible statistic.  If you agree with the Post, how do you reconcile that with your contention that American whites are generally racist?
I agree with this author completely. In the great battle for equal treatment under the law patience will only get you so far. Eventually you realize that power never relinquishes control of its own accord, it must always be challenged, resisted, and opposed.  On the eve of Donald Trump's inauguration we're being told that his victory was the result of white people who had decided that enough is enough when it came to their economic distress, caused by policies enacted by people they supported (something they now willfully ignore) but blamed on immigrants, people of color, Muslims, and various other "others."   And now on MLK Day we're supposed to buy into the myth that their economic distress is in any way comparable to the kind of oppression endured for generations by black people living in the south, first as slaves and later as second-class citizens with no voting rights or any other rights.   As a white male, I don't think so. Delusion is not countered with patience.
All progress is not measured by the number of new businesses that open in a community. Don't you believe that speaking up against injustice is important?  Yes, the violence is deplorable.  But the violence should not be used to mask the valid and important reasons for the protest.  If the protests result in some measure of awareness and change, they will have served a valid purpose.   Re the leaders -- often people bemoan the lack of leaders, and then get annoyed by the fact that leaders are in front, leading.  The people who organized and who moved forward BLM are a new generation.  You already categorize them as "the usual cadre of ... black leaders"?  The fact that they want exposure is based on the fact that they want to get their message out.  White leaders do the same all of the time.   The death of Michael Brown was a predictable tragedy only if one considers  predictable that a police officer will escalate a jaywalking offense in such a manner.
Tell me again, which is the party of deplorables?  This ad is in keeping with the party whose vice president  under Obama declared to a black audience that the Republicans would put them in chains.  Who do these people think they are kidding.
This country and the NFL has made more black millionaires than anything else in the history of the world. I love me some NFL. I mean really love it. But if I see ten, twenty or thirty players sitting or kneeling during the anthem, I'll turn the tv off. These players better realize that if fans don't watch their games, their big salaries will disappear. The players have a right to do whatever they want. Fans have the right not to watch them. Some will make this a racial thing, but only morons, and there are a lot of them out there, would believe that. Trump is talking about any player, black or white. I wish Trump didn't bring this up because now it's going to get messy. But maybe we were heading there anyway and we just got there sooner rather than later.
After the civil war, in the south, as many as 800,000 blacks were arrested on various charges, many minor, and leased out to private corporations by a sheriff to work in mines etc. As high a mortality rate as 50% existed in some areas. People like cheap labor. The practice didn't end till 1923. Yet the birth rate for whites is quite low in the U.S.A. now. The past 20 years 92% of U.S. population growth was from blacks and Hispanics.Younger males are the main criminal offenders. Blacks and Hispanics have the majority of those so they are over-represented in prison; they have cultures that are not older and more sedentary as whites. White women's median age is 44; at the edge of fertility years, while the other groups are younger.  Culture and economics are large factors in criminal activity. Humanity needs environmental education though, Many people including politicians are harming the ecosphere. The whale taking was a fluke, for sure. Modern ecosphere education would be good correctio
Perceived threat level.    How many white killers do the Chicago police deal with every year as opposed to the number of black killers?  Closer to home, Eugene had a fight inside and outside a strip joint this week.  The same fight in Portland would likely have resulted in shots being fired by blacks at black men and women.    That's what happened there on April 25, 2016, January 6, 2017, January  14, 2014, July 5, 2014, November 25, 2015, just to pull up the first page of a Bing Search titled "portland strip shooting".    Note that ethnicity was not anywhere in the search terms; it was a race-neutral search.     A Portland cop being sent to a fight at a strip joint expects black people to be armed and shooting...mostly at each other, but not always.  A Eugene cop sent to a fight at a strip joint expects to Taze and then  wrestle some drunk to the ground.  The two perceived threat environments provoke different responses.  It's an OODA Loop that keeps the cops alive.
Funny you should ask that question as I have the statistics right here!    Of every US police killing of a suspect in 2016, a total of 1093, 36% were unarmed, and another 500 were only armed with a knife or some other not immediately-lethal weapon like a gun.   Native Americans were 8.66 times as likely to get killed by police as were Asian Americans, on a per-population basis, and African Americans were 5.69 times as likely as Asian Americans to get killed by police on a per-population basis too.    Curiously, White Americans were 1.68 times as likely to get killed by police as were Asian Americans on a per-population basis too, despite various violent Asian gangs on the West Coast.   The statistics for 2015 are also available from this page:    https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2015/jun/01/the-counted-police-killings-us-database  Just so you know I am not happy that US cops have killed 11,860 more suspects than European cops over the last decade.
Sam Clovis, Donald Trump's pick to be chief scientist for the Department of Agriculture, pushed unfounded theories about then-President Barack Obama's upbringing and called then-Attorney General Eric Holder a "racist black," a CNN KFile review of Clovis's writings and radio broadcasts during 2012 and 2013 has found. Clovis was a conservative radio host and political activist in Iowa before gaining national attention as one of the more vocal supporters of Trump during the presidential campaign. His nomination to head science at the USDA requires Senate confirmation. Let's just see if Lisa votes to confirm a racist who is not a scientist to be Trump's head scientist at the Dept. of Agriculture. Watching your next move Lisa.
Need more room... Anecdotally I have met far more professional and respectful LOE's than the playground bully type, then again I am a white male so I have that in my favor. Statistically it is true as well, that most cops aren't the "bad apples".   White suburban and rural America experience the justice system far differently than everyone else. Statistics are clear that whites and blacks participate equally in drug usage and dealing, yet whites face far fewer convictions. Statistically, when whites and blacks are convicted of the same crime, blacks face far harsher sentences. Studies have shown that whites tend to view black males as stronger and more threatening, and even doctors are less likely to prescribe pain meds to blacks because they overestimate their pain tolerance. So it is no surprise that LEOs view people of color as more of a threat.   BLM and their sympathizers know all this and know that this needs to change for the safety of all citizens.
The "underlying principle" is that too many people "confuse" (lie) about what The Baker "discriminated" against. - He didn't refuse to serve the customer. He declined to use his artistic talents to create an "edible piece of art" that went against his religious beliefs......much as I would expect an Orthodox Jew to decline to decorate a cake with "Jesus, the Son of God, Loves You" on it.  - Bakers don't have to decorate a cake that depicts a "black man being lynched" for the same reason that baker shouldn't be forced to bake a "gay wedding cake": It's the "art work" that's the issue, not the customer.
Why are Democrats punishing minorities?  Pres. Obama was in for eight years, much of it with a Dem majority, why didn't they change the laws?  Sarcasm aside, both parties have been in power since the time frame you're pointing to, and there is a black president.  Are you certain the anti-drug laws are *designed* to be racist because they punished drug dealers?   Using the logic you present, you could argue anti child-porn laws are designed to punish white men.    Nope.  Doesn't make sense to say that, either.  It makes much more sense to say drugs are a blight-- they sap the identity of a community, destroy people and families and where drugs are commonplace, so are property crimes and murder.  These facts greatly interest the State which has a primary duty to provide for safety and security and is duty-bound to remove people who jeopardize such.
I just took the Race IAT and it indicated a strong preference for white people over black people. However, I already knew I was biased in this manner if not to this degree. Because I recognize this particular bias when it kicks in, I have the opportunity to make a rational choice. I can let my bias have its way and manifest in prejudicial behavior toward black people, or I can chose to not let it influence my behavior and interact with a black person primarily as a person. I can't claim 100% success but that's my goal. Am I typical? I think so. I think people who claim to be unbiased, especially in the area of race, just don't realize they are likely biased. But then, that's my bias.
Indian reserves need Native Police officers. Black areas need a police force that represents the people of that given area. Most cops hire their own relatives and it becomes a very selective clique
What if the baker refused to make anything for an event that was for black people? Are you saying that is not discrimination?  You do have to serve a same sex wedding if you serve heterosexual weddings. That is the law in Colorado. You seem unable to understand that and what discrimination is.  An example of what you said.  "No one has the right to not be offended." That includes the baker and the couple.  The couple who ordered the cake may or may not have been offended. If they were it was because they were discriminated against by the baker.  The baker was offended by the existence of the gay people.  Or the baker was not offended, but he did indeed discriminate. That is a fact.
Sounds good, AR, but the video is working fine, and I just watched a young black man earn $110,000 because he was smarter and more law-abiding than police. I'd like to see the police pay out $100,000 365 days each year.
This story does not make mention that Brazil also supports Embrear with public funds. I understand that their subsidies are as great as any Canada and Quebec have given to Bombardier.  This is a case of the pot calling the kettle black.  WE should not expect much from this initiative since it will take years to wend its way through trade tribunals and probably result in no action.
Wow. Meet the first black mayor in the ENTIRE HISTORY of Montana.   Wilmot Collins, who arrived in the US as a refugee from civil war in Liberia, was elected Mayor in Helena, Montana.   PROGRESS!
I can identify with boulderSOfunnee to some extent. I grew up in a nonracial environment where I went to school with kids from Persia (that's what they called it), Uganda, and other countries. Where they came from was a nonissue; we didn't even notice it. It wasn't until I came to the US for high school that I was introduced to racism (by a black person, interestingly), so I can understand how disguised racism can be completely missed. Then again, I'm also convinced that if you go looking for offense, you will find it, whether it's there or not.
You mean there weren't any blacks in the segregated armies of World War II? No women, aside from nurses, on the front lines?  Who'd a thunk it?  Of course if there had been blacks and women evacuated at Dunkirk, then there would have been no need for the civil rights movement.
There is a much higher likelihood for an inner city black men to wind up dead by walking home at night.  Killed by another black man, which is incredibly sad. The whole identity politics movement is promoted by politicians to pit citizens against each other, so that we can be mad at each other, instead of them.
The Police are not an oppressed group. They have and continue to, hassle certain groups more than others; including people of colour and the gay and trans communities. It is up to the TPS to rectify the systemic homo/trans/black phobia in their ranks. That a cop would say in 2017 that you can get HIV from a person's spit is a perfect example, the TPS response is that it will do more 'sensitivity training' is a total whitewash when the cops have had education since the early 90's from ACT.
"He had a priest of one his largest parishes in Henrico County state from the pulpit that blacks needed to go back to where they came from as a response the the arttacks in Dallas where the congregation applauded him during his homily."  That is truly shocking, and I am not easily shocked anymore. That priest should be defrocked. Immediately. There is no place in the church for that kind of rhetoric, or at least, there shouldn't be.
I see you miss the good old days when a high school drop out with an 8th grade education working in the timber industry made more money than teachers or social workers with college degrees. Those days are long gone and never coming back. Of course, back then there was nothing a black man said that any white man had to listen to. I have no doubt you were happier then.
Leonard is the Pitts. How can we address and discuss disproportional crime rates among black Americans?
"f a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.” --- Where were those 300 when the PDSB faith advisor hosted an imam calling for slaying of the Jews?
You know full well who has been protesting over the past two years. The reaction Sunday was a show of unity among players, not a Black Lives Matter protest.   Nobody "needs" $114.5 million? Is that what you typed? Some "conservative" you are. Have you ever said that about a white business man? Have you ever said the CEO of Exxon doesn't need millions and should donate all but $100k of his salary? Do you think Trump should donate all but $100k of his TOTAL yearly earnings to some charity defending the flag or the National Anthem or Confederate monuments? How about Don Jr, Eric and Ivanka? How about millionaire Sean Hannity? How about Rush Limbaugh? Where should he donate 99% of his salary?   Ever said that about them? Nope.   You have one standard for white businessmen and another standard for black athletes. Wow. Conservative with his double standards. If you knew a single black person in real life you wouldn't need any of this explained to you by a stranger on the internet.
What's your point? Abortion is related to socioeconomic background. A much larger percentage of black Americans are low income with lesser education. Makes sense, doesn't it?
I love mac-n-cheese, collard greens, and corn bread. I guess that makes me black.
Never seen a "50 yard line prayer session" but if I had, and the crowd was pulled into it like they are the anthem, I'd object even though you're really comparing apples and oranges.  One is the act of worshiping fables, while the other is showing respect for our nation and especially the soldiers who gave their lives to protect us. There are numerous ways Marshall could use his celebrity to bring attention to black oppression, but he has chosen a way that only stirs up more hate and controversy.  Maybe that's his goal.
Unbelievable.  You aren't listening.  There are right-wing news channels, and left-wing, and we generally know which are which.  What Sinclair wants is to control the news by buying stations, and NO ONE should be allowed to do control news.  To be clear: no one should control the truth, not black 'racists' not white racists, no one.  The person allowing Sinclair such leniency was appointed to the position by D. Trump.  Trump labels any news he doesn't control as 'fake'.  Amazing that you are okay with that.
the director of Pride, City hall, Mayor ....have a lot to answer for  like, why introduce non-gay politics into the Parade ?  hope they learn their lesson  after the protest of Black Lives Matter  and before that those pushing Middle East politics, where gays are persecuted
The NFL is not going to support Trump and his angry xenophobic supporters.   I used to think that we were headed to a post racial society. Now I am more skeptical. Both white and black people are prone to accepting racist beliefs.
I agree.  The trials should be held in Washington, DC and/or NYC where there are Black juries and Black judges. They will give these Mormons a fair trial.
JJ, I am having a hard time following your thoughts on the lyrics of the "Star Spangled Banner" and your conclusion.  If your thoughts are that FSK was a slave holder, believed blacks were inferior to whites, and wanted blacks killed who were fighting against the U. S. for the British, we pretty much agree on that.  If your thought is because a man like this happened to write the stirring lyrics that capture our beliefs of today, therefore we should ignore and maybe even change our national anthem, then we are in fundamental disagreement.  Your argument would apply to our flag, Declaration of Independence, Constitution, and just about everything else that binds us as a nation.  It could even carry over to end all public policies like social security because FDR was a racist or at a minimum a moral coward on the issue.  What Kapernick et al. are doing goes too far.  An American burning his/her flag in protest also goes too far.  Slowly but surely, our nation is unraveling.
Other news sources describe the shooter as , you guessed it, a black person.  Probably got dissed at the club and wanted revenge.  BLM, no? No, not in Hawaii.
Who is that black guy that was sitting right in back of Trump during his speech.   Couldn't help but seeing him jumping up and down with his signs. Not listening to Trump but having a grand time being televised. Paid performer?  My  reaction to those of his race went down, down, down.
If you looked at FBI data, minorities typically gun down other minorities, but blacks do commit most interracial violence against whites.
Of course planned parenthood wasn't created to remove the black populace. Her views aren't anything like reported here. I thank the author for taking the time to mislead.
When operating a business in the United States of America it's all about observing the law of the land. Once the law said it was okay to discriminate against people of color and there were apparently plenty of people whose consciences dictated to them that this was perfectly acceptable because the Bible, after all, condoned slavery, and in this country that meant black people mostly. Some people even went so far as to say that the Good Lord put the different "races" (as though there were more than just the one human race) on different continents so therefore the "races" should be kept separate. Then the law changed and people were no longer allowed to discriminate. Likewise, it was once considered okay to discriminate against gay people and now things are finally changing, albeit slowly. This is ultimately about following the rule of law in the United States, not some people following their consciences.
The ALCAN was built in 1942. They completed it within a period of eight month ahead of the deadline. Having the three black or "colored" regiments was what made the difference. To have them there took getting special permission because of the armed forces policies at the time on segregation.  Harry S. Truman was elected and went to Washington in 1935.  In 1940, Harry was involved in or aware of the Hampton Conference on National Defense - Section on Military and Naval Defense.  In 1941, the Senate's Truman Committee was established to Investigate the National Defense Program. Many records and correspondence regarding the "National Defense Program" are at the Truman Presidential Library and covered in this is information pertinent to the eventual intergration of the Armed Forces.  I read paper/letters etc. regarding concerns about the service of blacks and Japanese-Americans and the results of "experiments" regarding their service in combat and other military roles.  Very fascinating!
The hatred for women, and for Canada, that I see coming out of Alberta is precisely why I now refuse to go to Alberta at all.  I will not spend my tourism dollars in that Province.  The dreadful behaviour that was caught on tape in Edmonton (calling a black man a despicable name), is just one example.
Gary:   Referring to young black males as "Super Predators, that must be brought to heel" doesn't sound exactly like a compassionate reference to those of a different color, and Hillary used that very description on more than one occasion.    I find it funny that after many, many years in the public eye, up until he decided to run for office on the Republican ticket, DT had never had a word spoken against him as for his being a racists. In fact he continues to have some very high profile endorsements from people of color, I will admit that most come from individuals that have enjoyed very successful careers, but many come from everyday conservative people of color.   DT may be a bombastic, socially crass, vulgar individual, with a nonexistent filter on what is ejected from his mouth, but for many he is still the lesser of two evils, and Hillary flops more than a trout on the bank, depending from which direction the wind is blowing on any given day. ABC.
Actually Bill, let me offer an opinion.  I think Charles is a Black American who has spent all his life being treated as, not just an "American", but as a "Black American", and could share with you hundreds of anecdotes of the racial discrimination he's experienced because of it.  If he sounds a bit resentful and bitter, it's likely because he IS a bit resentful and bitter.  If I had spent my life being treated "less well" because of my race, rest assured, I'd be DAMN resentful and bitter.  I rather doubt he "hares America", but I'll bet he hates that the racism he's faced from many persons throughout his life is still present in today's America.    Charles:  Forgive me for offering my view here.  But, as I've often been told "Crum, you've really got a big mouth" and tire of some of the nastiness I see posted here.   Gary Crum
When the story first broke over a week ago I mentioned here on SA that I didn't recall seeing any African American males that would fit the description of 5'6" 240 pounds as all the ones I've seen in the area are either slim or muscular build in the 120 to 180 pound range for that particular height. Neither am I aware of any Black males who committed similar acts of violence in the Chinatown area--most appear to be peaceable and mind their own business. So I pretty much knew right off the bat that the eyewitness account they went by got the race wrong.
Commit a violent felony and you get sentenced to State or Federal prison.   The drug trade is responsible for the outrageous number of deaths in the black community. Just take a look at Chicago if you have any doubts.   The prisons are full of both violent and non violent offenders, regardless of color.  Do you actually believe  the prisons are full of marijuana dealers?    If you actually knew what it takes to get sentenced to a State or Federal Prison, you would realize that it usually requires multiple non violent felony arrests to finally serve a prison term, not the basic jail sentence.  .
Jim, I don't think you can handle the truth about the role of white racism in our history, society, and culture. Not to mention your own life. I can understand why. The truth doesn't make white folks look good. This country has been a giant affirmative action program for folks that Europe didn't need or want. All the European immigrants had to do to become white was to learn to fear and hate the natives and people darker brown than them. You might want to read about the race riots of 1863, in New York, when Irish immigrants rioted against the draft and lynched 29 black folks. The Irish immigrants didn't want to die liberating black folks from slavery, that could compete with them for paid labor. They then lost their immigrant or refugee status and became just white. Only in America.
It's all Obama's fault. The divisive racism in our nation is Obama's fault, for being a black man in an office that belongs to white men. Climate change, which doesn't exist, is Obama's fault for bringing the subject, which is a hoax, up in the first place. Aleppo, which no one knows where it is or what it's about, is Obama's fault for losing the Iraq War. By the way, Osama is living in the Chilean embassy in Paris, and that's Obama's fault. The economy, which is really in a deep depression, is Obama's fault, for letting the Federal Reserve give all our dollars, which are worth nothing, to China so the nation will go bankrupt the day after Trump takes office.  Talk about sore loser Obama! Also, Hillary Clinton had 111 people assassinated for knowing Obama killed King and the two Kennedys, to get Hillary elected. Also, Trump can't show us his tax returns because Obama had the IRS shred them. Trump is actually broke, that's why he needed a government job, and that's Obama's fault too.
Third white supremacist arrested in Charlottesville garage beating of a black man . October 11 at 11:59 AM  A third white supremacist accused of participating in a brutal attack on a black man during last month’s “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville has been arrested, an Arkansas law enforcement official said Wednesday. . Jacob Scott Goodwin, 22, of Ward, Ark., is allegedly one of at least five men who can be seen in online video footage pummeling DeAndre Harris, a 20-year-old former special education instruction assistant, inside a parking garage after the Aug. 12 rally. The footage shows a man identified by police as Goodwin, clad in a tactical military helmet and carrying a large plastic shield, kicking Harris on the ground. At one point, Goodwin appears to hit Harris with his shield. . https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/third-white-supremacist-arrested-in-charlottesville-garage-beating-of-a-black-man/2017/10/11/49277d5c-ae8c-11e7-a908-a3470754bbb9_story.html
Pretty much your usual profile of western converts to religious sects. Islam is just the "religion du jour" these days, in the past it has been the Hare Krishnas, the Children of God, the Maharishi...  Young people with disordered lives but usually some strong religious background they reject as not demanding enough. Have read of many Catholics rejecting Catholicism and Christianity in general as too complex a faith, it demands too much nuanced thinking, Islam is so much simpler and straightforward.  So said Lawrence of Arabia of the Arab Muslims: "They were a people of primary colours, or rather of black and white, who saw the world always in contour. They were a dogmatic people, despising doubt, our modern crown of thorns. They did not understand our metaphysical difficulties, our introspective questionings. They knew only truth and untruth, belief and unbelief, without our hesitating retinue of finer shades."   A very appealing view of the world to some people...
Yes, it means nothing in the context of his entire lifetime.  That was the belief of the black American Muslims at the time and in many ways, who can blame them?  White people treated blacks abominably.  But he did a lot of good things too and touched a lot of people's lives a positive manner.
I hope that's what ALL republicans are thinking...and then they will be blindsided next November. Go look at how the democrats won, especially in traditional republican districts. Look at the number of women and minorities. A black man who emigrated to the U.S. 23 years ago was elected mayor of Helena, Montana. Montana! No, you're right, KD, the republicans have nothing to worry about. Nothing at all.
You said athletes should donate 99% of their income. It's not THEIR personal choice it's YOUR choice for THEM. And you're prescribing something you won't do yourself. You think they should donate 99% but you won't donate 99%. Trump doesn't donate 99% of his total income to issues he cares about. Trump should donate 99% of his income to protect the racist treasonous Confederate monuments. He seems to care a lot about them.  You only use this double standards on black athletes, not on white businessmen or yourself. Squirm all you want, but it's true. Admit that you've never dreamed a white business man should donate 99% of his income. Double standard. If you actually knew any black Americans in real life you wouldn't use this double standard.  This is the second time you told me you're done responding, yet you keep responding. When you say that, you must expect ME to stop responding. Would fit in with your "do as I say, not as I do" narrative here. LOL.
I do not think you understand the sitution do you? Black players are not expected to show gratitude because they are lifted out of their situation, they and any other player of any race  are expected to show gratitude for earning more money in a few years then most people will ever see in their entire lifetime! And if they really need to protest to their fan base  by openly direspecting our flag and anthem while on the job wearing their uniform, instead of just playing the game they were hired to do, they deserve derision. They could have found a better way to protest. They did not.
Now let me get this clear, you want what is illegal to be also official.  Official illegality is an interesting nonsense - do you also believe that black is white?  In other words, you do not know what you talking about.  Another good reason not to vote for you next election.
Your numbers are simply wrong. FBI stats for 2014  (last year available) indicate for 29.7% of the offenders, the race is unknown,  37.2% of the offenders were black and 31.4% were white.  If you're looking for a high percentage of murderers by demographic, by far the largest percentage of killers are male.  And no amount of numbers justifies the profiling and violence inflicted on black people by  rogue police officers`. If it did, then the poice would be more justified killing millions of males.
In other words, there are Black Jews, Asian Jews, and White Jews.  Ashkenazi & Sephardi Jews who have no Asian or African DNA are white. Period. There is no debate to be had.
"Today over 70 percent of black families are run by women with no fathers offering their boys role models", that was a comment Richard made.  I was pointing out that just because the fathers are not in the home does not mean that they are not present in the lives of their children.  They are still role models to their children.  Furthermore, to suggest I muddy the waters as it pertains to the issue of police using excessive force against black males is no different than many like yourself focusing on the violence in Chicago.  Those are two very different topics.  If you agree to refrain from refocusing the subject so will I.  I am not a BLM supporter but I do understand that the group was started to address a specific topic.  If you would like to discuss another topic than feel free but don't shift the argument.  The fact is that because someone lives in a single parent home has no influence on a police officers use of force decision.
What is the police experience of harassing an entire race of people? What is the police experience of killing an unarmed black person? What is the police experience of being put on paid leave despite committing murder? What is the police experience of getting acquitted for a video-taped murder?  There, I asked.
I disagree. I think it's obvious that the main point of the march in Charlottesville was in support of white supremacism, as proved by the chants of the marchers, who represented white supremacy groups the KKK, American NAZI Party, Vanguard America, and various white nationalist groups. Maybe the don't beat their wives and kick their dogs, but they want to repress black and brown people and Jews, and they want America to be a place only for white people. They are no better than the institutionalized racist of South Africa, demanding apartheid.  Those are not good people. they are a threat to millions of American citizens.  The statue of Lee was a symbolic rallying point, but white nationalism meaning racial and religious bigotry and exclusion of everyone not white was the message.
Millions of slaves and you come up with a just a few examples before the War.  This thread concerns the era c. 1861 -65 FYI.  Moreover, during this era many people, white & black, regarded as being criminal got hanged;  very, very few of them were black, partly because each black was worth the price of a good racehorse.  It requires just a smidgeon of common sense to see that blacks were, for the most part, well-treated because their owner's livelihood depended upon their good health.  Just as a horse could not work well if he were weak or sick neither could a black or a white -- e.g. indentured servants.  Yet again you ignore the fact that on plantations and large farms, blacks and whites grew up together.  Most white owners felt a sense of moral obligation as well to treat their slaves well and to teach them to read the Bible.  Your "Uncle Tom's Cabin" recitation of Southern life bears has little to do with reality.
um, Rodney placed many human lives in jeopardy with his high speed car chase.  A white driver would have gotten the same beating.  Why do you use "wealthy white man" instead of "wealthy blacks" like Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, Barack Obama, Robert F Smith,  Oprah Winfrey, et al?
Republicans running from their ideological similarity to Nazi after wrecking the nation's human rights policies, election system, and economic deregulation for the care and nurturing of the Corporate(Citizen) Oligarchy.  Orrin Hatch is one blatant example in his Mormon robes emulating the Klan in policy and mindset.  People forget Blacks couldn't be lay priests, neither could women.
Really, Mars? Which Universe are you in?  People living in poverty, mineworkers away from their families 11 months of the year, police and military death squads? Military adventures in Angola (you were probably there and remember the murder of villagers well)? The bankrupting of the state in order to fuel the military? Or is the infrastructure you are referring to the water, electricity, health care, schools for black people, none of which ever existed? Learn your history man!
Bad advice is what led to that choice. The other side had a black man, so his advisors thought he needed a woman. That's actually one of the things I hold against him. He had to know she was utterly unqualified to be President, yet he was willing to put her one heartbeat away from the presidency.   But I also remember him trying to civilize his crowds, and reminding them that Obama was an honorable  man, instead of stoking their rage.
Tf the Japanese had pulled out of the mainland before the débacle of December 7, 1941 (this writer was four years old and remembers  the Toronto Telegram showed black smoke coming off battleship row) they would still be on formosa, which is no more part of China than Vancouver Island.  In 1949 the Chinese Nationalists fled to the island and failed to let the communists take over, and since then it has become a democracy, unlike the mainland which is more like a kleptocracy with a massive military. The size of its military lets it behave like a big bully, and by comparison over the years the USN has far less power than it did in 1949. That's why the One China Policy is possible. but the Japanese have as much a claim to Formosa as the Chinese do. Mr. Trump knows his history, which is a problem for the Chinese.
Nobody is foisting gay marriage upon the states. It is to give the gay people the same rights that straight people have. What have you got against that? A majority of Americans are in support of that now. Nobody is forcing you to be gay. If you are against it on religious grounds, that is fine but the government on all levels are not permitted to favor a religion over anything else.  Do you also oppose equality for women, blacks, the disabled, etc.? Same thing.
irt hapaguy, what Christian Extremist Group killed 53 people? The Cops? I heard of a Loon killing Black Parishioners of a Christian Church. Haven't heard a Republican Leader spewing Hate on that Church, have you? Was that gunman a KKK member, idk myself. I'm not blinded by Political Party Lines
Trump knows he's in the crosshairs close up. Look for Trump to be fired soon, impeached for treason, money-laundering, taking kick-backs, collusion with the enemy, obstruction of justice, aiding and abetting, perjury, and the list goes on. And he thought he could be president only because a Black man - Barack Obama - beat him to the punch twice to become one of America's greatest presidents and leader of the free world. And he thought he could be better? That is laughable.
Not sure what survey the DA Assoc is referencing to support its self-serving claim that DAs "are in touch with their communities".   Also not sure how they are defining "communities";  the county where they were elected? The Black community?  The Latino community? Native Amercan community? Wealthy white Republicans? Recovering addict community? Communities of the formerly incarcerated and their families? Parole, Probation, Jail and Prison staff? Police and sheriffs?  Disabled community? GLBT community? Communities of people who raise chickens?  Collect rocks? Count birds? Local NRA chapters? Affiliated marijuana dispensaries? Water sports enthusiasts?  Christian fundamentalists? Bridge and Scrabble playing community?  Have only met one DA who represents any of the communities of which I'm a member. As a group they tend to be punitive and sanctimonious, routinely pursuing options which ravage lives rather than enable atonement, restore the community, or reflect true justice.
Hard to miss the rhetorical delight of many writers@theGlobe (abetted by a cadre of “progressive” academe at masculinity-is-toxic.edu) in fanning the flames of 'male dread.' The n-word is used mainly as metonymy in Huckleberry Finn (=black slave); the book has become “toxic” for some because of its one famous use as metaphor (= inferior human). The same in reverse is the case with the way the m-word is deployed by 2 many feminists: powerful men are “garbage”; all men are powerful, by definition. Ergo…  It's imperative to take down "predators." Not so to suggest, even semi-equivocally, that “rejecting masculinity” is key to being "fully human." You rarely read anything in the Globe that takes women to task for their part in the "semiotics" at play in the ways men negotiate "the spaces between archaic ideals and modern reality." It's true that the Globe employs Maggie Wente, who pleads for balance in otherwise rancorous "conversatìons" but she’s equivalent of NYT  patsy David Brooks.
Peter, you are going in the right general direction. White racism has permeated every aspect of life in the USA. Most white folk are unaware of this truth. That is by design. The justice system is an integral part of our racist social structure. For example, white people are not racially profiled. They are treated like individuals. That is a white privilege. That law students can graduate without any awareness of the racism in the roots of our justice system, amounts to institutional white racism. The black face defenders want this treated as an individual incident. I see it as a continuation of unbroken white racism for more than 200 years. The ignorance of most white people about white racism is intentional. All the law schools have failed to produce lawyers that could  provide equal protection under the law for all citizens. In a merit based society, the prof's ignorance would be enough to label her incompetent. However, her ignorance of racism is a white privilege in the USA.
How upsetting it is to see the NAACP act this way promoting the disrespect of these people for the country that has not matter the mistakes made given black people the greatest opportunities of any other country.  Even the NAACP has been taken over by the extreme.
The summary don't make sense at all... 'majority government following hundreds of years of a privileged minority franchise.' Pre-1652 there were 'governments? Must be mistaken with Egypt. Minorities were not just white, and they sure weren't just white and all privileged pre-1994 for the last few centuries. Privilege is power. To have power you need to be in government. (Malcolm X) So we can say from 1994, up to now is black privilege. So great writing otherwise, but the logic there just doesn't add up to South Africa's diverse history. Unless the writer only seems to know one side, as is the norm in the failed ANC 'democracy' which is South Africa under Black Nationalism. Walking in failed old footstep of the past into it's own demise.
too bad NC caved- allowing yourselves to be black-bullied is shameful. stand UP, speak OUT, push BACK!
The old battle-ax is gone.  I'm glad she lived long enough to witness a black president elected and too bad she died before witnessing Hillary take the oath come January.  Whoot, whoot!
"If you owned a business and had to choose between a slacker and an achiever, which would you hire?"    Clear as a bell.  The black community knows it has a problem, but Kristoff points out that the way out of that hole is made harder by the people who carry an unconsious bias.    We've seen many constructive and talented black people in all professions.  There is nothing debilitating in skin color.  This site talks about individual rights all the time, yet stereotypes those they don't like, the opposite of honoring the individual.  I hope Kristoff's article also gets read in the black community.     The leadership of the black community needs to step forward as leaders and roll models.   It would help - but so would an awareness by the white community to be a little more conscious of their preset bias.  People can make conscious choices to change.
I see this as more of a global Church issue than just an American one. Until the changing demographics in the Church are reflected in it's leadership, the voices of "black and brown" Catholics everywhere will always be underrepresented. The growth areas of the Church are in the southern hemisphere, but the make-up of the College of Cardinals is still grossly tilted in favor of Western Europe and North America.  Pope Francis is trying to correct that imbalance by appointing more cardinals from the developing world, in particular nations that have never been represented before. That will have a ripple effect on the election of the next pope, the appointment of future bishops and, ultimately, on changes in Catholic culture. But it will take more than one papacy to get there. This has to be a long-haul process.
All the mother earth talk and balance etc by first nations is akin to Black lives matter vistims,.... when it suits them!!! Some may think this is racist but it is not..you can not pick and chose your way of life based on what happens to benefit you at the time...it must be for the greater good..something we are not seeing here...I will bet that once the wildlife population is in danger it will be the gov"ts fault once again..this approach to nation to nation is not working!!!
Yes,  we will get to live in interesting times and gain experience.  Don't forget the last President was a two year US Senator voting present,  which wasn't often, as he was campaigning as the best black hope and got the job done,  just as Trump did.  But as for experience,  I would have to say Illinois State legislator  and two years as a do nothing  campaigner for President Senator did not make him  more prepared than Trump who is a successful self made billionaire.    The difference is  Obama's Democrat party didn't hinder him in the least,  as he was superficially  their elite,   inside the Beltway,  man in the White House.  Trump has  the disgruntled hoity toity country club Rs agin him,  as well as the madding horde of unholy mindless Democrats whining in a pout.    It really was/is  about the Supreme Court and  we find out how that  works out in the next couple of months.  I am betting nuclear,  and the Scalia seat is filled with a like mind.  If so,  hooray.
Here is a map of Planned Parenthood locations - Pay particular attention to the number of them near poor Black  and Latino neighborhoods. Forced Sterilization ? No, but they sure seem to see a large amount of opportunity in Black and Latino neighborhoods to eliminate black and Latino children, so  my question is, "What is the difference" they are still achieving the same result.  http://www.protectingblacklife.org/pp_targets/
"It's hard for me to see what is so disagreeable about noticing and regretting these circumstances, and pausing to wonder if they might be improved upon."  AMEN TO THAT!  Please read my post about the horror of seeing a young black man come face-to-face for the first time with the recognition that his life will be spent behind bars.  My heart broke for him, despite his crime.  I cannot think of it today, years after, without great sadness.    My vacation was just incredible.  Thanks for asking.  Saw old New Orleans band mates, played a gig, saw Mass at St. Louis Cathedral, took U.S. 441 from Cherokee to Pigeon Forge (one of the most beautiful roads in America), swam in surf in Pensacola, and saw the eclipse on a mountain top in Tennessee in the Zone of Totality (cue the spooky music).  All with the constant company of my sweet honey woman --- the best part.  Absolutely delightful.  Best two weeks of my life.
"At about 1 a.m. on May 14, Brown, who was black, approached Lopera, who is white, and another officer at a coffee shop in the Venetian, which is located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip."  Leave it to the liberal WaPo to try to inject a racist angle into a story where none exists.  How long before they try to blame this on Trump too?
According to the 2010 census the population of Alaska is nearly 68% white, however, given the low population proportion of blacks (3.6%) and islanders (1%) they are disproportionately represented in the incarcerated population.  According to the link you provided, of the incarcerated population 10.17% are black and 4.07% is Pacific islander, nearly 3 and 4 times the weight of their actual population, respectively.  Of course there are more whites in the system because whites are the majority of the population, but as a percentage of actual population whites are incarcerated at a lower rate than are blacks and islanders.  Some place blame on the system itself and some on societal and cultural factors.
Why such furor?  Disrespecting the national anthem is an affront to OUR nation, and all those who sacrificed to create and maintain it. If you do not comprehend the importance of that, I suggest you read "The Man Without A Country."  As to the claim of protesting "racism," - that's a sad joke. There is far more Black on black killing in Chicago in one month than questionable shootings by police in a whole year. But you can get political benefits by spooking the public officials, so it goes viral in the wrong direction
Merely pointing out the hypocrisy. For years the left and the news media attacked Bush for anything and everything, and in some cases rightfully so. But when the smooth-talking half black guy got elected and furthered many of the same policies that made Bush "Hitler", not a word of criticism to be found. If the guy/gal has a "D" next to their name he can do ANYTHING and without scrutiny. In case you on the other side haven't figured out Trump yet let me clue you in, he's a deal maker and a negotiator. His starting position is always going to be the most extreme version of what he wants knowing you'll meet in the middle: ie build a 100 foot wall and make Mexico pay for it, when likely we'll build a 20ft wall and we'll mostly pay for it.
Thank you for the thoughtful reply. First, you ask when high-profile athletes will take the steps you name, but again, how do you know they aren't? It doesn't take much digging to find countless examples. Second, with all due respect, you are making a very common (not to mention frustrating) error when you frame this issue as one of blame and accountability. Set those self-limiting concepts aside for a moment, and consider the challenges of "the cities" (to use AKdorf's phrase) as a function not of individuals but of the legacy of systems of government and economics that for decades if not centuries operated to benefit certain classes over others. As for Obama serving two terms, that is evidence of an extraordinarily gifted man succeeding in a particular set of circumstances. When a mediocre black man of limited intelligence and even less intellectual curiosity boasts of grabbing women by the p---y and still manages to become president, then we'll talk about post-racial America.
Americans have rejected the Democrat ideology across the board. Democrats have lost 4 special elections even after spending millions (imagine how many homeless and hungry in our nation could have been fed... or how many veterans could have been cared for with that wasted money) to try and regain their seats.  Listen liberals/democrats... your message, your ideology... it doesn't mesh with the core of this nation and you have been rejected for that reason. And until you grow up and realize that your climate religion is a hoax and that your tax schemes actually HURT the average citizen and that your pie in the sky Utopian ideas are just that... ideas that can not come to pass until some major changes occur.  One of those major changes would be how you treat poor black Americans. Instead of enabling them to fail try enabling them for success. And this idea of abusing the 14th Amendment over ILLEGALaliens... yes good job, that has only angered the American base even more.  Grow up!
Trumpy the KKKlown does seem to obsess about the smallness of certain things.  First it was his hands.  Now it's the crowd at his inauguration.  And his particular focus is comparing his crowd with that of the first BLACK president?  Ye gods and little fishes.  Freud and Fanon would have had a field day with this.  So will, I suspect, most comedians.
Over 10 people are shot in Chicago every single day - the average murder rate in Chicago to date in 2017 is 1.9 murders per day. The majority of the victims and the shooters are young black men. Imagine being a police officer when on every shift, 5-10 people are shot. http://crime.chicagotribune.com/chicago/shootings/
This is an editorial from one person, and not a very well thought out one either. The republican party has been failing for decades, which is the reason he was elected. He is more conservative than most of the other candidates, with the exception of Ted Cruz. You seem to be unaware that the majority of the people in this country want the confederate statues to remain where they are, including over 44% of black people. 14% don't even care. The overwhelming majority want them to remain. The definition of conservatism has changed throughout time. I believe Trump is fiscally conservative without a doubt, more so than Reagan. I believe he wants smaller government and fewer restrictions. That's conservative without a doubt. I agree that he may not be socially conservative, but really how many of the other republicans really are? A handful maybe. It would appear that Trump is more conservative than the author and even cares about the country. That's more than the author appears to care for.
When I picture even a few of many prominent black voices in America today a long side your notion of "the migration of racist America away from the Democratic Party and to the GOP". I can all the more fully appreciate sensible individuals who say such notions are ridiculous as they continue in their efforts to educate others by calling out the Democrat party that in one form or another continues in it's efforts to enslave people.
The racial situation in this country is complicated and literally incomprehensible. Of course many whites "don't get it"... many blacks don't seem to either.
More interesting questions, why would there be routine shootings in white neighborhoods; why would whites have a hostile attitude toward police?  The 2014 National Survey on Drug Use and Health concluded that whites have higher rates of drug use than blacks but blacks do more prison time, are policed more (carding).   Raw numbers in the 2009 NSDUH survey among 18-25 yearold whites, 5M use illicit drugs compared to 1M blacks (5:1 ratio) yet~50% of those in prison for drug crimes are black.  White dealers also outnumber black dealers. Mohamed & Fritsvold's study of dorm room dealers shows how white drug dealers without any effort avoid both prison and the stigma of dealing.  Strategies to avoid cops was alien to them unlike black (street) dealers who had many. They note dealing is low-risk because whites are anti-targets in the war on drugs;  are invisible to cops because they don’t fit the drug dealer stereotype.  Dealing, the authors say is intentionally ignored by campus authorities.
Throw the Bundys in the same prison as the Occupy, Greenpeace, and Black Lives Matter protesters.
Trump retweeted a graphic from a white supremacist falsely claiming that 81 percent of white homicide victims were killed by black people.   When Trump retweeted the account @WhiteGenocideTM, the publisher of the neo-Nazi Daily Stormer could barely contain his excitement.   “Our Glorious Leader and ULTIMATE SAVIOR has gone full-wink-wink-wink to his most aggressive supporters,” he wrote.   “Whereas the odd White genocide tweet could be a random occurrence, it isn’t statistically possible that two of them back to back could be a random occurrence. It could only be deliberate.”
Undeniably, a surprising number of Latinos voted for Trump (Blacks were about historically on par with previous presidential elections).  Nevertheless, you fail to address the author's questions, including how could so many "faithful" Catholics vote for a man who called the pope "disgraceful"?    I can only begin to imagine how the likes of Raymond Arroyo would have had a coronary if Obama had said the same of Benedict or JPII.
Since the 19th century, those who were currently citizens of Canada--but whose families had emigrated here--have been afraid of new immigrants, for much the same reasons. In the mid 19th century there was a pecking order of which immigrants were the most desirable, beginning with British and Americans only. In the late 19th century, British and Americans were preferred, followed by northern and western Europeans, central and eastern Europeans and then by Jews and southern Europeans. Religious sects such as Hutterites and Mennonites or Doukhobors were less wanted and Asians and Blacks were almost unacceptable. People displaced by WWII were seen as dirty DP's who were bringing crime to Canada. The truth of the matter is that the majority of immigrants became great citizens of Canada despite the fears of the "old stock" Canadians. When will the ignorance and misinformation stop? There should be a place in Canada for people seeking refuge and a new life despite the ranting of the ignorant.
You are spot on. Cultural differences are critical to this crisis. The former white schools and private schools are sought out for their excellence by black learners who then find themselves  in a foreign space from a cultural perspective. The question is how does one change this but not import the ...lack of excellence that is so prevalent in  most state (and thus mostly black) schools.
At least some in the black community are finally realizing that, after decades of nothing but lip service and nothing else, the democrat party has done nothing for them. Take a look at ANY city such as Detroit and Chicago. Hopefully the AFN will eventually wake up and see that BOTH PARTIES are corrupt and dont care about any of us.
Connie Black states that Bernier will be PM of Canada for the next 30 years.   Why is Connie Black a free man, thats my ?????  Why is Connie Black walking a free man.....
I'd love to see your black market source that sells for such a low cost.  Without fail, across the country, black markets, the few and far between, are always higher than retail. Sometimes as much as 3 times the cost. An easy search on Google pulls up detailed articles from Frontline, Newsweek and Forbes will prove your misconception wrong.   Straw purchases and corrupt gun stores are up and away the most likely ways criminals have access to guns.   If you truly want to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, man up, and support sane gun legislation to that end. If you are truly a law-abiding gun owner, support laws to keep guns out of criminals and abide them. Sometimes burdens are acceptable for the greater good.  We realize taking away guns from the American populace isn't going to happen, we just want to keep them out of the wrong hands.  Doing nothing but allowing these things to continue is not only irresponsible but downright asinine.
I was just reading about another possible way that Trump and his cohorts may have tried to cover up their various suspected dealings with Russia. Under freedom of information it has been found out that, contained with the now infamous travel ban documents, Customs Border Guards were to 'strong arm' members of Congress and Attorneys are to 'treated with suspicion'.  “I’m extremely troubled that CBP [Customs and Border Protection] employees would be instructed by superiors to ignore Congressional representatives trying to do their job, especially under such circumstances,” said Sen. Cory Booker, a New Jersey Democrat. “We suspected as much at the time, but it’s jarring to see it in black and white. I’ll be seeking more information from CBP on this matter.”  Someone in the WH doesn't want them to do their job, investigation.  http://www.thedailybeast.com/border-patrol-ordered-to-block-congressmen-during-travel-ban
The DNC doesn't need to drop themselves in American flags, and look like Hitler, and pretend to be Americans.  The diverse skin colors in the audience says it all.  I only saw two black people in a Youtube photo during the RNC.  I had a pretty good laugh.  It was far more hilarious for the Republicans to try to form the term diversity on their lips.
GBA: I respond to your "trolling" posts with "DO NOT FEED THE TROLLS " and will continue to do so.  However, you ask a reasonable question.  May I answer it.  One of the fundamental bases of "liberalism" as I view it is the concept of "community", the concern for others, including those you've not met and likely never will.  It involves empathy.... " the action of understanding, being aware of, being sensitive to, and vicariously experiencing the feelings, thoughts, and experience of another" (from the M.W. Dictionary).  I don't have to be directly and personally harmed to oppose harm which is being done to others.  Some, among them, you, use disparaging terms to characterize such "liberal" thought and resultant action.  I'm not gay, but I really care that gays have protection and equal rights.  I'm not Black, but I strongly oppose racism. I'm not a woman, but I support the ERA.  I'm not transgender, but I feel others should not discriminate against them.  (cont.)
Oh, you're good.  Have you ever seen a prosecutor's position description?  It doesn;t include going 'round to public schools giving seminars on the consequences of crack laws.  You get more amusing with every posting.  Please keep them coming.  Your view, however, that whites, in general, don't really care whether blacks live or die is really too serious to let drop.  If you really cared about black lives, you'd be more honest about what happened in Ferguson and stop fanning flames.  Which BLM literally did.
No matter what happened to Mr. DeSousa, the end result is the Greek community electing one of its own and rejecting the token black woman suggested by the PM.  Multiculturalism is eating itself. In the absence of a mutual understanding of what it is to be a Canadian (or Quebecer), the old, more entrenched "ethnic voters" threw a wrench in Trudeau's self-imposed quota of "racialized" and foreign-born cabinet members.  I can hear Jacques Parizeau laughing in his grave.
' …Sheila,   …the Black Panthers didn't scare all white people. . Plenty of white people stood with the Panthers.  Especially in Oakland and all around the bay. . Very true the Panthers scared some.  Some deserved scaring.    Some deserved more than scaring. . They scared Governor Reagan and his supporters.  They probably scared Herbert Hoover the most.   .  They scared Establishment whites, true enough.  Even today, just the mention scares some white people.  Irrational and bigoted ones, mostly. . Now as it was then.
Hey Lars, I'm familiar with the statistics, but I don't see the relationship to this article.  As a Left leaning fiscal conservative (yes, I love Freedom, etc.), I want to make sure the money I pay in taxes for a program like this is keeping the most likely future offenders in prison (and saving me money by releasing those least likely to offend again).   The research cited here shows that the program two big flaws: 1. It doesn't accurately predict future criminal behavior; 2. It consistently over-predicts the future criminal behavior of Blacks.  I don't think you meant this, but your comment infers that releasing Whites likely to commit future crimes is okay, and keeping Blacks that are not likely future criminals incarcerated is justified.    Here's your chance to clarify your position.
What about the white cop in San Antonio executed by the black man yesterday Mr. Pitts. Have the Trump "racists" executed anybody yet?
We also have people who believe that Blacks are superior to other races; and are Black Nationalists -wanting their own 'reservation'... and we have people who disagree.
I have long maintained that racism and bigotry is a mental illness and should be included as such in DSM lV, the bible of mental health practitioners. Left untreated it produces psychotic and dangerous people like Dylan Roof, white, who said at his sentencing hearing today he feels no remorse and isn’t sorry for killing 9 innocent Black people in a Charleston S.C. church. He pumped 77 bullets into them as they bowed their heads and closed their eyes to pray. That is racism.
John:  One thing it makes you is a far more prescient soul than I.  I hoped we'd be moving in the direction of that "post-racial/racist" America as we worked together as a nation to address the many issues facing us and doing it with an African American President.  I failed to grasp the depth of racism still existing in our country.  Those tens of millions of racist attacks on President Obama rather quickly showed me how wrong I was.  The "Birther" movement showed the same thing.    We now have a major party candidate for President who doesn't even attempt to conceal is racism and xenophobia......he parades it and his followers "cheer and jeer" under his directions.  I'm no longer that optimist.  Our Grandson just turned 21.  He's an absolutely wonderful young man, bright, respectful to all, kind...just a great person.  and, because of the color of his skin, I fear for his personal safety... To me that's a very, very sad testimony on the state of America today.  regards, Gary
It is more like ghettos lead to violence.  It didn't work very well in the US cities to create black ghettos.  Might be more of a reason.  After all if I recall correctly, the attacks in France were carried out by citizens born in France of immigrant parents.
I wish someone would do an extensive investigation of the correlation between the rise of diversity and the lowering of contributions of states to higher education. I first went to college in the 1960's, when the University of Connecticut was pretty much all white. After riots burned cities during those times, changes were made, and more and more black students were able to attend college. Yet the contribution offered by the state was reduced significantly. I would guess almost all states would show a graph that indicates that as diversity increased, tax funding was reduced for public schools, but there was a significant rise in private funding for private schools. Racism in higher ed? Hugh Massengill, Eugene
Rephrase that and add the following words:   It is specifically a protest of the treatment of Black Americans by the police - IN A VERY, VERY FEW ISOLATED INSTANCES  There have been what, 5 police shootings in the last year against African Americans ? How many white cops have killed white people in the same period ? 100 times that ?
It's not merely an issue of individual hatred.  It is a matter of institutional policy.  It's a reality that state power has ALWAYS been antagonistically wielded against against black and brown folks as opposed to whites.  The leopard does not change its spots.  We don't expect a government that has throughout its history engaged in 'social engineering' exclusively to further the interests of rich white men to the detriment of everyone else to act benevolently towards us.  We understand that this engenders significant restrictions to our children's lives with which yours don't have to contend.  And it's neither 'playing the victim' or being bitter to point this out.  It is what it is.  And preparing my children and grandchildren to deal with it is my duty.  And the role of victim is NEVER "play", unless your idea of a good time is to have a cop tell you some night how he killed your child because he 'looked just like' a wanted criminal.  Oops!  We're sorry--don't be bitter!
India had a woman Prime Minister much before Canada thought about it. The President of India's largest political party is a woman, born in Italy, Catholic (in Hindu dominent India). Imagine Canada gets a Prime Minister, who is Muslim, Woman, Black and not born in Canada. Tell me who needs to learn from whom about diversity and tolerance.
You have got to be kidding me,  Talk about a double standard. Michelle Obama was the most educated and professionally accomplished First Lady ever.  Conservatives never gave her a word of praise during her 8 years in the role.  In addition, liberal feminist also never came out on her behalf either. Although she was constantly called angry black woman, looks like a man, looks like an ape, picture on cover of New Yorker magazine with a machine gun, clothes cost too much, etc. Look at comments to this article, calling her double wide and Michael. Shameful! President Obama along with Michelle were dignified, intelligent, and kind during their tenure in the White House.  Everyone knows that if they behaved the way our current President and First Lady have - they would have been booted out of the White House by now.  You tell me if Michelle Obama posed nude and lied about having a Bachelors degree if President Obama would have been elected. We should be ashamed of our current administration.
I disagree about women and non white people.   Women in  particular, but I can understand the question of black people.    I don't think it's a racial discrimination as much as it is against those in low income/poverty.     That would include a pretty big hunk of rural America as well.  By numbers I would guess it will disproportionately affect the black population.    I see you point, but I think it's about winning elections, not racism.  I could be wrong   Now if their was a period of time that election officials would help in clearing an initial search for registration documents, it would go down a lot easier.  Maybe help in finding the birth certificate.   But once established as an illegible voter, polling place documentation should never be required.     Baring an official more to that, give any program 5 years to take effect and that should be sufficient time to locate and register all adult voters.  Should, but who knows how hacking could effect the voting process in the future
Ossoff has got to be one of the whitest men I have ever laid eyes on and he must bleach his skin or something because he is so bizarrely white. I just don't picture him crying himself to sleep at night thinking about the plight of the poor negroes in the district that he moved out of. I reckon though if the DNC Plantation Slave Masters tell the blacks to vote for this very, very white man then that's what they will be forced to do. If anyone knows of a man who is more white than this guy, let me know!
Sorry, pete, but other than defending the gay agenda, you have posted nothing to prove you care about gays more than I do.  I treat both gay men at work like everybody else.  One of the gay men at work is my second favorite person to hold a serious conversation with.  (He'd be my favorite if he liked baseball.)  I won't apologize for having gay friends and I won't apologize for not liking their lifestyle.  My opposition to what happened to Masterpiece Bakery is only about the progressive agenda, which you want to succeed.  Progressives are using gays and blacks and anyone they can to fundamentally change America and I totally object to that happening.
There is a widely held belief, primarily by black Africans, that they cannot be racist. That racism can only be white on black. BLF is the living, shouting, abusive proof that blacks are equally succeptable  to racist outbursts. Their organization is founded on racist principles, and whenever it opens it mouth, it spews forth racist invective. Enough already! I insist that the HRC takes them to task, and charges them with Hate Speech. They are no better than Penny Sparrow, much worse, in fact.
thats just rude and bullying by eric trump. who is he to tell people what to do or scold someone who is being honest, courageous and standing up for everyones right??? what gives him the rights act like a snob? what happened to free speech...instead catch blacks call them crimnals and then make them work as slaves in prisons because you ' re too lazy to do your own work? are you adults even? then use religion and race as excuses for your reckless and irresponsible disregard for anything that is good? cmon. jd and kathy was awesome. so was obamas and clintons. and you know it!
Why is 'black' in the headline?  ALL homeowners must make payments or be foreclosed.
I've never understood the attack on Jews. I work with Jews, I have Jewish neighbors...dated a Jew many years ago. To me, it's like picking on the Lutherans for no reason at all.   But here we are, white supremacists all emboldened and worked up by Trump, putting their ignorance out into the light for all to see. This is the time when the rest of us, Jewish, Muslim, Christians, gay, black, brown, etc., all come together to fight this disease and push it back into the shadows.
According to the 2015 census estimates, there are 4,356 Native American in Lane County.  1.5% of the population.  Roughly the same amount as blacks in the County.
Hilliary had just as many endorsements from the kkk. The Democrats started the kkk, The Democrats filibustered the civil rights act, twice. George Wallace, a Democrat, stood at the door to deny blacks entry to the University of Alabama for registration after it's passage. Democrats have largely been on the wrong side of history when it comes to social issues.
Obama's legacy is -- 7 years of recession, 7 countries bombed (Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Somalia, Yemen, Libya & Syria), destabilized countries (Egypt, Libya, Syria, Iraq, Ukraine, Yemen), emboldening and possibly funding terrorists (Muslim Brotherhood, Hamas, ISIS and Al Qaeda), killing American citizens without benefit of trial (Awlaki), dividing the nation along race & income lines, $10+ trillion in national debt, the highest annual deficits of any president for 6 years in a row, executive actions that have suspended the constitutional rights of Americans, Obamacare bankrupting the middle class. Did you see the jobs report last week?  Great legacy! Not saying Bush did any better ... just pointing out that Obama has been terrible but has largely escaped criticism for his war mongering because liberals are loath to criticize the first black president. If John McCain had won that election and done exactly what Obama has done, his approval ratings would be comparable to Congress.
When Drumpf was a landlord, he was sued by blacks and Hispanics for housing discrimination...and lost in court. So he does have a researchable track record of discrimination. Those of you who think Drumpf is no more nor less racist than the rest of us...ask  yourselves how many times have you had to admit under oath that you discriminate against blacks and Hispanics.
Not all shootings of black men are prosecuted and how many cops have been convicted?!?!😡😡
I love Australia, my brother and his family live there and I have visited many times but there is no doubt that there remains a strong streak of racism among many Australians, a hang over from the old "whites only" immigration policy. Although it never got to the nastiness of apartheid because black people were not allowed in and a lid was placed on the Aboriginal population to keep it under control, it had a similar origin. Your internment camps are a disgrace. Thankfully, I know that a lot of Australians are not racist.
Remember that this woman is in the same law school wherein many supported the termination of a long-term and apparently hard working female professor because she put on black make-up in her own home.  I also am an independent and judge every issue on its own merits as I see them.  Many here use the m-word whenever a commenter does not accept and support anything a woman says.  Maybe you are different.  Maybe not.  If you read the introduction, she spends considerable time explaining how she tended to like boyish things but was told, by some, that she should be more feminine in ways that stifled her growth leading to the short skirts etc. etc,  There is more than meets the eye.  By the way, I like the image of a sparkle of the eye when one is intent on and idea partisan or otherwise.  And finally, sorry, but I know of nothing that puts Trump in the camp of rapists.  Sorry, but that perspective is part of the post-truth media world.
Maddening to watch people sticking needles into their arms under the blue tarp.  Black bald man holding large bag of white powder.  Watched one lady under tarp shoot up three times.  Apparently an outdoor shooting gallery and the police are either powerless or too understaffed to do anything about it.  I can certainly understand the frustration business owners in the area have, especially when it's their customers who have to confront this situation in order to access their facilities. This opinion piece seeks to shame the business owner.  We would be better served if it shamed the city, the mayor, council members, law enforcement.
You don't achieve eternal life in the Christian faith. Maybe the author misquoted the pastor here but he is dead wrong if he used those words. God's grace through his son Jesus Christ is the only way for eternal life and salvation. There is no "achieving". The holy spirit lives within a believer and if that believer continually seeks it out, the holy spirit will take that person where they need to go. Politics aren't black and white, no racial pun intended, so it is not easy for churches to choose a side in the democrat vs republican world we live in in the US. Sexuality is very much a part of the bible both old and new testaments. To properly teach the bible a pastor must be ready to teach bible based sexuality.
It's pretty black and white, convicted and known terrorist who killed people gets paid $10.5M for it.
Judges have good judgment, Harper and others on the hard right do not - they see things in black/white terms that have no bearing on reality.
Charles, that your former co-workers were shocked, doesn't surprise me. The comment about being married to a Latina falls pretty much in the same category as the claim by whites not be biased because they have black friends. Tell me this, please. The profit center you mention in your last post, that of slave owners raping their black slaves, do you equate that with, say, cattle breeding? We let the bull mate with the cow so we will have more bovines. Is that your point? (I want to be sure I understand.)
The 1959 Oregon Constitution prohibited emigration by blacks.  But it also prohibited slave holding.
Hey, we got the Isreali who actually showed promise, another lumbering white guy, a decent white guy in Johnson, a returning fairly athletic senior black guy who started so UH got enough inside players for the conference they play in. You're not asking for much are you? If you think we can get that type of thoroughbred (sounds like you're dreaming of another Lebron), sorry but the last time I checked, UH is not member of a power conference. I can't even recall the last time UH had a player fitting your description. Let me know when you wake up from your dreaming.
Just to note RD cites the tail end of Jim Crow as a golden age of black stability.
The Southern Poverty Law Center documents 1,094 bias-related incidents from November 9 through December 16, 2016.  The incidents include, in descending order of frequency, anti-immigrant, anti-black, anti-Muslim, anti-LGBT, Swastika, white nationalist fliers, anti-woman, anti-Semitic, anti-Trump, KKK.  The report also lists a dozen reports of bias-related incidents that were likely false reports.  The report is here: https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/12/16/update-1094-bias-related-incidents-month-following-election
If you think that in America black men and women are admired while "rich white girls" are despised, you've never heard of OJ and the Kardashians.
You seem to forget that the Jewish community was very unhappy since quite a few of those NAZI scientists were also war criminals who evaded justice thanks to those operations. So if you're going to use an analogy you need to follow it through. In your own analogy - Zille (and perhaps white South Africans in general) may be America, but black South Africans would be the Jewish holocaust survivors. And there's another flaw in the analogy. Jewish people today are still well under 1% of the US population. Americans could storm-roll their interest in that regard and get away with it because they weren't enough to influence an election. We have the OPPOSITE scenario here. Every voter the DA can possibly gain in future has to come from the black community. It's not like the FF+ will lose voters to the DA. They can't afford to piss them off the way Eisenhower could afford to piss of the American Jews..
Are you sure it's Trump, or better,  the Al Sharpton's, who would like to keep racism alive to hold the black voting block.
Typical reaction: If you disagree with me, then I'm surely an apologist and supporter. Where were you when Trump haters in their black hoods were assaulting people? Where were you when Trump haters in their black hoods were destroying property? Did you speak out against it?  I doubt it. By your philosophy, that obviously makes you an apologist and supporter of their violence and destruction. Whether you like it or not, people have a right to demonstrate, regardless of how you feel about their message. The BLM has the same right. It's when people try to stop them from exercising that right that things get out of control, and the Trump haters are some of the worst. You seem to have an issue with people expressing their opinion. BTW, where did I use the word "equivalent"? Read it again and stop trying to spin it for your agenda.
perhaps if starring roles were given to aging asians/blacks/hispanics you could get your wish.  but the directors choose the same white guys over and over again.
So that's why Lincoln freed the slaves and a mere 100 years later blacks got civil rights? They were protesting in the wrong venue? Is it blacks' fault that they were the slaves of whites in America and had to ride in the back of the bus and weren't allowed to vote or go to schools with whites?
Lol, what's the point? Trump denouncing hate is like Rush Limbaugh denouncing PCP. He's just going to do it again when you turn your back. DJ Butt Trumpet has worked tirelessly for decades to ban black people from his buildings, he has consistently and enthusiastically expressed a belief that black people are intrinsically lazy and his beloved father, who he has modeled his entire persona on, was a member of the KKK. He loves to hate. He lives to hate! That's why he was elected! Take the hate away and all that's left is a yellowhaired Oompa Loompa with a remedial vocabulary.
And Americans need to heal. . BREAKING:  Joe Biden declares that after such defeats by their own party, "there is no single leader" of the Democratic Party following the 2016 election. . #CNNsotu http://cnn.it/2hiSjml . Since 2008 Democrats have been slowly voted out of office and can now only rely on two major minority demographics to win elections.  Women figured out that despite what Hillary was telling them, they weren't victims, after all-- and walked away.  But if Leftists can continue convincing blacks and Latinos that they're better off (like the ones in Chicago and Detroit, who have had Democrat mayors for how long, now?) then they'll continue to suck us dry, no matter the social cost.
Sorry to question your assertion pard, but... We indeed have non-Muslim terrorists amongst us. Consider: the white Christian who killed all those people in a black church, all the school killers who were young whites (eg. Columbine, Sandy Hook), the white Christians who have bombed abortion clinics and killed abortion providers, the KKK, the redneck whites that took over the Oregon wildlife refuge, the Unibomber, the IRA in Britain and the list goes on and on. If by ignorant public policy we alienate or make enemies of the billions of Muslims in the world, including allied countries around the world, what then? How can law enforcement and our intelligence agencies gain the confidence and help of Muslims in this country and around the world to fight terrorism when Trump and his cronies practice xenophobia? I agree with many who assert that Trump is playing right into the hands of radical Islamist terrorists.
Drumpf barely reads the text on his teleprompter. As for his 'ideas' on the Civil War, they're not just uninformed, they're patches of extremism that he's absorbed in beer talk. The idea that the Civil War was 'not necessary' is a Secessionist whine in favor of 'states rights' (against blacks as 'people' with equal rights, and in favor of calling them someone's private property). The whine that the Civil War was 'unfortunate' is Trump repeating what his White Nationalists would say, that killing all those white soldiers, North and South, in a war against slavery, was a 'waste of good people and resources'. There is nothing more un-American than Donald Trump.
All people's practices have some moral failings.  I'm not a moral relativist.  Just because they are culturally ingrained don't make them right.  For instance, Southern U.S. culture was deeply steeped in slavery. I was all for morally self-righteous white folks from the North not adopting slavery, and was all for the morally self-righteous black churchgoers in the South trying to end it.
Trump was charged with tenant discrimination 3 times that I know of (and paid fines only 3 times).  He excluded black tenant applications, was sued by the Feds and paid his fine.  After that, he ignored judges orders, and continued to exclude by writing a "C" on applications turned in by black people.  He got caught a 2nd time and paid his way out again.  Trump is, and always has been a racist.  A military veteran was thrown out of his Trump rental because he had a Service Dog for a disability.  Trump was charged by the Feds, and paid his fine.  Trumps father was KKK and arrested in New York.  Yes, it was Trump's father.  Trump may not be a Nazi, but he is a dyed in the wool racist (despite the fact that he has had people of color around him whom he tolerates).  Like Schwab and many others have been saying since he became a candidate:  There was no excuse for not knowing he was a racist.  To look the other way is to condone it.
It sounds as if it was an attack on the Black Lives Matter movement.
HNIC broadcasts in Punjabi.  I play with people of all races.  I used to play with a group of Italian and Greek guys in scarborough.  I also played on a mostly asian team.  It never comes up in a game, but if I look around the room from last weekend there were black, a couple asian, italian, Russian, Israeli and some waspy Canadians and some second generation southern European canadians.  It's not race, it's cultural.  Once people get a sense of the game many recognize what a great sport it is to watch and play.  Last year a guy on my team sponsored a Syrian refugee who came out to games.  I never saw him put skates on but I bet it won't be long.
Political correctness has deeply infected our rhetoric & thinking.  Critiquing the mega-banks' negative influence on life in the free world deals with behavior - not race or culture. Not all bankers are jewish, not all looters are black, etc.  Here again, we see the race card thrown in to obscure any discussion of negative behavior.
Does "the pot calling the kettle black" mean anything to you?
In Texas, the gunman killed 26 people and used a military-style semi-automatic weapon.  ----  A handgun is a military style semi-auto.  Or did he use an M16 or M4?  Those are military style assault weapons due to their select fire capability.   If he used an AR-15, that is classified as a modern sporting rifle.    Anyways, back to the truck used in the New York terror attack.  Fascinating stuff.  I heard it had a fully automatic transmission?    That sounds scary.  I hope the truck wasn't painted black.
"Many activists affiliated with the loosely organized Antifa movement consider themselves anarchists or socialists. They often wear black and take measures to conceal their identity."  Nope, that's Black Block, which is an anarchist based protest tactic.   Naturally often allied with Anti-fascist, but not necessarily the same people, and you'll find Black Block activists at lots of protests that have nothing to do with fascists, while Antifa is a group not just a tactic, specificallyy targeted at Fascism, and does not tend to appear elsewhere.   They don't wear black, and their origins are rooted in early communists, socialists and progressive Christian orgs, anarchists might tag along but by definition aren't org joiners.
Charles, you need to research the WHY of the rise of the KKK occurred after and in response to the Reformation, where the Union showed it's angry, resentful Hate  towards the Southerners by installing unqualified yet Negro LE and even Judges to 'administer' "Justice"....time for some "Payback'? - you bet! - and understandable.  But so was the inevitable backlash by the vanquished Southerners., and the rise of the KKK . If you repeatedly kick a beaten dog, he may just bite!  NOT an Excuse, Not a justification, but an explanation.
Get over it Clinton Cheerleaders.  Hillary Clinton and husband  Bill are never going to be President and a Shadow President.  On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama will resume his community organizing as a race hustler to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them in the Democrat Party a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit internationally getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,  Oh by the way, the Democrat norms have created a $20 trillion dollar national debt, an $800 billion dollar trade imbalance, less that a 2% economic growth over the last years, 46 million Americans on welfare, 93 million out of the workforce,  a real unemployment of 10%+ not the 6% reported by the GAO, and the disaster called Obamacare.
Elisabeth, I think you're a bit over the top with this article. I usually enjoy your columns which I tend to agree with most times. However, I get a feeling that this hate-on for white men has been simmering for quite some time.  Look, the vast majority of Canadians (white, black, brown, red, or whatever colour, male, female or somewhere in between are disgusted with what these 5 men did last week in Nova Scotia. Yes they are white male very right wing-nuts that unfortunately make up a small portion of our society.   But, statements like "The pants, like gauntlets in centuries before, are dropped" and "They just want two hours of peace. Which, as many women know, is practically impossible." are really off the wall. I don't which women you speak of, but they sure aren't in my circle of friends.  I hope you feel better now and return to writing some great articles about important stuff while Canadian society continues on the correct path towards complete equality for all it's citizens.
And today, yet the fourth acquittal of a police officer in the Freddie Gray case in Baltimore.  Found Not Guilty by Baltimore City Circuit Court Judge Barry Williams, who is also black.    Per a CNN article, the Judge spent "years prosecuting cases in the same courthouse where he now presides, to his investigation and prosecution of police misconduct cases for the U.S. Justice Department -- uniquely prepared him to deliver the first verdict in the closely-watched Freddie Gray case."  The family has already received their $6.4 million settlement, and their attorney said about Judge Williams:  "At this critical time and for good and sound and decent reasons, we have to respect Judge Williams' opinion, because it was the result of an obviously fair process," Gray family attorney Billy Murphy told CNN on Tuesday. "  after the acquittal of Officer Nero by the Judge.
We bring flowers to the dead be they school kids, Blacks at bible study, Parisians, Africans, Muslims in war zones, civil servants in San Bernadino or dancers at a gay club in Orlando. It's about death among LGBT people joining the massacred. We mourn them. But serial mourning is as pathetic as serial Muslim blaming.   Congress, of all places, found a button to push. Gun violence.  John Lewis was there. I saw pictures of my old friend Judy Chu, identified among the least effective members of Congress, sitting on the House floor being ineffective, but bothering a lot of people. The sit-in has stopped for the moment.   Heard Gabbard was there, but don't know why. Ditto Hirono. There's significant opposition to any gun control  legislation for good as well as awful reasons. Let's light a fire under our representatives so we know where they stand. It's a matter of life or death.
I am a retired Army colonel. This PC, left wing jerk is trying to protect his corrupt Air Force buddies who let the shooter get a gun. The shooter was stopped by an NRA member with a semi automatic weapon.  I wonder if the failure to report convicted domestic abusers is an Obama era policy to allow more black veterans to become policemen. Blacks and other minorities make up the majority of servicemen convicted in court martials and these convictions should prevent them from having guns which prevents them from becoming police officers.
As I understand it, the Justice Department action is directed towards discrimination against students of Asian descent by Harvard University.  "[DOJ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur] Flores said the department was looking for lawyers to investigate a 2015 complaint filed with the Department of Education over Harvard University's race-based quota system. The complaint alleges the Ivy-League school requires Asian students to have SAT scores 140 points higher than white students, 270 points higher than Hispanics and 450 points higher than black students.
1. Minimum sample size of 58 - only report scientifically significant results. 2. Replication - IIRC there's another historical study. But non-historical statistical studies validate by high correlation of success. 3. Nonrandomness selection - test objective is made narrow for the sample size. We study poor black children of black parents in the same neighborhood. Test and control groups are matched to within 5%. 4. BOTH test and control groups had a parent at home to monitor the child. A need for good data. Makes a scientific comparison possible. Not a statistical study where randomness with large sample size is used for uncontrolled variables. 5. "Intervention" - BOTH groups were extensively interviewed and studied. A must in these historical studies which show cause and effect. 6. Cost is too much - $90000 means about 10 million of which the University takes half for administration. 5 million to pay for 7 researchers & 15 educators? Science is expensive.
funny didn't think anyone was arguing that. So why compound the deaths anymore?  Seems the American citizens have enough work on there plate and do not need to add to that work by adding more citizens. Is that the point you were trying to make. Next show me the demographics for those citizens killed, where they were, etc. My guess is democratic run cities and states and predominately black on black deaths. Simply a hunch though. What's your guess?
Was she angry at being acknowledged as female or being challenged? Farenthold didn't insult Collins. What leftist Collins did was certainly uncalled for and undoubtedly the "pot calling the kettle black."
This malodor taking place in the media is truly unfortunate.  Do we ban movies such as Gone With The Wind, How the West Was Won?  Do we purge our history books of the first several hundred years of our existence?  Do we white-out the passages in the Constitution talking about slavery?  Although the Civil War manumitted blacks in America, a new form of economic and code slavery kept blacks in the U.S. suppressed for another hundred years.  Do we treat the period between 1865 - 1965 the same as some of the reactionaries are doing right now?
Jesus did heal on the Sabbath and engaged any number of other actions deemed sinful by the official hierarchy of his time.  He was not an all or nothing,  black and white Jewish believer.  One could say He had the capacity to be a relativist.
"all the vile qualities by which alt-right has been defined" . Defined by who? You? 46% of voters voted Trump. That's a pretty good proxy for the American population: 46% supported Trump or weren't bothered by him enough to go vote for someone else. If your 40% number (pulled out of thin air) was correct you would be saying that 18.4% (40% of 46%) of the American population, 1-in-5 Americans, think racism, fascism etc. is okey-dokey. I don't buy it. . The Left well knows the power of a name. That's why the Left insists that groups it likes be referred to in the way the group wants but that groups they don't like must be referred to in the way the Left wants. . I notice that the claims about the Alt-Right don't seem to include being anti-gay anymore. That would be kind of difficult considering that Milo Yiannopoulos, one of its most visible proponents, is openly gay. His openly pronounced preference for black partners to whom he is submissive makes the racism charge a little dodgy too.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders ought to push for a similar probe.     Mayor John Tory would certainly support the Chief's leadership in forming a special task force to address this virulent problem in the city.  Certain white supremacist groups (both white and black racists) are ramping up hate crimes especially towards Muslims, setting them up for allegations of jihadist radicalization and violent activities.  It has nothing to do with Trump's presidency, which is being used by them as a convenient cover for their own racist activism that have been gaining momentum.
Nothing less than spending those two days in stockades whilst being pummeled with rotten, organic, locally grown tomatoes would suffice.   However....Here's a thought. We all know how black folks often use the 'N' word when referring to each other. Do LGBTQABC folks do the same? Could this be something similar?....I mean, we've all seen how they pat each other on the tush after a good play.....NOT that there's anything wrong with that.
Yes, Jerry, apparently using her reasoning the Nat. Basketball Ass, N.B.A., should disband as 11 out of 13 members of each team are Black/ African-American.
Remember the afro wig and black makeup? There are a probably 1.6 Africans in the world, and the point is? If I recall right you have a opinion on that too. And yes to answer your question that is the best I got as I am a product of public school.
"there were no retaliation from the black man, or from Africa". You "sir" are a half wit in addition to being grammatically incompetent. For a primer, look up Rourk'e Drift, The Siege of Khartoum, The Mau Mau, and when, after you have taken a few months to gain a minimal understanding of them, turn your attention  to African and Arab complicity in the slave trade. After a few more months of study, spend some more time examining conflicts within Africa which, thought tribal, are just as racist.
The coalition is in place for a black candidate to win the nomination, in several states, minorities will probably make up the majority of Democrat primary voters. At this point I would be surprised if a black Democrat runs next time and does NOT get the nomination.  Recent elections demonstrate that the black voter is not as inclined to vote without a black candidate on the ballot.
Are we talking Bennet, roughed up, verbally harassed? An example of guilt by association, and the police have every right to assume, until the evidence says other wise. Guns more prevalent among blacks and black players, then among any other race?
I read an observation of the event from a member of the clergy this morning. The clergy turned up in force to counter this hate fest, and here's an excerpt from a theologian who was actually there, rather than from you, who is just parroting what you hear on fox: "Along with Congregate C’ville, there were other groups protesting the message of white supremacy and Naziism. I was deeply impressed with the Black Lives Matter participants. They went into the middle of the fray and stood strong and resilient against vicious attacks, insults, spitting, pepper spray, tear gas, and hurled objects. It’s deeply disgusting to see BLM be vilified on Fox News and other conservative outlets after watching them comport themselves with courage in the face of vile hatred this weekend."  Again, this person was there. So as for your comment? BS.
The old Democrat party found new life in the new Republican Party. Amazing, isn't it, Paul, how no law prevents folks from switching political affiliation? So when the Democrats started granting civil rights to blacks, there was a mass exodus of white racists from the Democrat party who then joined the Republican Party. Nice try, though.
On CNN's website it shows a video and he is definitely of African American descent. Funny how the RG doesn't mention it.
I guarantee you that if a blue eyed blond Finn named Taisto shows up at the restaurant or his cousin Alpo the hostess would have no problem with their names. Once a black or south Asian man shows up the discrimination starts.
Hmmm.  Let's look at the statistics of Mr. Kristof's employment survey.  If the employer call-backs were absolutely color-blind and purely random, any African-American applicant could expect that their odds of contact would match their *proportion in the general population*.  At this point in time (according to Wikipedia), African-Americans comprise some 12.6% of the total U.S. population, very close to one person in eight (1:8).  Conversely, it follows that white applicants would comprise most of the *other* 7 out of 8 callbacks, proportionately speaking.  Now, Mr. Kristof reports that African-American applicants instead receive one-half the callbacks that white peeps do, that is, a ratio close to 7 out of 16 (about 44%).     Huh.  That 44% callback rate, relative to whites, is nearly 3.5x what we would statistically expect from a random, color-blind process.  So why is the African-American applicant portrayed as a "victim" here???
The event is something I expected.   The President is clearly a favorite of Military advice and world view.   I mentioned that he would find a 'winnable' small conflict in his first year and he has.   Syria is no threat to any other nation at this point, although Russian support changes that dynamic.      But I seriously doubt Russia will risk her own lives and security in defense of Assad.     My take is that this confirms the Presidents reactionary nature.    Not altogether a bad thing to show the world.     A black friend of mine 40 years ago said survival in his New York neighborhood required one of two choices.  1) You walk the street angry  and intimidating  2) You have a 'crazy' act that confuses people and makes them believe you are capable of most anything.  That's just stratgic planning for living in a violent neighborhood.    Looks to me like President Trump has both those survival models down pat.
When he pulled this stunt last year, I said the same thing, FIRE HIM NOW!  If any of these millionaire players think their race isn't being treated fairly, find a better country!  America has done more for the black race than any other country, and certainly including their homeland, AFRICA.   I watch very little NFL, and won't watch any of it should this anti-American behavior persists.  Fire Marshall now, and all the rest of them  My point, if you showed up for work, nude and smoking a cigar, because it's your 'right' to protest, how long would you be employed there?  Fire them now.
Old way, let's see stealing black land thru legal chicanery/terrorism (claim taxes owed, with no way to prove otherwise to a white supremacy system turned black farmers into sharecroppers; predatory lending, redlining. Let's ignore the long institutional history of affirmative action/racial preferences for whites.  Indian Removal Act forcibly relocated Cherokee, etc to make room for white settlers.  Homestead Act 270M acres of Indian land converted to private overwhelmingly white hands.  Naturalization Act by which only whites could become naturalized citizens, effectively shutting out others– no vote, hold office or property. Alien Land Laws reserved farm land for white growers by preventing Asian immigrants from becoming citizens. Post emancipation $300 per slave to owners for ‘lost property’; slaves got nothing, certainly no 40 acres and a mule. Jim Crow laws which ensured best jobs, neighborhoods, schools and hospitals for whites only- yeah those were the times murica was great.
The last 8 years incomes have been stagnant, or worse for Blacks, while the rich have done extremely well. Wall street supported Obama big time. The economy grew at the worst rate of any modern President. And you believe Trump is going to make things worse!! History will judge the growth rates, etc. of both administrations. Time will tell.
Typical Christian post, only use the laws that allow you to fit a narrow world view. Only the laws you all need to prove your world views are the only ones in the book you use.  In your first post you discount gender id then go on to lecture about how I am talking about Mosaic laws ect. Well those same laws are the ones being used to discriminate. You expect us to follow ancient BS when you reject modern science?  Sorry if your "morals" that you learned out of a book written 3000 years ago by goat herders are not up to snuff with the modern day.  You apply your morals through the eyes of your god. I apply my moral lens tempered by society to all things. I do not have a black and white relationship with the world and you would do well to drop yours. The world is changing and you can either be on board, or you can dive back into a 3000 year old book to try and find answers to current problems.   Jesus said to love everyone. Why is that so hard?
Wow..is your view of history skewed.  The nazis were so left wing, they even borrowed ideas from the early 20th century progressives!  The left has ALWAYS wanted a White utopian society with themselves in charge. And the Republican Party wasn't anti-slavery, it wanted to maintain the status quo...those states that were slave states were to remain so.  Even the ones in the North!  You probably think Lincoln's war was to free the slaves, and that the emancipation proclamation actually DID so.  LOL.  I'm sorry, but WHERE are the majority of poor blacks located?  What's that you say?  In liberal left wing controlled ghettos?  That's right.  And who is it that's victimizing those black and white poor people to maintain their voting blocs?  Yep, the liberals in charge.  And even lbj, when signing the the Republican & Kennedy's civil rights law, said, laughingly, "this will have those n#$$%&s voting democrat for 200 years!"  You need to own your history.
Completely civil and peaceful you say?  Wow, if that isn't a steaming pile!  You must not be in Charlottesville or have access to TV.    I watched much of the demonstrations and commentary on TV the last three nights, and I have a much different take.  While the last two nights were peaceful, the first definitely was not. Broken store windows, looting, starting fires, attacking motorists in their cars, blocking an interstate, and the most sickening to me, 5-6 young black dudes beating and stomping a young white guy in a parking garage.  Maybe the 40+ arrests the first night removed the worst offenders and that helped calm things.
The movement should be titled "Black Fathers Matter!"  If Barack Hussein Obama was serious about solving the problem, he'd address the issues that are pointed out in this video.  Watch it and judge for yourself.  It's a real eye opener........  https://www.prageru.com/courses/political-science/black-fathers-matter#.V17jISck_RU.mailto
What next 85% of the centers in the NBA and running backs in the NFL are black?
There is a difference between citizens killing citizens and our governmentt killing citizens. Conservative Americans used to at least pretend that government overreach was bad.  Your argument is akin to black Americans have ASKED for assasination by cop.   When you see thousands of American troops return from Iraq and Afghanistan in coffins, do you provide a bunch of stats about how the USA is the most meddlesome violent overreaching neo-colonial army in the world, occupies nations and kills an outsized number of people around the world with tanks, planes, drones, etc. and imply then that therefore the murdered troops deserve their fate?  At least you're addressing the topic at hand-- the government killing our fellow citizens with impunity, including Timothy Loehman assassinating 12 year old Tamir Rice on sight for playing with a toy gun. Loehman, it should be mentioned, was fired from his previous police department for being too emotional and unstable when in possession of a firearm
No one says that more blacks should be stopped for routine traffic offenses than whites, but it undeniably happens. What should happen and what does happen are not always the same thing.  Besides, I never said anything about pulling anybody over. I did say something about targeting gatherings of Hispanic persons, and that is exactly the way this is likely to shake out.  Finally, kindly refrain from lumping me in with "the left." I'm an individual, not an ideology. I don't lump you or any other poster in with any particular group and I expect the same courtesy.
You 'll notice that more and more black footballers, basketballers and baseball players will kneel in PROTEST against the treatment of African Americans and other minorities in Amerika.  They only stand now because of FEAR of dismissal or worse ... like death threats and violence against their persons.
Neil Black is strangely absent.
Very interesting link.   I remember my mom talking about slavery when we were in Houston.   She had never lived in the south at all.   She told me that she was told 'the blacks were better off as slaves because they couldn't care for themselves' was the common feeling in 1955 Houston, Texas.     So your link is absolutely right, an almost verbatim excuse still heard in the mid 20th century.  For that matter blacks being seen as an inferior race was not that uncommon in the north either at that time.   Whips and chains were removed but there was still more subtle discrimination that black Americans continue to face.    Dying can still be a consequence of color.
Seen this on my way to work driving down hwy126. Thought car was a bronze 2003 dodge Sebring. Driver was 30ish heavy set balding w/cropped beard black man. Probably 5'8"-5'10" by how he sat in car.
I have no problem if the statues to the Confederacy are removed. Many black Americans have been asking for it for years. But it should be done democratically, by plebiscite, referendum, or voter initiative,  not this late night mob vandalism of public property.
Breaking the law knows no skin colour.  If you do the crime you do the time.  Doesn't matter if you are white, black or other.  Not punishing this woman fairly and equally is racist.
Yeah, here's an "inequity" sample... With an average I.Q. of  85, only 16 % of Blacks score over 100, while half the White population does. The Negro overlap of White median I.Q.’s ranges from 10 to 25 percent—equality would require 50 percent.
This advice leads to isolationism-the forerunner of what led to the Great Depression and ultimately World War II. It is also advice for white men of wealth such as yourself who do not depend on the daily survival of a society that is compassionate and sees all of us as "us." We must all stay vigilant, aware and active. More so than ever. Your ability to medicalize contemporary politics as the doldrums requiring an "rx" fix-taking long walks and planting seeds is insulting to many people who work with their hands and are fighting for a working wage to pull their families out of dire poverty, of black lesbians who depend on their healthcare to start and maintain their families, and to immigrants whose children were born in the US but they themselves may or may not get deported tomorrow. Your call for retraction is an irresponsible one. It is an old American tradition to retreat to Walden's Pond instead of relying on civil disobedience to secure the rights of us.
The white vote in 2016 was more evenly split than was the African-American, Asian-American or Latino vote.
This and other writers make things so complicated. Let me make things real and simple.  For much of the last few centuries European empires led by the British and French empires, and in the 20th century by the American empire, ran and plundered the world. Things were most splendid. The wars sweet, the wealth sweeter. Today the British and French empires are finished, the American on the way out. This exposes a couple of unpleasant things - money is tight, unemployment high, infrastructure in poor shape. But most of all, a cultural mess due to mixing of the elites who used to run the empires and their import of people from all over their conquest.   France and UK both have high immigrants from former colonies - North Africa, India, Middle East, etc. The U.S. have a huge population of former black slaves, leftover Mexicans, descendent's of Chinese cheap labor who built the railroad. The white Christian elites, the rulers are now finally facing blowbacks from their empires on all fronts.
Black Lives Matter?  Lives matter.  The person that died here is white.   And you are stating generalities that reflect your own live and thinking, not the that of the constituents of Black Lives Matter  Another way of saying it, you do lack the omniscience of God.
I start with the ideal that all children who are conceived should have the blessing of being born to a married mom and dad.  Anything beyond that ideal falls into the "safety net" category; that is, we should not normalize children being born out of wedlock and creating an entitlement for the mom and child, since that only promotes more of the same.  A woman getting pregnant out of wedlock was once considered a terrible situation; today, political correctness and cultural propaganda force us to accept it as something to be embraced.  Baloney.  Orphanages and adoption are the way to deal with unwanted children; not killing them as fetuses and not taxpayer funding to moms who don't want them or can't afford them.  Over 70% of children in Blacks (and nearly 50% of all kids in the US) are born out of wedlock; dare I guess how many of those receive public assistance?  Sex.  Produces. Children.  Act accordingly.
Sure I can, the KKK, the democrat party, the early 20th century progressives (you know, the ones even Hitler borrowed ideas from) the Nazi party,etc., but you just wanted ONE example!  Well, about 66% of all violent crime is committed by blacks, so you'd think, if the repubs are so racist, they'd be doing something about THAT (but it's the left that has had, and keeps THAT "voting bloc" in their inner city ghettos).  If you read USC 1182,Title 8,Chapter 12 it states "...any aliens or of any class of aliens" Since that's the LAW, (you should read it) the same one that's been used by presidents of BOTH parties, and it targets anyone or group, "..detrimental to the interests of the.." U.S.  Has nothing to do with "race" (moslem isn't a race, it's a cult that wants to destroy us). IT has to do with whole countries that are like liberal crapholes and have NO meaningful records systems to verify those who want to come here are who they say they are! (Using the list that Osama created!)
Blacks have fought in every US war.  Africans were at Dunkirk. West and North Africans who were key to delaying the German attack. There were also four companies of the Royal Indian Army Service Corps.
Oh that's the already tired and fatuous party line from the DNC.  But far more blacks and Hispanics voted for Trump than voted for either McCain "8 years" ago, or Romney 4 years ago, so that sinks the argument hard.   Obama is actually a half white president.   We really do need to educate a whole generation of voters on some basic facts; otherwise they just vibrate around in between paid protesting gigs.
Did the anti-war movement wear out Nixon? Ford? I'm suspicious of the idea that the North Vietnamese could have been bombed  "into submission" given that about 1,000,000 people died under American bombs without inspiring any "submission". This also happened in North Korea; massive body count from massive bombing but no submission.  The reason our military adventurism hasn't ended is that the elites learned the lesson of Vietnam: no massive deployment+no draft+low body count( ours)= no anti-war movement, no matter how many people American arms kill.   Your history of the black resistance leaves out Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam. It also neglects how civil rights were NOT automatically granted after 1964--and they still aren't. Plus King and non-violence crystallized in that crazy revolutionary milieu in the 60's, when black intellectuals and activists saw themselves as part of a worldwide anti-colonial, anti-capitalist, Marxist-Maoist revolution.
"Why would any woman, black or LGBT vote for a Democrat?" Because they want to.  Rethuglican's don't give a rip about them. They haven't for decades and they're not about to start now. You know 4:20, this is what extreme Christians want - "...treat women like dogs, believe homosexuality is punishable by death, and that all “infidels” must convert..." So what do you get when you cross a Christian radical with a Muslim extremist? A radical extremist.
Gee, not a mention of the other three phone calls. Could that be because they were white? Black soldier killed and when white president calls to express condolences some 13 days after his death a black flamboyant female activist congresswoman just happens to be listening in on the phone call. To me this is beyond being a sleazy politician. It doesn't matter what Trump said, the result would be the same. She is using this young man's sacrifice for her own political gain and that of The Democratic Party. Anyone who does not immediately condemn her is not welcome in my home or life.
Is it the players protesting, or just blacks?  Anyway, someone who feels protest is the only option to address their concerns end up boxing themselves in instead of finding real solutions. I'm offering an alternative, and know what, my opinion matters no less than a football player or anyone else.
I"d say that fact that you have to mention 'black people' and 'smarts; and 'lazy people' and 'food stamps' and 'welfare' says it all.
I am not a complete bigot against Christians and Christianity. I know plenty that I consider fine people. However, there many I hold in contempt due to their self righteous belief in a book of fairy tales written by primitive tribes(Prove that wrong, I dare you) allows them to treat anyone as less than an equal. A business owner does not have to approve of any of his customers, whether, black, Jewish, homo sexual, Raiders fans, punk rockers, Republicans/Democrats, etc. they merely have to treat all of them equally, and it doesn't matter what their religious beliefs are. You consistently refer to religious beliefs being inalienable rights, which are fine, until they infringe on rights of others. Before the 1st amendment, on July 4, 1776, our founders stated "all men are created equal", and our country strives to hold that right above all, including religious beliefs, and has enacted amendments and constitutionally tested legislation to ensure that.
You may have lost to Trump; but you sure have no clue how it happened.  Here's a tip for all the regressive "progressives" out there...your agenda is not priority for most people.  Children's rights, reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights, disability rights, black lives, indigenous lives,  immigrants, workers and a more inclusive society are not most people's priorities. Not. Even. Close.   That doesn't mean people are against those causes. Personally, I support all of them. However, none of them influence my vote one iota.   Lefties like to talk about entitlement when it comes to older, white men yet are oblivious to the sanctimonious drivel they constantly spew. You don't know better. Your opinion is not right. Everyone else is not wrong.   That sanctimonious attitude is why Trump won. That and the fact your "progressive" candidate was also a proven liar with a lot of negative characteristics. Lefties never see that though. They are too busy being deluded by their own moral superiority.
It was true in Indonesia for many years.  We should have learned from there example.  Unfortunately after W Bush took a country in the Black to war with the muslims, it is less true there or any other place.  It was he who called the war against Iraq the new Crusade.  It really was a war to help the oil companies, nothing else.  Any way W took this war off budget pretending it did not belong there and Obama put it back into the Budget.  When Democrats such as Clinton, balance the budget largely on the backs of the poor, the Republicans seem to want to go back to war.   Sr. Bush went to war!  Reagan administration financed the horrible wars against the native Americans in Central America.   However Democrats like Johnson muddied the waters with his war in VN.  All these wars were started with lies to the American People.  The lies were geared to make us fearful.  Now Trump want 10x the number of nuclear weapons.  So ya, lets just balance the budget....
No, I am not  like a good number of the Native men I've met out in the villages.....Are you one of those unemployable men who stay drunk and impregnate their 14 year old cousin and beat her when the booze runs out? I am a Black man that was hired by Native Corporations because they didn't have any members that could do the job.
As a student of the ante bellum period as well as the Civil War itself I humbly disagree with your statement.  Some slaves were treated well.  Some.  Housing conditions were atrocious.  Roofs leaked, walls were not insulated and the cold winds swept through.  Most dwellings had too many residents.  Some interesting resource material can be found at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville as well as the Mt. Vernon Historical Association.  You can direct yourself to a wide breath of material on the internet of former slaves reliving their experiences.  You can also find a number of accounts from children and grandchildren of slaves.  I've never disputed the issue of multicultural hangings.  That wasn't the issue.  The poster naively asked me to cite one case.  Frankly, if this forum format would allow me to do so, I would cite numerous instances.  Bottom line, one has to be in denial to say blacks were not hung for running away.
Your desire is president Trump's command:  "Trump signs order supporting historically black colleges" http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/feb/28/donald-trump-sign-order-supporting-historically-bl/
Thank you, so much, Sr. Rose. The enigma of faith is the enigma of life, not something locked-down in black and white answers.
The fact of the matter is, whether it was taken out of context or not, Southern food and fried chicken has nothing to do with anything currently in Black culture. Just the fact that she (admits) brought this up at one point, directs us to her obvious racism and uninformed ideas about health and healthcare.
Republicans consistently try to identify the Democratic Party with powerful women. They’ve continued to use ads targeting Nancy Pelosi in congressional elections. Now they’re trying to go after Elizabeth Warren as the “face" of the Democratic Party (Bernie Sanders is probably the face of the Party right now, but they prefer Warren for the obvious reason). Their general loathsomeness goes into overdrive when a black woman comes to the fore.  Susan Rice has been a particular target from the moment she rose to prominence in the Obama administration, second perhaps only to Michelle Obama in being the target of their hatred. That there is really nothing to this story certainly won’t stop the Republicans from continuing to hammer away at her for the foreseeable future.  The “lock her up" crowd has already started their chanting.
God help our country.  He has demonized Blacks.  He has demonized Hispanics.  He has demonized Muslims.  He has reduced women to "this year's model" and toys of the wealthy white male.  His expressed beliefs have shifted with the sand.  God help us.
Pot calling the kettle black. lol
Carl, just looked up DOJ statistics, and it shows whites committing 13.7% while blacks commit 62.7% of the violent crimes in the US. That is about the same representation of prisoners in US prisons as well.
I can only think that Mr. Schill is caught in the vortex of a tempest in a very expensive teapot - that is, as the head cheerleader for team UO and also chief fundraiser, he has to be careful not to step on the wrong toes. I imagine some donors are screaming bloody murder over the social gaffe of Doctor Schurtz, whose blackface apparently was intended only to honor the author of a recollection "Black Man in a White Coat".  Certainly, this costume was in no way insulting to African-Americans; in fact, it honored an individual.  Mr Schill must stand up for truth and justice, else he is weak and injust. Mr. Schill must protect his innocent professor from outside attack, cite freedom of speech, and note there was no ill intent in the masquerade of Professor Schurtz.  Nothing else will suffice. Mr. Schill must stand up for his scholars, and for freedom of expression, and for justice, which exonerates the blameless Doctor Schurtz. There is no other choice.
I am disappointed in the quality of comments here. A young white man called out a racial slur at a black man, then pursued the man he'd insulted, and confronted him with a gun. This is a horrible thing. I am glad that the gentleman who was insulted, pursued, and had a gun pulled on him was able to escape and call authorities, and that the authorities took away the armed aggressor - NOT ALWAYS THE WAY IT HAPPENS. It is horrifying that this happened in our community. And BTW calling someone white trash (which I am not doing) is not racism. If you think it is, then you need to educate yourself about racism and what it is. Racism is a system in which a dominant race benefits off the oppression of others — whether they want to or not. That benefit is "white privilege," and if you are white, you have it, whether you think you do or not. Prejudice is a preconceived opinion that may (or may not) have a rational basis. Words matter.
Not exactly. By calling for equal treatment for black Americans, he is implicitly calling for an end to housing them in places that expose black children to lead. A leading hypothesis for the dramatic reductions in violent crime since the '80s in America is the huge progress made in reducing lead exposure. Lead exposure in childhood is known to have huge impacts in cognition and in tendencies towards violence.
Now here's the outrageous "double standard" that America allows!  If the roles were turned and a white said that about a black, I could only imagine that a multi-million dollar settlement would be imminent.  Shame on the UH President to cower away from this racist comments!!!
You learned your propaganda well Sukiyakii, but keeping blacks in line was behind the second amendment.  Suggest you read the following and learn something:  http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/13890-the-second-amendment-was-ratified-to-preserve-slavery
The writer asks if "Black and Brown" have been "silenced" in our churches.  Many of the priests in my diocese are Latino or from Africa.     As for parishioners being "silenced," I have no idea what that means, given that I'm not aware of any laity of any color who is given a soapbox at Catholic churches.  Here's an idea, writer:  Go interview non-Catholic minorities and ask them to tell you why they aren't Catholic.   An effort toward genuine journalism, iow.
Obama widened the racial divide just by being elected.  If he commented on anything involving the black community, you guys would scream that he was dividing us.  Yes, he got involved in things he shouldn't have, such as the whole Harvard professor incident, but ultimately he divided us, not by his actions or his words, but by the reactions of those on the right to an eloquent black man being elected President.
Of all the nerve, a black president elected twice, and turning our economy around, stopping the downward spiral caused by the Bush administration. Of course, the racists, who listen only to right-wing propaganda -- birthers, etc. -- turned against Obama and all Democrats based on fiction, not truth. SAD!
South Korea is another example of a once dependent country that is now economically independent.   We have to face the truth that Asians are more resourceful than Africans. But let that not cause us to lose sympathy for Africans.
"...Just like you know that the president and his supporters are Nazi sympathizers. It was my full intent to point out your unfounded assumption. "  Except I backed up my position with factual statements (remember, Trump refusing to rent to blacks was one of my factual statements). You haven't proven my factual statements wrong, you can't, therefore you lose the debate. Better luck next time, ely.
This article does not mention his race, but the nbc news article described him as a 6 foot tall black male. Sadly, it also describes him as a homeless runaway 17 year old. One young woman with so much promise, and one young man with nothing. Heartbreaking.
What annoys me is the way these politically correct terms have gone full circle.  Until the 60s, "Negro" was the proper polite term, "coloured" was not. Then Negro became wrong, replaced by Black (Black is beautiful!). The Black became wrong, to be replaced by African-American. Now we are told "people of colour" is the approved term, which for some reason is totally different from the racist "coloured people".... That's when I gave up. Enough is enough!
Was this before or after he let a secessionist army into Pennsylvania and enslaved free black americans that he captured?
The statues were a victory lap for the resubjegation of black citizens under Jim Crow, as directed by Woodrow Wilson.  Lynchings went to their highest level and the Klan was at its peak of activity.  That is what the statues celebrate and only that.  Some may be deluded into the line that it is southern history, but those people are ignorant, even if "good." To knowingly support the politics of this era is to incur the excommunication given to segregationists.  Go to confession.
Like I said little man, I was born into the military!!  Army Airborne Cbt Eng, 68-70 + 4 more brothers Army, Air Force + one of them continuing into law enforcement for 15+ years and then into the Air Marshall's after 9/11, remember?  You and yours have nothing on us about suiting up and strapping on!  Again a little history, the KKK, along with Jim Crow was all Dems, the party of slavery!!  The difference is little man I oppose "all" supremacist and I have respect for all citizens that behave rationally, carrying their own weight, support those they bring into the world and don't blame everyone else for their failures because they lack personal responsibility and accountability. Don't force different life styles down my throat, shut up and man up. I do not support late terms abortions, that's a human being, treated like spare parts.  Sit through one if you can stomach it!  I don't believe in a hyphenated American; African American, white-American, Muslim-American all BS! American 1st
Who care about the motives of David Duke. The question is why did he not win the election. Hint, had nothing to do with democrats. While were in the Q & A, lets ask, why were the slaves freed, who drove the civil rights bill to completion. Same hint!   NOW! Who pushed Jim Crow laws, who blocked the civil rights bill for a decade. Who supported segregation, who required black to drink from separate fountains? Hint. Not Republicans!
Some of my best friends are black, but when it comes to swimming, ....
A question for those attacking BLM (without, it seems, having the barest understanding of the group):  If TPS were still raiding bathhouses, would you expect Pride to welcome their participation with open arms? Because that's kind of where TPS currently stands with regards to Toronto's Black and other minority communities.
Speaking of infantile, your knowledge of sociology and history is lacking but fortunately, the university offers a community education program and many lectures can be accessed by the public. Also, the UO library is open to the general public so there's nothing stopping you from acquiring a more intelligent and fact-based understanding of American history. African-Americans comprise 12.2% of the population so you're going to see more whites at the Mission but I'm sure there are people from all the major ethnic backgrounds who avail themselves of the Mission's services, your sophomoric analysis notwithstanding.
Not standing is disrespectful . This is why they do it . You are a spineless person if you say otherwise . But what can we expect from a third rate newspaper columnist like you. Trump won and guess what Trudeau won't get a second term,  people are tired of the ooliticallly correct hyperbole . Yes it time to admit the facts . Facts like more white men were killed by police than black men last year and every year .   More white men were killed by black officers than blacks killed by whites .   There is no racism. It is a false narrative being pushed by liberal elite and theirs supporting cast of sloped foreheads .  When the time comes me and my friends (black ,Asian, native , and Europeans ) we will all be beating  libtards together . See we're all rednecks even my buddy in a turban is a red neck. Time to destroy the left once and for all
The sad thing is, you actually think that was a clever reply. It's amazing how often you resort to using black people as a club to fuel your attacks on others. And condescending.
What you ignore is the rest of the NYT piece about the use of non-lethal force, heavily weighted against blacks. Further, the source you cite looked at one city, Houston. That is not quite a complete sampling, eh?   The 538 piece actually argues against you position.  As for biased links, policeone is certain to be very objective, amirite?
These people should be dropping to both knees in Chicago where this weekend 40 black men where shot bringing the total homicides of mostly blacks to over 475 people.  Yes you establishment freaks are so angry that President Trump was elected instead of you sweetheart puppet hilly that you will do anything to make things difficult for him to succeed.
You cannot appeal wholly to chauvinistic, Murican troglodytes without repercussions. The UFC was always uncomfortable with a French-Canadian champion and a black man from Curitiba as its two greatest stars, largely because Muricans are uncomfortable with such people. Non-Murican fighters and fans are viewed with deep suspicion by White's Army and, rather than harvesting non-Murican talent, and non-Murican fans, the UFC determinedly tried to cut them out. Instead of focusing on the global market, White and his ilk marketed, booked and operated as if only one national market mattered. Problem is, Murican bigots only have so much money - and the attention span of gnats.   Bye bye, UFC.
I'm a moderate and don't get caught up in either sides politics, I think they both suck.  But to say that there isn't a fringe element to both sides that are pushing extreme views and agendas is a complete lie and playing victim.  The right has its fanatics to include the supremacists, the anti abortion and even the hard core religions.  The left has Occupy, Black Lives Matters and the homosexual driven groups.  I have seen and viewed black lives matters participate in equally demonstrative and objectionable tactics to include spewing derogatory remarks towards white people, spitting on cops and call them insults and even killing cops.  They have to take responsibility for those actions as the right does for its.  I'm not a big fan of Trump at all but what he says makes sense to me.  These two forces will keep colliding because neither one wants to back off its agenda, the cops will be the ones to take the brunt of it, they have to continue to mediate this nonsense.
You mean like a compromise during the civil rights era when some people thought that maybe we should "compromise" about letting blacks and whites sit together at the same restaurant counter, drink at the same water fountain, or sit with everyone else at the front of the bus rather than back? That kind of compromise?
Until we are able to have a real conversation on one of the core issues causing this problem this will only be lip service.  The failure of the African American family unit is a major contributor to this issue. The lack of a father figure and the reliance on the gang culture for that male role model is one of the major reasons for this violence. One of the major reasons for the lack of a stable home environment is the dependence and incentive of the welfare state. Women are being taught that they not only do not need to have a father involved for financial reasons, there is an incentive for those who do not have a father supporting their child. (Yes I know there are white women participating in this, but the statistics for the African American community are staggering)  When we are prepared to have that conversation to address some of the major contributors we might be able to help here, but as has been posted in other responses. The BLM movement really could care less about the deaths
You are right about some people Charles.  You are very wrong about the degree of intent of most people when it comes to racial bias.  If I was you, (and I Can't know what it means to be black in Eugene),  I would use facts and personal experience to demonstrate how bias leads to discrimination.    People need to 'see' the mechanism of how bias, often very unconscious, can lead to discriminatory action.    Sometimes it feels that your many years of working to change discrimination has soured your hope that things will ever change enough to meet the hopes of a young Charles Dalton.   You've dropped back to bitterness and frustration and abandoned all hope in developing empathy in people of all races.   Of course I could be completely wrong, I can't read hearts.   I agree with so much of what you write and feel your sense of justice loud and clear.     I mean you no harm and would like to help, not hurt, the dream of equal opportunity for all races.
Dear Athanasius : Twenty -five percent of the Afro-American U.S. population is Catholic. We are not rarer than hen's teeth, although we appear to be non-existent in Catholic publications.
President Trump is a New Yorker, who was speaking to Police Officers in New York who knew exactly what he was saying and meant. He was not calling for violence, just expressing his true support for them, unlike what they've experienced the previous eight years.  Trump's message was simple, he supports them and don't expect him to be holding "Beer summits" at the White House and allowing false narratives like "Hands up Don't Shoot" to take root and undermine the police while jeopardizing their safety.  He certainly won't be inviting or emboldening "Black Lives Matter", a group which has called for the killing of police to the White House like Barack Hussein Obama did on multiple occasions.
I've read dozens of Mr. Bowers' letters over the years.  He's as far (or perhaps further) to the Right as I am to the Left.  His letter is, of course, satire.....an "overstatement" of concern for the removal of statues which celebrate the "old South" of slavery and JimCrow Era life.    No one, including Mr. Bowers, has, to my knowledge, made the argument that the statues being addressed were NOT erected to celebrate the "old South" of slavery and JimCrow Era institutionalized racism.  Instead they evoke the "slippery slope" argument with letters such as Mr. Bowers'.    We need to remember and understand slavery.  We need to remember and understand the post-Reconstruction JimCrow Era in the South and the growth of institutionalized racism which characterized the treatment of Blacks in our country (most extreme in the South, but not limited to the region).  We need to remember and understand the struggle for racial equality. A struggle whiich is far from "won."(cont)
Replace "white" with "black" and listen to the ensuing howls of outrage.    If one subscribes to "white privilege", would it not stand to reason that the "white" teacher should in fact quit the teaching profession in favour of someone who is not privileged?  I'm glad progressives are so hung up on putting people into different boxes/categories based on race, religion, orientation etc.  It would be awfully boring if progressives simply considered the content of their character and not merely the colour of their skin.  Truly, Martin Luther King was way ahead of his time and ours for that matter.  Let's see if this comment passes the test....
"if a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.” --- Where were those 300 when the PDSB faith advisor hosted an imam calling for slaying of the Jews?
Lana Ah Lan.  Kinda yes and no. Lewis, King, Hosia Williams and many others, Black, White, Yellow, Brown, Native Americans fought for civil rights in many different ways. Lewis was part of the Ghandi civil disobedience front. Your right to due process, in this instance, would involve Speaker Ryan slapping the hands or butts of the Congressional sitters which I doubt he'll do.   Yes, the American government can be considered a terrorist group for the massacres at Sacramento River, Wounded Knee, in Colorado as Pat Blair pointed out.  Prior to American Independence, the Spanish and British slaughtered many more First Americans. Guns don't just kill Gays.
...and Reagan flooded the US with cocaine to focus more laws and violence against blacks and others they didn't like, then gear up for huge profits from the new exploding prison system. such destructive systemic nastiness makes heroin seem like a really good thing!
First let me say thank you for your service. Military service is a noble sacrifice and the free world has many enemies abroad.  Glad u dont think less of people of other races but Trump clealy does. Heres a few clear examples: (1) He thinks Judge Curiel - born in Indiana - is incapable of objectivity because his parents were born in Mexico (2) Trump said a black casino employee was lazy cuz "laziness is a trait in blacks" (3) when 2 men in Boston were arrested for urinating in a Latino mans face and beating him with a pole they said “Trump was right-all these illegals need to be deported,” and instead of condemning their assault Trump praised them as "passionate" supporters and (4) he said he would "legally obligate" all muslims to register with a nat'l database that tracks them.  As far as vets, Trump doesnt like McCain cuz he was captured and he thinks the military is weak.  He also said he wont let any Muslims own guns, a pretty clear 2nd Amendment infringement.
No one cares about it anymore?  That's about right.  Felonious breeches of national security and violations of the Espionage Act, and "nobody even cares about it anymore."  Not in liberal circles, anyway.  They view it as, "Whew.  Dodged that bullet."  Now that's a just response.  It's one of the reasons the left lost.  People are fed up with that.  As for the affirmative action a black man might have:  If he were to apply for work at a company that has an affirmative action policy, he would have the benefit of that.
Actually, pete, kneeling doesn't disrespect our flag or the Anthem.  If the pro-Anthem people had been on their game when this whole thing started, they would have taken a cue from the Democrats and offered up their own narrative.  It might have gone something like this- "Wow!  Isn't it great to see Colin K. kneeling in honor to our National Anthem.  Kneeling in honor to such an entity had ended with the Age of Chivalry. I guess chivalry is not dead after all."  or something like that.  Change the focus of the kneeling instead of getting enraged.  But since players kneeling has enraged some, that rage has taken the focus off of injustice.  So let me speak to that  A false report of Micheal Brown started "hands up, don't shoot" which lead to Colin K. kneeling The police need to be trained in the Constitution & courtesy but there is a larger reality behind policing crime and race that remains a taboo topic black on black crime  talking about it would help.
SJW is the new cottage term for people who wish to claim victim hood as a deflection of criticism after they've expressed some point that many would find disagreeable.  See also:  "politically correct".  Assume every black person that gets shot by police must've done something to deserve it?  You're not racist, it's those SJWs trying to silence "the truth".  Don't think any female comics are funny?  You're not sexist, it's political correctness's fault.  Accuse every rape victim of lying or leading their assailant on?  Why won't those SJWs stop violating your free speech??  It's a lazy term almost exclusively used by people wanting to express some form of prejudice under the guise of "free speech" while not acknowledging that free speech means others are free to criticize you.  Harshly.
You miss the point Gerald. It is not about guilt or patronizing it is about the significance of their role in not only building the ALCAN but because of their work, President Truman integrated the armed forces in 1948. You must be aware that the blacks served in segregated units and that it was an Act of Congress that finally got those three units up here so the road could be completed.  They played an important part in Alaskan history not just American history. It is of significance because young people need to learn the history of our country, warts and all. The history I learned in school back in the '50's and '60's totally ignored the contribution various groups of people made during the war despite those vary people not having the right to vote or being segregated while serving.  My knowledge of history came from my father's stories. He was born and raised on a reservation in N.M. and fought and served in the Aleutians. He told us about his school mates, Japanese Americans too
It does need asking though. When are the blatant racists who continually offer up such nonsense as "deconstructing whiteness" going to be held to account for their racist activities? I wonder how the young black man felt as he was interrupted from giving his speech on a microphone by Yusra Khogali hurling racial slurs at him and all caught on camera? Yes, lets fight racism and the University of Toronto most certainly has a racism problem when they refuse to follow their own policies on racism all based on the color of the offenders skin.
Mr zenger, there is no evidence that suggest the Confederate flag represents "white supremacy and protection of slavery " any more than the United States flag.  In reality blacks made more progress in a shorter time period under the Confederate battle flag than the u.s. flag.  Please do more research before speaking.  Even at school the students retain their first amendment rights according to the u.s. courts.
The Electoral College was designed to support race based slavery and white supremacy by compensating states with more black slaves than white men to be equal to states that had more free white men than black slaves. It is still serving its function to support white supremacy. If we believe in equality for all, it has to go. One person one vote should be the law of the land. Anything less shows we don't want equality for all citizens. Sadly, that should not be news to anyone. We have never had equality under the law for all citizens.
That reflects a problem in America-LAZY Democracy-I won't vote because ___________(fill in your excuse here)!  If you read the article, you see that many black voters failed to come out for Mrs. Clinton (as compared to Obama), who says that Obama voters would vote for her in the first place? The main thing they had in common was they were both Dems. This is the idea that all voters in a group vote the same (not necessarily true). Women were supposed to be in lock step behind her-did not really turn out to be true, many blacks and hispanics voted for Trump as well, funny how that happens. In regards to Trump receiving the same number of votes as Romney, you should check out the Red/Blue maps of the areas of this country showing the vote results, he appealed to a far wider cross section of the country than Romney did-most obvisously in MIch, Wisc., and Penn.
I believe Lee is to be admired for his effort to unite the country after he lost. Also, his statements against displays that kept wounds from healing. And I'm fine with museums, history books, etc. And I'm always glad to hear of people such as you, who believe blacks should have equal opportunities as fellow citizens.  I wasn't born a person of color, I'm not Jewish, I'm not Muslim, and I'm heterosexual --none of this by choice; it's just the way it is. In short, I don't face their challenges.   With this understanding, and also after spending time with coworkers and friends who do face discrimination, it hurts me to see their hurt when they share some of their experiences. And some of it is darn ugly for no other reason than people judging them based not in fact, but on bigotry.
What do black on black male murder rates have to do with While male violence?  Could it be you just could not pass up the opportunity to broadcast that statistic?
Gov owned airlines are good to carry contraband. Weapons in the case of the white Nats , cash (to Dubai) in the case of the Black Nats. It's also good to ferry wedding guests from A to B. Come on guys, we need SAA
ES,  Of this entire thread, these four words are the only thing of any importance:  " seeking possibly painful solutions".  The question is what can be done to decrease black on black violence?  We all know it occurs; denying it, distracting from it, or using it as a reason to ignore it does nothing to decrease it.  The follow on question is what causes this violence?  Looking for a good book to read on the black experience in Oregon (which I found, "Perseverance: A History of African Americans in Oregon's Marion and Polk Counties") I ran across this book, "The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness" which seems to dovetail with Outsider 77's many posts on the judicial system and policing.  I have read a few reviews of it and it seems like a good place to start to look for solutions, it is now on my reading list.  I would add that ending the War on Drugs is a basic tenant of the Libertarian Part and its end may mitigate many complex issues we face.
And who do you think has natural immunity to the SARS or swine flu strain? The Asians or the North Americans?  Let's not forget, the natives in the Americas were wiped out by diseases the Europeans brought here. the Europeans were immune, because they had lived through the Black Plague and other infectious diseases. London and Paris were some of the filthiest cities 400 years ago. That is why they had no immigrants till a 100 years ago.
This is really just getting started! The NAACP effectively is joining with black players to protest against the United States. The public joins against the League, driving attendance to new lows. This continues to spread. Sports bars are now losing business! And neighbors will boycott bars, not willing to be seen as Anti - American. This begins to spiral out of control!
Actually, as a black man, I find the Confederate flag more insulting than the swastika!  It was a symbol of white superiority -- period.  Look at any rally involving white supremacists; they have the confederate flag.
“Only 2 percent of our students are black or African-American; among the members of our tenure-track faculty, the proportion is only 1.6 percent. Neither statistic is acceptable,” Schill wrote.  I completely agree with most of President Schill's address of how despicable the KKK was/is and really don't mind the removal of Dunn's name from the building. But why do we need to have a certain percentage of any race attending the university? I think the fact that we have students from all 50 states and more than 100 countries around the world speaks volumes about the diversity at Duck U. It isn't racism keeping black students from attending UO. Enough of the quotas and the hand wringing about not having enough of this or too much of that. Perhaps it is the US News college rankings that are keeping them from attending: 46th in public schools, 103rd overall
Since Richard Spencer thinks "white nationalism" means an all-white nation, he's no better than the black nationalists who want an all black nation. Nationalism is the opposite of globalism, and is at the root of our own Declaration of Independence. Race has nothing to do with it. He'll find little support here in Texas.
Thank you for this enlightening URL.  In my personal universe the "police" have always existed in their present form.  As you wrote David, police originated as a crowd control.  In the South  in Charleston, police predated Northern police to keep slaves in line thus preventing slave revolts.  Southern police also were more militarized and garrisoned than the North.  This quote from the piece entitled "The Origins of the Police" pertains:  "...Anti-Black racism was built into American police work from the very first day."
I think he was being sarcastic.  There has been plenty of assumptions by the white community that black men are 'by nature' more violent than whites are.    If you like, just gooogle "Black race is more violent" or something like that.    Ask yourself how safe you would personally feel walking into an almost all black neighborhood.   Charles is just saying that virtually all the mass murders in this country have been by white males, but you don't see any 'studies' about the predisposition of white people to use violence.   That's a stereotype black men face Every day.  They know they make the white people 'nervous', they get trailed as theives just walking in a store,  and clearly some police get nervous trigger fingers.     What's would be like for you to face an all black police force that is Scared of You and has a gun pulled?  What do you expect from a mature black man that has lived with racial prejudice his entire life.  LOL, When you get as old as us, you say what you feel.
Perhaps the opposite/similar to "Black Cheese Monopoly Capitulation"......just wondering.....
I'm not speculating. Eisenhower and Kennedy used government military forces to enforce the law by suppressing white supremacism in ,Little Rock in 1956 and in Oxford, Mississippi in 1962. White supremacist violence and repression of black folks was put down by force because that violence and repression violated the law and threatened social order.   The non-violent Civil Rights Movement of King and Abernathy and John Lewis and "We Shall Overcome" finally overcame white supremacy, in part, because military and police forces marshalled violence and threat of violence against the white supremacists.   Think about this: if black folks in say, Baltimore or Ferguson, MO or South Central LA were to rebel against the police and start wrecking the city would you argue against deploying military force and occupying those cities?  We can't keep race hate out of people's hearts, but we can make it illegal everywhere else.  And that's about the least we can do.
And finally, Alaska conservatives cry out for the death penalty. Only problem is when Alaska had the death penalty, like today's criminal justice system, only four men were lynched; two Alaska Natives, one Black, and one immigrant. White men were allowed to do whatever they wanted and got away with it. They were alpha males. You got the picture?
Worth reading is the book, "Africville: The Life and Death of a Canadian Black Community", by Donald H. Clairmont and Dennis Magill. An excellent and rigourous sociological study first published in 1974 and now in 3rd edition.   https://www.canadianscholars.ca/books/africville  Despite being an scholarly work, it is very readable.
Brownback was reelected because:  A.)  The "Negro" was not on the ticket, in a non-presidential year, which lowered the Nativist fever level and the turnout. Kris Kobach helped, disenfranchising tens of thousands of minority, student and poor voters in Koch-fueled hysteria. B.)  People knew how dangerous Sam, "The Family" man was, but his excellent opponent had been caught getting a (legal) lap dance at a strip club 17 years earlier, brought there by a partner in the firm he had just joined. Nothing illegal, of course, and now married, with teenaged girls, the Republican Governor's Association ran ads against him every 15 minutes about how he was a supposed pervert.  Thomas Frank had called it right in "What's the matter with Kansas?"  (How to get voters to vote against their obvious interests.)
Just watch disney's "tomorrowland"...same thing.  But then again, the cycle goes bad news-news update-memoralize victims. The last one, is the most devastating to society. For instance, these single african deaths gain worldwide coverage because news outlets are now focusing on police issues, keep in mind it is not just african americans who are having conflicts with officers. But when you single out one race and push national news, you're going to fuel that mob fire. As sad as it is, a single death from a police shooting is not as front page news as it has become. Instead of focusing on more crucial national/global news, we are reading articles on police shootings in BFE L48 that was never news worthy until national news found a black/white office shooting. $100,000,000 says if was asian, white or hispanic it would never reach outside of their state.
What those who kneel are doing is protesting the mistreatment of black people and minorities. It is not "disrespecting the flag." It is drawing attention to something that needs to be dealt with. I have no idea why comments are closed in some cases at the Globe. I do know that many with closed comments have to do with open court cases.
Last time I heard of this happening in Alaska it was faked... just sayin'  BTW.. is it bad form to mention the victims race now? It might help find a suspect. Right now we don't know if we're looking for a white supremacist or a Black Panther...
Your talking about specific events, not all conservatives.   Democrats are in local control of most of urban  cities and they haven't don't much good in stopping the crime, lack of jobs, decent services.     Was Flint in the hands of conservative white politicians the entire time the water supply was becoming poisoned?   If so then Democrats must have a lot of conservative white folks in Detroit.  I was thinking parents of all colors and genders can share the same love for their own family and children.   The common thread is the child's need for safety, security, acceptance and love, to be healthy.      We need to know what we share Charles, find those threads that ties us together.,  Good point on the interpretation of the second ammendment.    How long would a black man last walking through a suburban mall with his gun displayed.    How long would a white guy with a handgun last walking through East St. Louis at midnight on a Saturday night.     Thread: Both sides can hate.
"To sum up: it is quite possible that Cleopatra was pure Macedonian Greek. But it is probable that she had some Egyptian blood, although the amount is uncertain. Certainly it was no more than half, and probably less. The best evidence is that she was three-quarters Macedonian Greek and one-quarter Egyptian. There is no room for anything else, certainly not for any black African blood. Oxford University Press.    https://blog.oup.com/2010/12/cleopatra-2/
Bill, re BLM, do we object to pink ribbons against breast cancer, saying "all cancers matter?" Do we object to anti-cancer campaigning, saying "all deaths matter? Do we object to campaigns against drunk driving, saying "all traffic deaths matter?" All of those are the same logic as "all lives matter." Of course all lives matter and BLM isn't saying they don't. BLM is calling out endemic imbalance that has reasonable black people fearing police way more than reasonable white people do. Anybody who has seen cellphone videos showing bad police behavior victimizing black people should sympathize with BLM. Resist the trappings of injustice wherever they appear.
huh... They must not have looted and stole the TV and Microwave and burned the place down like the Black Lives Matters folks do.. .. These are great lessons to live by.. Better chances of getting off if you don't Burn the place down when you demonstrate your anger. You're argument is boorish..
there shouldn't be "white" interests or "black" interests but American interests.  It is an American interest to limit immigration to the needs of our nation, not the needs of the immigrant regardless of that immigrants race.
Well there are a couple things going on here. First is deflection. Trump hasn't accomplished much so, it's an easy target. Second, Trump could never buy an NFL team because he's not financially capable and, he's not capable of running a sports team. He tried to run , and failed with an USFL team and the NFL board of governors wouldn't let him near a team.  Third, Trump has thrown some red meat to his base. Again. With a disproportionate amount of black athletes in the NFL and NBA Trump forgot why Kapernick knelt in the first place. It had nothing to with the flag. Young black men were shot and killed by white police.  Trump needs to learn how to govern. He won the election and he's wasting time and energy continuing to campaign. Puerto Rico and North Korea are his current priorities.
Interesting that the DP failed to tell the entire story.  Saying black men are shot disproportionately to white men is a totally misleading statement and is intended to inflame those wo believe white people have privilege. This story is a perfect example of how the media stokes the flames of racial hatred by intentionally failing to disclose the most important fact....the percentage of black male deaths inflicted by other black males.
The irony is I've yet to come across a Black male walking around Chinatown that fits the description of 5'6" 240 pounds, as most African American males who frequent this area are either slim or muscular build, weighing from about 120 to 180 pounds as I've wrote here on SA when this story first broke over a week ago.
The difference is I don't claim to be a christian. I don't think you were following...the example about blacks/bus was to point out how bad discrimination is.  Saying the gays can buy remade cakes when the baker makes custom wedding cakes makes no sense
Not exclusively. Unarmed Black and Puerto Rican youths who get shot all too often by the police would be another class whose right to life deserves defending. Other readers can probably suggest others. Give me half an hour and I can too.
Nobody said it was ok for black soldiers to be segregated.
The dog and cat eating "myth" was common in the 80's. Over time, we tend to remember the outline of what we had "heard" but few facts. As with most of these things, there is usually a grain of truth that gets emphasized. 1982 N.Y. Times: "...there has been growing resentment among some lower-income whites, as well as blacks and Hispanics, who feel that the refugees are taking jobs and housing that would otherwise go to them; and after some refugees admitted to news reporters that they often ate dogs and cats in their native lands, they are blamed whenever a nonrefugee family's pet disappears."  I asked a friend who had managed housing with Asian immigrants. Many had never seen a range top or oven. He said a few tried to make a fire on the top of them. I am sure they only tried it a few times. In a land of diverse lifestyles, what is "our culture"?  Isn't it at least the effort to accept other cultural norms: Atheist, Christian, Jew, liberal, conservative, green, consumer, media, etc.?
...Then there are far right Trump supporters like Duke who will find reason to take offense to any objective reporting about police brutality and systematic discrimnation against blacks in the US who are anything but "moderates."
Walt,  This isn't about ideology.  Hate is not specific to your political views or mine.  Hate is used to produce fear, to pit people against each other.   I don't think being born out of wedlock makes you more likely to commit a crime.  It has more to do with family support and class.  How do you know "most children must be raised by the mother's only because the men are off impregnating other women"?   Since you believe this, why do you think this happens?   When you state that one race has an issue with another race (whites having problems with the behavior of blacks) that is prejudice and racist in nature.  People are inherently influenced by two factors, which typically is referred to as nature vs nurture.  This applies regardless of your ethnicity.    Have you seen the movie Trading Places with Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy.  It is a good example of nature vs nurture.
Not true.  Murder happens daily in Chicago and most often black on black.  The city has the most strict gun control laws in the country and the highest murder rate by guns.  The answer to my question is, liberals don't want to talk about Chicago because it demonstrates failed liberal policies.
I met a black man who was a diversity coordinator for the USP while vacationing.  He was engaging for many reasons.  He could quote parts of the bible (I'm not that text oriented), in ways that just seemed perfect for the topics we were discussing.   One thing stuck with me.   He said that all of us have been a minority in the room at one point or another.  We have the experience to know what it feels like to face a majority, sometimes hostile to our own beliefs.    Rather than push those experiences aside, he would use them as a point of empathy, in particular for those dealing with other races, gender issues, ect...    We have bias Charles.  There are very few decision that we make that don't include an element of  bias.   We experience in life in many ways that affect our future decision making.  Bias is not always negative, it might be a bias toward safety, comfort, work choices, interpersonal.  If you look, you may find a common bias with conservatives, say toward children.......
None of those statistics are shocking when it's widely known that black men commit the majority of murders in America. It's the reason many people consider 'Black Lives Matter' to be a joke because that group doesn't seem to mind when the it's black on black crime, which again, makes up the majority of crime in America. The only way the violent crime will stop is for black communities to take charge and let the criminals know they are no longer welcome in infest their neighborhoods. Until that happens, it will continue to be a hopeless situation.
Oh please. Do you expect to be taken seriously by implying rampant violence and murder.   Strange but when I was a teenager I could never formally date an Italian girl. We had to meet at the local plaza because their parents did not want their daughter going with let alone marrying a Protestant Anglo boy. Someone once snitched on a girl I dated and she was not at school for a week, eventually re-appearing with the trace of a black eye and swollen lip.   And lets not get into what a friend's father did to him when he dated a black girl. That father was good 'old stock', fancy that.
Two more things, arising from comparing the actual newspaper with the online version. First, it carries a different headline: "Wasilla councilman poised to become first African-American senator from Mat-Su". I believe this online story originally carried a headline with the term "councilor", which normally refers to a lawyer; see where Verne Rupright in his comment makes the same mistake by using "Counsel" rather than "Council". Is it normal to refactor headlines like this? Second, the photo of Wilson on the bike trail carries a different caption, which reads "David Wilson says his age — 35 — is a bigger social hurdle for him than his race. However, rather than overt discrimination, he says, he sometimes encounters 'hidden, unseen racism' from being black in a mostly white place like the Mat-Su Borough". It's the first part that caught my attention, as the legislature has been the equivalent of an old folks' home for quite a number of years now.
I'd be careful with that one Jim.    There are lot's of reason to be proud of family, community, nation.     Just because the source is white.black, Christian, Muslim should make us assume that pride is associated only with that label.   Appreciating your writing, I don't think this is likely from you, but it happens.  But I think I know what you mean and I too hold nothing but contempt for people who assume superiority in the eyes of God, or Nature, only because of skin color.
Unless you have walked in the shoes (or the skin) of a minority (low income as well) it is difficult to understand the daily racism people deal with.  I have never been a minority race, but I have been a minority in other ways and it's very uncomfortable.  I can only imagine what it is like to be targeted by police because I am a young black man just going about my day trying to make it in a culture where I start off behind the starting line at birth.  The first time I recall being outraged by police violence on a black man was watching the video of Rodney King being beaten by several police while he was lying on the ground...and those police got off...just say; "I was in fear for my life" and they get off- even though the video clearly showed otherwise.  Until there is justice for ALL- there is no justice. Black lives MATTER and should be treated with the same respect as a wealthy white man.
I've noticed there is no widespread rioting or looting. People in Texas, black, white, Hispanic are helping each other during this catastrophe.  Not bad for Trump supporters.
Not quite.  Although I understand your argument, it's not the same.  Nothing that Trudeau is doing infringes upon the rights enshrined in the constitution.  Your point is loaded with emotion and dripping with politics, but it is not a point based on the fundamentals of law that guarantee our freedom.  Now if Trudeau and the federal liberal government tried to pass a law that, say, restricted the rights of conservatives to speak in public, then that would be tyrannical.  It would not, however, be tyranny of the majority as it would be the government, not the majority, being tyrannical.  If you want a great example of tyranny of the majority you can look at how the US denied black people the right to vote for many many years.  Not to mention slavery.  All said, I am quite confident that the cemetary rejection is just NIMBY.  I don't think this is an anti-Islam issue.
Really, LotL?  You call Good Pope Francis an anti-pope, and you accuse others of black and white thinking?
You keep using the word activists to denigrate people, and that's disappointing. I framed the article as racist because it was racist.  His other article about Questions I Want To Ask a Black Person is similarly offensive, regardless of the cooperation of some black folk in it.  If someone had handed me either one of those articles without any name on them, I would have the same reaction and feelings.  Writing an article about development and not understanding the tenor of the environment the article takes place in is tone-deaf.  Talking about how 'rims cost more than houses' is steeped in decades-old stereotypes about mexican americans, stereotypes that the author did nothing to right in his mind.   Who is the troll here man?  You are tweeting about me now.
It surprises me that some people don't view the confederate flag as a symbol of racism.  They call it "history" or "heritage," but it really means they support the confederate cause of retaining control over blacks.  Just as the American flag is the symbol for Freedom, the Confederate flag is the symbol for slavery.  And the name Deady Hall is a symbol for racism.  In 100 years, the faculty and students are not going to care what the name is, they will see it only as a place where they teach and learn.
If this was a black man in Mountain View would police wait 2 days to coax the man out or would they have blasted him to death in 15 minutes?  Just wondering since they shot the guy with a broom handle a few years back.
> Legal US residents cant even get into Canada to vacation if they've had a DUI charge.  This is only partially true. And, a DUI conviction can also prevent one from entering the U.S. The bottom line is it's not so black-and-white as you would wish it to be regarding how much harder it supposedly is to enter Canada vs. the U.S.
I sit a long way away in Germany, where I have no lived for over 25 years, and ask myself what happened to the country I lived in. The CEO of KPMG attended the same school as I did - and was Head Boy when I was in standard 6. For whatever reason, I never expected that he would still be in a position to do the damage he did, but obviously if you are greedy enough and are prepared to follow certain masters, you are part of the gravy train - irrespective of race, creed or colour. In that context, South Africa has not changed. We let the blacks who were prepared to run the homelands take part in our wealth, only justified it differently. The scale of the corruption is what has changed, and I have followed this chaos for quite a while before finding as an appropriate report as that of Richard Poplak above. Good, well formed report and I - from a distance - can only nod my head in agreement.
The problems of urban or rural poverty are very real, but have little to do with race per se.  The poor Appalachian white is disadvantaged for complex reasons, just as the kid in a US ghetto, but blaming black poverty on "white male privilege" gets us nowhere, and in fact distracts from the real issues.
Before Donald Trump and/or any of his supporters start making excuses that if he loses the election it will be the result of a world wide conspiracy, please consider the following; he has alienated himself from so many groups, Blacks, Hispanics, women, people with disabilities (who did I miss?), oh yes, POW's and Muslims...he said that he wasn't going prep for the first debate and suffers the consequences. Possibly, just possibly, if Donald Trump loses the election it will be because fewer people people voted for him than any other candidate and he will have no one to blame but himself.
Friendly? They would be happy to carve his heart out and roast it at a blacks-only BBQ, with film crew attending. I recognize that wannabe Zulu, who wears her head in a braid they never wore, and calls it Indaba, which means "council meeting" or "crosstalk". She never attended one. It was for men only.
Our "foundational creed" is based on hypocrisy. Thomas, (all men are created equal) Jefferson did not think that Indians or black men are equal to white men. He certainly didn't think that women are equal to men. Brooks should read the third verse of the anthem which rejoices in the killing of the escaped slaves who joined with the British to fight against the government that allowed them to be enslaved.
Give them a little credit-at least they're publishing an article that acknowledges the 900lb elephant in the room and what anyone who follows crimes stats and info has long known-blacks (and hispanics) are far more likely to commit and be victims of homicides than whites.  Now, if you want to follow a real example of crime journalism, check out the LA Times' Homicide Report. The Denver Post could learn a thing or two. 'Course, facts are inconvenient things to some.
As I recall the news articles, you are wrong.  And how does that account for the acquittals by the Black Judge?  Who had been an aggressive Federal Prosecutor?
It's well established that in most health measures, African Americans have worse outcomes than whites. Study after study has shown that blacks are more likely to be diagnosed with health conditions like diabetes, high blood pressure and asthma and are also more likely to die from cancer, stroke and heart disease. The disparities have been largely attributed to socioeconomic differences and unequal access to quality health care. Now a study (2016) published this month in the American Heart Association journal Circulation suggests that if all patients get the same care, these health differences disappear, and in fact, African Americans fare better than whites.   In order to keep a job, black workers also must meet a higher bar. Only in instances where black workers are monitored and displayed a significantly higher skill level than their white counterparts would they stand a significant chance of keeping their jobs for a while, the researchers found.
Interestingly enough, the KTVA & KTUU websites list a better description of the man:  "The suspect is described as a black male in his late-teens or early 20’s. He is described as having a slim build and short hair."
This is a very succinct and completely accurate assessment of the current situation. Not to diminish the credit of the writer, but his judgement is so blatantly obvious to the level headed observer, that it almost doesn't need to be said... except that it does need to be said. Too many people in this country have lost the ability to be level headed. Instead, they are carried away with irrational hatred of a black president who've they've erroneously labeled as a socialist.
DeMaurice Smith is lying through his teeth. The very man who started all this, Colin Kaepernick, specifically said, "I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color."   So the protests absolutely are about disrespecting the flag and everyone knows it, especially the players. That's why old military veterans like me are insulted and opposed to this bullshi t.
Word of warning to all African American males in Anchorage.  For your own safety... while in groups of 2-3, do not approach any female that is alone in this city.  Thanks to APD, the only description we have is young black and males.  So if any of you law abiding citizens out there and meet this description, please do not put your life at risk to ask for directions from a woman that's alone.  The citizens of Anchorage are fed up to the point of shoot first ask questions later.
We are Ukraine, and I suggest that those who are relaxed and bemused at what has happened do the research at what happens when a Putin stooge is installed in a democratic nation. Americans simply don't have the backbone that the Ukrainians showed in fighting  to expel their hated leader.  I so wish we had the draft, so everyone who has kids would feel the sting of what is coming. I don't doubt  that Trump will find a way to have us in a major shooting war in about two years, exactly as the blood encrusted war criminal George W. Bush did in lying us into Iraq. Wartime Presidents get re-elected. One might say my fear is premature, except for the fact we have seen this in the last two Republican administrations, along with the looting of the treasury by the war machine. Black on black indeed.  Hugh Massengill, Eugene Oregon
Ah...Gigi.....Alcan was initially an all white effort. However, manpower shortage required reinforcement and four black engineer regiments were sent in 1942. It took no act of Congress, just desperate war time effort to finished the road on time. Jim Crow existed in civilian sector and in the military sector. 75th Anniversary of the Alcan that we celebrate today are due to these black regiments. Sure they were not accorded fair treatment nor got good as the whites. But in most modern texts, their contribution are clearly stated and I am well read on subject and all the books I read, speak of the contribution of the blacks. But they were only 33.5% of the total work force. They were part of the team, not the team itself. Honoring just one third of the team, is just creating a racial divide that shouldn't have happened in the first place. Two wrongs don't make anything right.
Angela Merkel is far more intelligent and mature than Trump. Fifty years ago no one would have imagined the Germans would have a female leader by now.  As for good leaders, a lot of British Conservatives worship Margaret Thatcher. Indira Gandhi was a powerful leader in India. Golda Meir was a powerful leader in Israel. Sheikha Hasina has led Bangladesh fairly well.   The idea that only one minority group should keep getting a top job is unsustainable. The USA has had a black President, and he wasn't as catastrophic as his predecessor, or possibly his successor, both of whom were entitled frat boys.
Do you make speeches and tweets about spreading diseases on food like the flies always do? Do you  retweet the flies' tweets? Do you live in a segregated neighborhood because of guys like Donald Trump who were busted by two different Departments of Justice for repeatedly committing anti-black housing discrimination? Is your neighborhood as segregated and hostile to black Americans as Trump's Queens apartments?  If the answer to those questions is no, then your analogy is false. Trump is proactively spreading the KKK's message. Trump and Koback and Republicans all over the nation are proactively trying to suppress black and Latino and Asian voters which was a KKK tactic since the end of Reconstruction. Trump is the white nationalist darling for a reason. There is a reason the white nationalists are trying to Unite the Right and not the left.   Too bad you don't spend as much energy trying to repel the flies from your BBQ as you spend chastising people who point out your fly infestation.
The laundry list in no particular order of who contributed to Hillary's loss grows by the day. We have, so far at a minimum:  Russians Comey Bernie Bill ( yes, Bill Clinton, google it ) Trump ( for bringing the deplorables out of the woodwork) Jill Stein White working class ( racists and misogynists all ) Blacks ( not enough turned out compared to Obama) The major media( too much air time to Trump ) Democrats ( too many stayed home or voted third party ) The Electoral College Unions ( Trump only lost them by 8% overall) [fill in the blank]  And now Dowd. Left off the list is Hillary herself, the innocent that she is. At the end of the day the only question that will be left to political historians to decipher is, who DIDN'T cost Hillary the election.
Black Lives Matter has nothing to do with gay pride. Get your own venue.
Yet again you miss the point.  At least you are consistent in that regard.  Throughout the War Yank troops venerated the terrorist Brown who murdered Southerners.  "... to build a nation whereby all men (not just white men) are created equal..."  Right.  That's why the racist Lincoln wanted to deport most blacks.  Have you been taking your meds, Al?  The Yanks loved slavery any time they could make a buck.  Witness the New England slave traders.    If ranting helps you Al, keep at it.  You still have not come to grips with the war criminal, Sheridan, and the other Yanks who committed war crimes against the Sioux and Southerners.
Look, we know why he didn't want De Sousa. It's because he wanted Black instead. Another woman, of colour, to parade around in full view for the country to say "look at me, look at my candidates and MPs. Aren't I so diverse like this country?" No doubt had Black won she would very quickly have ascended to a cabinet post at the earliest shuffle. Didn't work and now we actually have someone running who gives a damn and was elected by the people, not the emperor.
Good for her.  But this of course will lead to riots and protest marches  by Black Lives Mattes that she should've been on the $20 bill instead.
That's what I enjoy about Brooks, he has a broad view of life and politics isn't always at the center of it.   And even while politics may be the topic, he reminds us that human being are far more than just political animals.      I do not know, but suspect, that Mr. Brooks looks for things that are common to all people, not just for those thing that divide us into say political, religious, racial, religious groupings.      I think he moves comfortably between groups because he genuinely likes most people or at the very least finds them interesting.     Of course it makes some people angry that Brooks can't be clearly labeled.   *Some people live in a black and white world and any variation challenges their life of absolute certainty.
I am sorry there is still racial bias and inequality in our nation, BUT, we have come so far and are moving the needle each and every day. It is NOT something that can be solved in a blink of an eye, but, we are, until lately, moving forward.  I look forward to the day when each and every person, whether man or woman, white or black, Christian or Muslim, gay or straight can each be considered equal. Till then, we need to bring our country together with our flag of freedom and use it to bring our country together and not to be used to divide it. Respect one another-Respect the flag.
What a nightmare for those of us born c. late 40's to late 50's ... black or white (the two colours cited being more or less valid at the time of the generation's formative years - whereas more flavours, again generally speaking, are around now).  All we believed in, some of us fought for ... trashed in favour of a new form of racism.  I'm glad my black friend/mentor, who grew up black in Chicago in the 40/50's, is not around to see how his adopted country of Canada/Ontario turned out.  He would be horrified, as we both were as we watched this develop.  This will not have a happy ending for anyone, despite all the squishy good intentions.
Travis and Another Commenter your right, but it doesn’t matter at the end of the day now. The new America we live in makes it ok for a foreign government, much less a commie government to influence our election as long as “their side” won and/or Trump was elected.   Conservatives love to wave the flag and complain about the moral decay of America, especially in “Liberal” states and places like California and New York. The new moral decay in America is the ignorant sob pissed off at his life because even though he’s never seen a Muslim that’s never bothered him, rarely sees Blacks who could care less about him, and his job was outsourced to China or Mexico and will never come back unless he’s ok with $5.00 an hour.
You can't make this stuff up.  During today's White House press briefing there was an exchange between African-American journalist April Ryan and Sarah Huckabee Sanders, in which Ryan asserted that the protests were about racial injustice and Sanders said the protests were about the flag.   Sanders ended the exchange by saying, “I don’t think there’s much to clarify — it’s pretty black and white.”
There has always been a good working relationship between the. counties and the Federal Government,  including the old Immigration,  now  ICE.  Reason,  lots of  Asian Oranized crime occurs here,  Yakuza,  Chinese gangs  .........the listed is long. They send goods,  people,  and money  through the islands Lots of meth flow in from Asia, most of our local and DEA  resources  focus in on the East and Mexican Cartels and when the heat is on Asia stops up sell cheaper. Asian gangs control this to include human trafficking for prostitution and cheap labor. With cheap illegal labourers comes cheap drugs - example black tar. It would be okay if only illegals used it but but unfortunately locals now use it,  which is heroin , cheaper than prescription drugs.
Seems fewer folks are watching NFL these last few weeks. Lots of white supremacists out there I guess. They don't mind black men if they're entertaining them on a sports field.  Couldn't imagine American or Canadian hockey fans choosing to not watch the NHL games for a similar reason. But the NHL and the G & M are clearly worried about those TV revenues.
Poor parents, struggling to survive, are hard pressed to prepare their children for school or support them once they get there. I was raised in a family that went back and forth between working-class and poor, but was fortunate that my parents were readers, so I picked up the habit.   But not everyone is able to do that. A friend, who like me has a BA in sociology, had some kind of learning disability and found reading difficult. She is above average in intelligence but still does not read a lot, because for her it's work. For me it's play. I'm sure it's a difference in brain structure, that we were born with.  So many black families don't have resident fathers because women do not want to marry men who can't make an adequate living. I'm sure the same is true for poor whites. The problem is economic, not cultural.  And yes, it does make a difference whether we adequately fund schools.
"In response to these statistics, critics of police reform — often political conservatives and police unions — typically argue that the reason more black men and women are shot and killed by police is that black Americans commit more violent crime….  According to FBI numbers from 2014, about 90 percent of black homicide victims were killed by other black people. The “white-on-white” murder rate that same year — homicides in which a white person was killed by another white person — was 82 percent of all murders of white people….  Despite these arguments, police reform advocates and researchers as well at The Post’s own analysis has consistently concluded that there is no correlation between violent crime and who is killed by police officers…."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.53081bf41648
Officers need to stop pulling out their guns.  Too many of them are ill-trained and immoral.  Too many have not worried about the huge number of civilians being mistakenly shot as long as they were black, poor or deemed unimportant.  Maybe this will make some blind people wake up and take note.  Are we all in danger when we call the police to enforce the law?
I really appreciate your response, Bill. Each one of us has a different life experience that colors our perspective of reality.    What you experience as a white man, versus what I experience as a gay white woman, versus what a person of color experiences creates completely different realities that we are all forced to move through.    It can be easy to discount another's experience when we have not ever had to walk in their shoes.    For these reasons I understand why you as a white man may not have total understanding for why the black lives matter movement is so important.  I really wish that you had stuck around and listened to the passionate young people who spoke out against hatred and violence yesterday. I really think you would have found something in their words that you would've identified with.    I wish you were there to hear the trembling words of an elderly African-American man tell us how the N-word was recently spray-painted on his house in South Eugene.
I've got an idea ...why don't you list which of my bullet items you think are lies and then I will prove to you they aren't?  I don't believe for a minute that urban uneducated blacks are doing better than rural whites. I take responsibility for all of my choices Charles and I personally have lost nothing except wasted tax dollars (and probably a really nice car stereo system)to black racism and my education is second to none in the world today with most of it taking place outside of the US, I have always succeeded on merit and had no need for affirmative action or Title 9.
First dissolve the Union, Police is para military. No union in Army. Second make the Police force more diverse (hire more Natives, Blacks and others) Make the Police more accountable for their actions. Problem solved.
Wow, it really is true!  I was just reading an article the other that was making an  argument (tongue in cheek) about white responses to things like this, and your comment reflects one that was on the list...its another version of Africans held slaves whenever the issue of slavery is raised...yikes, so much for thinking we're smarter than Americans. #spuriouscomparisons #falseequivalencies
It amazes me that the huge spikes in black-on-black crime cannot be discussed without cries of "racism!" from many segments of society. It's time that leaders and politicians in the black community started taking responsibility and seeking real-life solutions to the problem of crime in their community.  Rather than lamenting the number of blacks currently incarcerated, perhaps they should find pre-emptive solutions to the problems in there communities, and ensuring that young people and future generations can live safely.
Your mistake is in thinking that I "blithely dismiss" the mass incarceration of blacks on crack charges.  You don;t know what you're talking about.  As I told you, I am greatly saddened by the numbers of blacks I see in prion --- so much so that on my own initiative, I gave a series of talks to inner city high-schoolers, warning them not to be fooled by relatively lenient state sentencing laws, and that if they repeatedly sold crack, there would come a day when state prosecutors would turn hem over to the feds rather than take state jurisdiction.  This was occasioned by a shocking experience at an "initial appearance" several years ago.  A boy barely out of high school showed up in court all cocky and breezy, apparently thinking that the worst would be a one-year sentence on his crack charge.  In those days, one year in the state system actually meant about 20 days.  But now he's in federal court, and he doesn't know the difference.  It was heart-breaking to watch his swag  cont
So in other words you condone what is happening to ALL of the statues across the nation, including the lincoln memorial?  You like it when people go onto private property to deface and remove statues?   You agreed with ESPN removing Robert Lee from UVa football games?  You have claimed in the past to be pro-free speech.   The removal of the removal of these statues is anti-free speech.    To me, memorials to Harvey Milk  and Stonewall Inn are memorials to hate and perversion and the rainbow flag is a hateful usurpation of a wonderful symbol, why can I not have them all removed?   Why is it only one form of hate that gets removed?   Why do we celebrate black racism and condemn white racism?  You do know that the slaves were handed to the slavers by other Africans, do you not?  That it was not just Europeans that were part of the slavery equation?
Yes indeed, Webster.  And, like Timothy McVeigh, all the violence-promoting leaders of the KKK and all the Klansmen convicted of murders have been & are Christians.  And it's Christian extremists who've murdered OB-GYNs and still threaten Planned Parenthood workers & clients.  And it's Christian Americans who've burned down predominantly black churches and murdered children & other parishioners in them.  Even white Christian pastors in the South long condoned the evil of slavery (and Klan terrorists & lynchings even past the mid-20th century).  Like the Quran or any other mythology collection, the Bible offers so many tales and inconsistent messages from which devotees cherry-pick & interpret passages to suit their own desires or biases.  And hatefully deranged devotees will, of course, pick passages to misuse to try to 'justify' their violent intentions and actions.  For me, EVERY brand of religious zeal poses dangers to a civil society.
I get it. Freedom of speech, but when your speech is hateful of someone else you should lose that freedom. e.g. get rid of all these White-Power, KKK, BLM, Black-Power, Pro-Asia, Chicano Moments. If these groups alienate another person based on their sex or skin. The shouldn't be able to protest or gather.  No more KKK meetings, no more Islamic Mosques where women have to be covered. America is a melting pot! Not a 7-layer dip.  Everyone has to give something up to contribute not just the majority giving to the minority.
Once again utilitas cuts and pastes off the internet without attribution (with approval from NCR's resident OD hack). Apparently this nugget comes from a teenager rag called "Vice," which also informs us that "Black slavery in America was pretty bad, kids, but it wasn't anything special."   https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/hey-v12n5  Why don't you cut to the chase and post press releases from the KKK.
What just happened was that the BUSHiest of all BUSH Leagues proved itself to be largely a profit driven, inhuman one which is the domain of an almost exclusively white, wealthy clientele.  No one even cared when Cindy and his Flightless birds won the Cup (arguably contributed to by officials who somehow missed the call as a black player's head was repeatedly struck against the ice with an apparent malicious intent in the Finals) but all of a sudden the Lunkz heads are all over the Internet defending the poor timing with respect to their decision to get it into the tiny hands of a groper as a marketing ploy to claim superiority over leagues that handled this matter far more conscientiously.    What's even more laughable are their claims of being apolitical.  This is a disaster for the Neanderthal Headhunter League.  There's just no coming back from something like this.
It's all encompassing, read the articles.  It specifically state police brutality against black people.
LFS: The third stanza does not celebrate denying slaves freedom. That was already baked into US law.   It does celebrate the deaths of those slaves who were given refuge by the British and either took up arms against the US or were resettled elsewhere in the empire.   The British abolished the slave trade in 1807, and were on their way to abolishing slavery all together (which they did in 1833). This movement did threaten slave-owners like Key who said that blacks were "a distinct and inferior race of people, which all experience proves to be the greatest evil that afflicts a community." Recall that the US came pretty close to losing the War of 1812.  So his use of the "land of the free" absolutely excluded blacks and the anthem does celebrate their deaths.
One unarmed black man killed by blacks is too many.  And since it happens a lot more often, we need to quit pretending it isn't happening because it detracts from the agenda.  We need to talk about both, but when blacks-killing-blacks comes up, the conversation stops.  If you want to have a conversation, let's not leave out the inconvenient part, OK?  Let's have an honest conversation.
From my son's friend in South Africa...  Guess what America??? It turns out that despite all your finger pointing, you have a real racism problem too, surprise! Having your first black president is hard! Addressing racism is hard! Just ask South Africa and every African country that's struggled through the transition from colonialism towards equality - yes, a part of that struggle is swinging the pendulum the other way - paying the price for your white privilege, and guess what else??? We (in South Africa) had to change our flags, abandon old flags, topple statues of slave owners, change street names, you name it, we've all been through it - paying our dues. Now it's your turn America. You voted King Donald in and he brought all this back to the surface, so now you have to deal with it like the free and brave people that you brag about being. Time to buck up and put your money where your mouth is.
Slutvomit is a terrible band and has no place attempting to play Black Metal. Black Metal is, and always has been music for whites, and Slutvomit is attempting to appropriate our music, if they indeed were pandering to Leftism by trying to make fun (ridiculous, as Leftists have no sense of humor) of white nationalist ideals, as they were quoted as saying in this article. They're certainly not anywhere near as respected as Varg/Burzum concerning Black Metal, so what makes them think that they can "make fun" of such an icon?   You Leftists are absolutely delusional in all aspects of life.
Given the history of our country, with women only getting the right to vote in 1920. Did you feel the same about the importance of race after Barack Obama was elected in 2008? No, gender is a very important consideration, because the President represents all of us. So if only men have held that office, what do you think a lot of women in the U.S. and around the world believe? That, really, only men get to be President; why can't a woman? Why does only one gender get to represent both genders as President?  As to Sarah Palin, that was a gambit by John McCain to "shake up" the race; a historic one the GOP was on the wrong end of. His aides said after the election they had serious concerns about Palin's qualifications, but he went with his gut. Remember though, Shirley Chisholm was the first female and black presidential candidate of a major political party. I doubt the GOP will have a female presidential nominee for a decade or more, especially after Trump's campaign.
It's not easy to have a discussion with someone who comments under the moniker 'Luvmuscle' but let me say -Yes, whites are involved with the Guptas and others, as is every other race... that guy at Trillian, Wood,  for example and of course their lawyer... and those from PR Agencies and the like. Many black people too it seems, largely in Government or SOE's. - but there are some high-powered prominent people of Indian heritage.... Essa, Singh, top management from SAP, McKinsey, as well as many within Government and the Gupta trading empire..... which seem to me to be disproportionate ..... this from just reading the Press. Don't play the 'race card' or be insulting.  You may be an Indian, or  Black, even White.... I don't care  unless you are a Gupta beneficiary!  -
Whites are victims of homicide committed by other whites 90% of the time. A person is more likely to be killed by a person they know, than by a stranger.  So I would imagine black people know more black people than they due white people, and the same could be said for white people.  So protesting Black on black crime is no more necessary than protesting white on white crime. And police officers are killed more often by white assailants than by any other race.
White media Eyebrows are raising over Oakbay decision of selling Tegeta bcoz they know it can be a milestone for Black Economic Empowerment.
When you talk about white monopoly capital after being in power for more than 20 years, you are talking about your own weakness to effect transformation. You are sending your kids to white schools instead of fixing white schools. You ard talking about white monopoly capital instead of your failure to create black capital. That has nothing to do with white people. It has a lot to do with a black government that has failed bkack people. Biko said that if we want the right answers we need to ask the right questions. Mbalula is not asking the right questions. Trevor is involved in the wrong discussion.
Well, for example, lets take the 80's. Unemployment when Reagan took office was 7.5% and due to the recession that began during Carter's last year, went to 10.3% in early 1982. After his tax cuts, the economy rebounded and by 1989 was back down to 5.3%. Inflation in 1980 was 13.8%, fell to 3.2% by 1983 and stayed low, finally ending at 4.1% in 1988, Real Median family income rose $4,000 annually by 1988. Prior to the tax cuts in 1981, receipts from income taxes alone totaled 244.1 billion, by 1989, receipts totaled 445.7 billion, an 82% jump. The unemployment for blacks was at 19.2% when Reagan took office and dropped to 11.4% by 1989. By almost any measure, the economy rebounded and grew substantially during the Reagan years due to the tax cuts and other conservative policies. How about those metrics?
"People these days are overly sensitive and way too politically correct."  And many of them are conservatives.  Ever notice how the same people that like to tell black people to get over slavery are the ones demanding that their heroes of the Confederacy (the side that lost) from the same period be honored?  Seems to me that they aren't really "over it", either.
Women's issues are just another ploy by the left. They don't care about anything but power, not blacks, not gender, not immigration, not children; all just steps to power -look at all the corruption and collusion and obstruction of Obama, all designed to keep them in power forever. But Hillary ruined that plan because with her, the power hunger is so transparent, so ridiculously desperate, she wasn't fooling anyone. I feel so bad for my liberal friends who have to pretend to support all these phony issues and go further left just to call themselves Democrats and 'liberal'.  They can't seem to realize that 'the devil does not support his own'.
I’m not against protesting, but to show disrespect to your flag which represents your freedom and the many lives lost for it is plain wrong. That is the same flag given to the widow of a soldier from their loved ones casket. If symbolism doesn’t exist with the flag then this act would not exist.   Taking a knee on the playing field is not the right time and not even the right message. A lot of people don’t even understand what this protest is for. If they are protesting police equality and were to join hands to surround a police station it would be clearer who the protest is against and would deliver a stronger message.  Is there racial injustice in the eyes of the police?... I think so too! The fact is that black on black, gang related crime is the number one source of violent crimes in the U.S. The job can’t be easy when they are called to a scene with those stats. No excuse, just a fact!  I can’t take a knee at work to protest when I’m unhappy. STAND and pick the right place & time!
There is no requirement for attribution since this is not an academic setting nor are the posters professional media writers.  The phrase "At the peak of black slavery in the South, only 6 percent of Southern whites owned slaves" showed up in 20 separate websites, including three media websites unattributed, in a quick search when I stopped confirming and counting.  If you believe the information to be inaccurate, source corrections.  Otherwise, I am sure we all have more important things to spend our time on.
You see the switch and bait here. Story about white teens attacking a blk/white kid. Commenter here switches about "haole" urban legend here. In that sense continuing the eye for eye tit tat. Sounds more like white KKK teens trying to lynch a kid. Now that's off the charts.
That's rather the point. 12% of Americans are black. You're saying 25% of police kills this year were black. That looks disproportionate to me.
Um, BLM is not the group that advocates killing police officers. That was done by common armed criminals. BLM just wants the police officers, especially white police officers, to stop killing unarmed black people and for the state attorney to prosecute the ones who did instead of calling the killings "justifiable." It is crazy that the police officers shot the unarmed people just because they "feared for their lives".
Your comment just show you're biased.  Totally nonsensical argument... A Nazi flag is also just an "object"...but it provokes anger and even violence  in many for what it stands for. Blacks taking a knee is provoking anger by disrespecting a symbol of American freedom, and also the very thing (our flag) that our military protects us under.  As for your ridiculous slavery injection into this... ridiculous demagoguery.  Times in which they lived... And blacks in the South were eager and proud slave owners when they could afford a slave. EXAMPLE:: In the state of LA in 1860,  a black female (P.C Richards) ws the biggest slave owner in the state (150 slaves); she was also a slave breeder. Census figures for 1860 in N.Orleans revealed 28% of all free blacks owned slaves. Again, they were proud and eager slave owners. Times in which they lived. Back to reality...Trump will win this one.
I was actually thinking Minnesota and New England.  But either way, my bad.  I grew up in New Orleans, and it was very mixed.  I was comparing that background to someone in New England or Minneapolis.  Still not a good reply on my part.  I also know that cops do stop blacks with nothing to support the stop --- driving while black.  But it's just my impression ---  I don't have statistics --- that very few cops do that because most cops I've known are good, and for the bad cop, the stakes would be so high that it would not often occur.
Charles, thank you for your reply. You mention several issues and I'll take them one at a time if you're willing to work with me. (I see some others who appear to be looking into our conversation. That's a good thing in my opinion.) First, you mention that you were routinely insulted at monthly managers and supervisors meetings for 15 years. (That must have been really tough to handle.) Were the insults you experienced related to others' perceptions of you being a socialist, a communist, or were the insults openly or covertly tied to you being a black person? Maybe a bit of both?
I attended rallies at the U of O in the '60's put on by Communists, SDS, Democrats , Republicans, Black Panthers, all sorts.  Some members of those organizations were later convicted of crimes at the 1964 Democratic Convention.    The speeches were not prohibited or censored by the U of O.
You keep saying that the only reason these blacks are killing other blacks is because they are oppressed by the whites.   The 52% homicide figures.  That they are just victims of oppression, not stone cold killers shooting 6 year old little girls through their bedroom walls because their daddies aren't in the right gang.  The implication is that the murderers are the victims not the dead people.  I believe it is a fair question.
Wasn't it Pillsbury Boy, Mitch McConnell who said, "Let's make that black boy a one term president."
I am totally with Sr. Helen Prejean. She has been involved in so many cases where it has been made clear that those black and poor are most subject to execution.  It's long past that we should have stopped this barbaric practice.
From your first link;  "Bruce LeVell, a black former county GOP chairman in Georgia who founded The National Diversity Coalition For Trump and says he has met most of the Trump Organization's top executives, said he sees no sign of discrimination in Trump's 25th floor office in Trump Tower. LeVell described diversity in the organization's information technology department.  Trump, he said, does not care "if you're black, small, white or tall. If you've got a gift and a talent, he's going to go after you.""
The people who are doing the killing are almost certainly, according to FBI statistics, Black men.  But the Denver Post is too agenda driven to publish the complete truth.
And you're foolish to think Trump gives a darn about anything but himself and his bank account....and, it seems to me that if they wanted to do single payer, they would have just done it at that time.  For all of my adult life (I first voted in 1992), I have been hearing things from folks like you about how there will be a New World Order, the black helicopters were going to come, the US was going to be run by the UN, everyone's guns were going to be taken, etc......and none of that ever came to fruition.  Pardon me if I don't believe you at this point...and, even if true, I'm not convinced that single payer would be any worse than what went on prior to ACA.
See Gary I'm not a revolving door revolutionary, impatient, vote for the other side. I really wish Al Gore had won because he would have been. Step in the right direction. Hillary will be too. Yeah it's a bit frustrating but better than the terror that's the Donald...my god, "throwing a little gas" comment should have gotten home thrown off the island! Politics at it's best is evolution...that said there are Americans who are angry, feel let out by gay marriage, being lead by a black man (my Dad and I often wondered how long it would take to have black QB in the south.) they didn't make very good choices when the economy shifted from union-based manufacturing to the system that the GOP brought of offshoring jobs...it's immoral but not illegal says Mittens. I believe in education not training, I see a future path that includes public transportation, has an answer for global warming/climate change...realizes that we were able to leave the cues because of love and community..WWJD?
Sorry Max, no one will "spell out" for you the hard work of discernment and *seeking out* the truth of the gospel message--the operative word here being "seeking."  It is in the seeking that we will find the truth, and true disciples of Christ know that the seeking never ends.  Even Protestants understand this, despite the belief of being "saved" as a result of one solitary profession of Christ as Lord and Savior.  Black and white thinkers will reject the truth of what I have said, yet the very concept is attributed to Christ himself in gospel form.  It is incumbent upon each of us to discern and follow the teachings of Christ to the best of our ability, NOT to be "told what to do" by men in fancy suits.  A more difficult path, perhaps, but the rewards are there for those who SEEK --present tense, not "sought" or "others who sought for us" -- AL takes this approach which is wholly consistent with gospel tenets, although clearly at odds with the more traditional Romanism of yesteryear.
I've never seen JadedJade defend a terrorist. But there's a reason she doesn't like racism. A white redneck has to work pretty hard to get killed, while an unarmed black man with a broken tail light just has to run away to get shot in the back.
Is it necessary to label the owners "Asian"?  Asian cuisine fine but why does the race/nationality of the owners have to do with anything?  A lot of the problems we have today comes from media having to label everybody, white cop/black victim, 1st gay this or that, what's next, Red head does X to blue eyed person?
statistically, very few American baby boomers were "draft dodgers."  50,000 or so dodged--close to 9 million served. See one of the "melodramas" chronicling those days: "Born on the Fourth of July" about one who didn't dodge, and lived to regret it.   Re: "letting black ghetto kids go to Vietnam," well, I understand your point--war is often fought by the poor--of any colour.  Life back home in the late 60s-early 70s was still  bad enough for many Southern blacks that they signed up in droves--hey, got fed, clothed, trained, PAID and, if they were smart, even managed some education, too.   All on the tax-payers' dime.  Beat the inevitable dismal future in Huntsville, Alabama or Macon, Georgia. Amazing stat: only 25% of combat troops were drafted.  Re: Canadian branch-plant yuppies-in-training.  Suspect your birthday puts you outside that group, C. Parsons.  Goody for you.  I gotta ask: which Canadian Forces uniform do you wear?
"Ever wonder why the police kill unarmed African Americans at traffic stops?"  You state this as a generality, such that "Police kill African Americans at traffic stops."  This is grotesquely false.  In 2012, there were 12.2 million arrests, and many millions more police-citizen encounters.  How many of them involved unjustified shootings by police?  It behooves the left to ramp up hostility to police based on false accusations.  The great majority of those in prison are not conservatives.
It should be, but in many African-American communities, it isn't like that. They are disproportionately abused, and shot by police. Many people are abused by police now, but Blacks (and in the southwest, brown Hispanics) are disproportionately abused and shot, therefore it is an issue for them, and should be for all of us if we are moral people.
2 balls no strikes bases loaded, you have to take 2 pitches,Valaika swung at ball 3. Black should have told him to take 2 pitches before swinging.
I'm a liberal and I don't deny any of that. I despise Nathan Bedford Forrest. I despise Woodrow Wilson and his fawning over Birth of a Nation, which revitalized the KKK in the 1920s, including right here in the city Denver and the state of Colorado. I despise that Wilson waged a war to allegedly make the world "Safe for Democracy" while black Americans were being segregated and being terrorized by white supremacist rioters and lynch mobs at home. I despise the racist DixieCrats who threw a tantrum over Fanny Lou Hamer's Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party.  The difference between me and you is that I acknowledge these to purge them from my current party. You do it to deflect from the segregationist president and his white nationalist buddies that you cape for here every day.
Let's bust this Myth, shall we?  Blacks make up 16% of the population.  Even if every single one voted for Obama, he would not have had enough electoral votes.  No, Obama was put into office by non-blacks, mainly Caucasians.  As gratitude, we've been blamed for all the nations since the founding of our country.
A college education today is about where a high school education was when my father went to college in the late 40's/ 50's. Your are going to need either a 4 year degree or formal training ( like Mikeroweworks) in real job skills. Sadly many universities have fallen for the faux academic nonesense like womyns studies, black studies, gay studies (aka victim studies) that produce angry, frustrated diploma holders with zero chance of using their degrees. Do not completely dismiss the USA higher education system. Many grads muddle thru and become doctors, engineers, researchers, teachers and other  people providing vital services. Yes some become lawyers and politicans, but dispite their over abundance and self centerness we need a few ( very few, much fewer than we have) of those too.
Nelson said "It’s one of those things that you don’t know unless you’ve experienced racism"...ok, let's get this discussion started BEFORE disgracing the flag.  What racism have you experienced, what solution(s) do you believe can be done to change this?  Do realize that your message is now a different message than what the original kneeling by Kaep was about (excessive police brutality towards Blacks <personally I do not believe police brutality should ever happen and I hate police brutality towards all people...but this is a different discussion>)...thus why I believe using the national anthem/flag is the wrong outlet for protesting - your message gets lost.  Are you sure you aren't going to protest out of your anger towards disgraceful Trump?  If this is the real reason of your protest wouldn't it be wiser to rise above Trump?  Flag/anthem is much bigger than disgraceful Trump.  Live how you want to be treated...set an example for others to rise above the fray.
You can say that for any group.  Blacks, Hispanics, Jews, Gays, etc.  So they're all the same? No differences and all share similar problems.  Intellectual firepower at its best.
The NRA is about money and only money. When the cop shot the legally armed black man in Minnesota they were absent as that would have caused a drop in revenue.
I stood in a very long lineup to vote for Hillary Clinton in the primary, in Marietta, Georgia. The vast majority of the people in the lineup were black. Georgia went overwhelmingly for Hillary. "Neoliberal globalists who worship corporations?" Only in your imagination.
I really wanted to stick your personal experience because that should be the first test of the media's representations.  Those people who say they know Blacks and Latinos are whatever, do you personally know them and have you discussed their thinking with them?  The clubs you mentioned re the teens, did they come from republican homes, i.e. you know for sure?  I have never heard an educated republican speak in racist terms.  Just my personal experience.  However, I have spoken with liberals who will literally destroy any who do not agree with them or do not follow the PC conventions.  Look at what they did to that clueless professor who donned black make-up.  Great PC spasm, but she is a human who was torn apart by the self-righteous demonstrations against her benign action.
Black Lives Matters needs to admit that their main premise that “black lives are systematically and intentionally targeted for demise”does not hold up when you actually look at the police related fatalities. Like the "hands up - don't shoot" MYTH, BLM would rather perpetuate lies and disinformation rather than the TRUTH. Why is this? Until they can publicly admit when they are wrong, like in the Mike Brown shooting there cannot be an honest conversation about police/public interactions.
So.........you're trying to say that Democrats are a part of the President's base? You have described Democrats to a "T" with your labeling and name calling. Let's see; "Racist"---started a civil war to maintain slavery as an institution, founded the KKK as their paramilitary wing to kill blacks and Republicans, established Jim Crow and segregation, and founded the welfare state to ruin the black family structure and buy black votes through slavery to Democrat government handouts; check.  "Misogynist"---see the treatment of Sarah Palin, Condoleezza Rice (could also be filed under "racism"), Betsy Devoss, Nancy Reagan, Melania Trump, etc. "Islamophobic"---A word without meaning, unless you are speaking of the fear that Democrats have towards the truth of Sharia law and the teachings of the Koran actually seeing the light of day and being read and understood by the non-Muslim world.  "Homophobic"---See the fear Democrats show towards Milo Yiannopolis.
"Except that even in segregationist Alabama, no one went into a black church and murdered six people. "  Correct.  However in 1963 four girls were killed after a bombing in a church in Alabama. Two more people were killed while protesting the bombing.
Why will you not recognize that the Catholic Church is a large part of the problem?  The Catholic Church in the US has been fomenting division ever since the late 70s.  The Church has continued to do this by firing gays from their jobs and by, essentially, condemning people to hell if they were to vote for Clinton.  The US Catholic Church is, in significant part, responsible for the election of a man who has elevated all sorts of bigotry to an art.  His election has already created an atmosphere in which people feel free to openly harass, intimidate and threaten those whom they consider to be "undesirables", whether it's blacks, or Muslims, or immigrants.  And you suggest that THIS institution be given the role of bringing about peace and unity?????????????????????????
Why because they are black?
Dear Mathias, You have misread the dynamics that led to the Pride banning of uniformed police (police are still welcome out of uniform.)  The Pride Parade started as a protest partly against police brutality in the 1980s. LGBT people are safer on the streets now, more accepted,  and not often mistreated by police. That is not true for black people. The police ban is about Pride and its supporters waking up to the reality that minority groups need to share the struggle for equal treatment under the law and by cops on the street.  Solidarity is the goal --- exactly the opposite of "self-absorbed."  You might want to Read Desmond Cole's amazing & eye-opening piece here: http://torontolife.com/city/life/skin-im-ive-interrogated-police-50-times-im-black/
I don't understand this.  This parade is the Vancouver Pride Parade where the police have participated for 20+ years.  This is not the Black Lives Matter parade where they can determine the nature of the participation.  Including the police allows for greater opportunities to improve relationships, something that the LBGQT community has had to work hard over many years to accomplish.
And over the last eight years the previous administration promoted the exact same agenda within the black community.  Were you as offended then as you are now?  And how do you feel about the daily violence in Chicago, do you lose sleep over the body count?
They should really name it the "making Kalihi unaffordable" plan. Just ask the blacks in Harlem what happened when Bill Clinton moved in to make it a better place. Sure, the neighborhood got cleaned up, but then the residents were driven out because they could not afford to live there anymore. This shibai about affordable housing has to stop. The "affordable housing" down in the Ward/Ala Moana area starts at $500K plus, how is that affordable? Unless you are selling units at aroud $200K, there's nothing affordable about it. So glad our politicians are more concerned about lining the pockets of developers and screwing the people of Hawaii.
"Self-loather" is a hysterical attempt at slurring me. But the white way in modern times is that showing compassion and respect for non-whites is a sign of weakness. It's like Sensei Kreese from "The Karate Kid" is us white peoples' spiritual father. People who are willfully ignorant of their own white privilege say things like "Mercy is for the weak." As far as the shooter's racial identity: our nation's police system is about white supremacy. He was protecting the order. A while ago, I read some insights in an interview with a black man who was a retired police chief. A good rule of thumb about police in general is that 15% are indeed heroes... in every sense of the word. And 15% are evil--being a cop is a way to get back at the world. The other 70%, pretty much regardless of race, follow whoever the lead dog is. If the evil one runs the show, they follow. If the good one does, they follow that person. Obedience to authority is a mindset, not an ethnic trait.
Okay all you free-fire fetishests that scream non-stop every time a (white) person with a gun feels like his second-amendment toes might somehow someday get stepped on...   "Assume, for the sake of argument, that the account given by the Charlotte police of how they came to fatally shoot Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday is true – that he had a handgun. So what? North Carolina is an open-carry state (like 30 other states) where a citizen has the right to walk around with a handgun.  The Charlotte police department says its officers saw Scott “inside a vehicle in the apartment complex. The subject exited the vehicle armed with a handgun. Officers observed the subject get back into the vehicle at which time they began to approach the subject.”  So exactly what illegal activity did the Charlotte police observe before they approached “the subject?”   The only conclusion it’s possible to draw is that it’s illegal to carry a handgun in North Carolina if you’re African-American."  —Robert Reich
While I agree that we must take a stand, if that body were consistent it would thin its ranks considerably if it applied the ethics to a host of the companies in that graphic with regard for example price fixing, tender rigging and anticompetitive behaviour.  I can spot over R10,000,000,000 in fines from memory.   Another couple of billion pending in the banks.  Pot, kettle, black?
There are four reasons the Democrats lost in 2010 and none of them have to do with defending Obamacare. 1. Not enough attention was paid to redistricting by the Dems while the GOP lived by it. 2. College students who worked for Obama in 2008 could not find jobs. 3. Black voters who came out in droves could not be found (which is why Hillary lost) 4. Susan B. Anthony fund lied about abortion in the ACA and the Dems did not fight back.  Making the point that tax reform should raise money is true, but would not be popular. What we should harp on is that when you lower tax rates for CEOs and investors, they have more of an incentive to cut jobs, pay and benefits and pocket that money for themselves. When the IRS gets more of it, they have less incentive to go after their workers.  As far as demands, finding a way to have most families not file while still getting tax benefits like the child tax credit through their employer with a $1000 per month per child credit paid with wages.
Exactly.  Nevertheless you thought Forrest's attitude toward blacks was "racist" and therefore noteworthy.  That is, until you were reminded that racism was a universal sentiment of which Lincoln was arguably the leader given his position.  And, the Draft Riots in NYC are an excellent example of how virulent the Yanks' racism was.  Not only were blacks assaulted, robbed, and harassed, the Yanks actually set the poor blacks on fire.    So much for the high moral ground wrongly ascribed to the Yanks in this article -- i.e.  by smug, arrogant, politically-correct creatures who wish to commit cultural genocide by relentlessly demonizing the South.  You are quite welcome for the citations you requested which document General Forrest's humanity toward blacks  at Fort Pillow and the Reinhard Heydrich qualities of the war criminal, Sherman.
If "Black lives matter," TRULY, why do fewer than 40% of Black males CHOOSE to graduate from High School, securing a foundational education that is FREE for the taking?  If "Black lives matter," why are FULLY 2/3rds of American Black babies KILLED BY BLACK community members before they are born?  If "Black lives matter," why are 73% of ALL American Black babies illegitimately born (read that, born into FATHERLESS families)?  If "Black lives matter," why do Blacks KILL FAR MORE Blacks, and commit FAR MORE crimes against Blacks, than Whites do, whether against Blacks or other Whites?  If "Black lives matter," why do ONE OUT OF THREE Black men CHOOSE to become part of the American jail/prison system?  Why does it seem that “Black lives matter” ONLY when a White cop shoots them?
Black Catholics in America are far more common than that. Black Catholics globally is probably the majority of black people.
It was okay to read negative words from a white man, but once she started quoting a black woman, that was too much for Yertle The Turtle.   Donald John Trump will be our best shot at picking up a few seats in 2018, he's a big help in keeping interest in politics up, just what we will need, thank you very much.
"said selecting a candidate who looks like Ms. Nuamah shows 'the board is clearly listening to the communities who are raising the most demands and the most concerns.'"  I think this says it all. Black Pride [is the only thing that] matters
So the racist Attorney General Sessions has added his 2 cents on behalf of his corporate masters. My thoughts about these neo Nazis in power is they hate the color of Obamas skin and his intellect, charisma, calmness, and thoughtful clarity when he speaks, so much, that they will undo every single thing Obama accomplished while in office, to give themselves comfort that they have wiped out every thing that uppity black man had accomplished. Like George W said, Presidenting is hard work, so it must be why Trump has cost the taxpayers more since he took office, to vacation and play golf at his resorts that taxpayers pay to, more than Obama played or vacationed in his 8 years, and cost more than Obamas 8 years thus far. At over $365 million a year for Trumps protection, if he survives impeachment or disgruntled Trump voters, he will be on par to get over a $billion dollars worth of security, plus what Putin is kicking in
It depends on why they say no, RooseveltLai.  It's similar in principle to saying a storeowner has the right not to sell to a customer, but not if they say no because he or she is black.  I'm not saying the vote actually was motivated by anti-muslim prejudice (although that was the mayor's assessment) but that's the principle on which any challenge would be based.
Oh Ken, you so miss this point.  White folks have been doing this for years.  Beach Boys and Elvis stealing from black musicians, white actors playing the role of Jesus Christ, Moses, Solomon, Cleopatra, all non-whites people. The actor being cast in this movie doesn't look Hawaiian, is not Hawaiian, and serves only to perpetuate discrimination.  "GET OUT!"
Yes, the outgoing administration had declared war on the rights of conscience, and the other candidate in the campaign had vowed to continue that war and engaged and proposed to continue to engage in “dirty tricks” against Americans’ religious beliefs and rights, especially regarding the Catholic Church.  A group of prominent black religious leaders wrote an open letter to her on three issues critical to people of faith: abortion, religious freedom, and the rights of conscience on the issue of same sex relations. She did not respond.
(Part one of two)   Conference weighs how 'Amoris Laetitia' rejects 'infantilization of laity' Headline for —Joshua J. McElwee  Infantilization of laity . . . nuts . . . infantilization of priests would be more like it.  “After Cupich, the first talks at the conference Oct. 5 focused on how Francis' apostolic exhortation is being received by Latino and black Catholic communities in the U.S.”  So, what about Blacks.  Noun/verb agreement in the 2011 illiterate Missal often sounds like colloquial so-called “Black English.”  The larger question is: will the USCCB make use of the holy understanding of AL from the conference to move on from the safe place of power and control?  Will the laity assert its own power and gifts in new ways at the same time?—BROohthor  as Raymond Arroyo and EWTN drone on and on attacking Pope Francis for his common sense toward the divorced and remarried, letting them receive Holy Communion.
...(cont'd from above)...  ...(later issuing an executive order arbitrarily banning travellers to the US from 7 Muslim countries) and actively participated in the disenfranchisement of black voters in record numbers during the 2016 Presidential Election.   I could go on but it might begin to appear a bit repetitive!   In short, not only is Donald Trump a long-standing, devout racist…he's a bonafide BIGOT!
Yes, Obama was a black man.  That's the only statement you made about Obama that I agree with.  Yes, Trump is POTUS.  That's the only statement you made about Trump that I agree with.  This POTUS and his singular intentions cannot be compared with any other former POTUS.  He is a law unto himself, and he will be judged on his own merits.
so that's 14 whites vs 2 blacks at the top in a country where whites consist of about 5% of the population....   this distorted white wealth endangers us all
“Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and Hispanics – a tough subject – must be discussed.”  On November 22, he retweeted a racially loaded image of a masked Black man holding a handgun in a threatening manner alongside false statistics attempting to show that Blacks kill more people of all other races. One “fact” stated that Blacks killed 81 percent of white homicide victims in 2015, when, according to the FBI, the number is closer to 15 percent.  http://www.diversityinc.com/news/trumps-record-of-hate-to-date/  Link to the image discussed: https://goo.gl/images/GC4c63
Somebody did something. Because anti-black racism against Americans of African descent happened and its effects carry over until today.   It's true that 1% of the population were slave owners. But they were able to own slaves in the first place because the rest of society accepted it for so long.   Even after slavery was abolished, it only took a few years of relative equality for freed slaves for the white backlash to undo and unwind Reconstruction and thus usher in devastating Jim Crow in the South and defacto Jim Crow in the North that marginalized, excluded  and often brutalized American citizens who were descendants of slaves.  Rather than deflecting and defending anti-black racism and double standards, maybe you should be a part of the solution.
I oppose white supremacism, a form of racism that has blighted American life much since 1492.   How about you, Mr. Hooper? Do you oppose white supremacism? The Panthers did. Of course, opposition to white supremacism has been national policy, a law even for 50 years.  Who's more patriotic? White supremacists who took up arms against their own nation? Or black militants who took up arms against white supremacism . . . and were a big reason that the rest of the nation came to abhor racism?
Sorry, folks, but I vote with the Chief.  This isn't about the police picking on innocent people, it is about having the power to restrict the ability of the police to do their job properly.  I am willing to bet that these complaints originate in areas where the crime is predominately black people harming other black people.  But, what drives me insane is how the media automatically imbues claims by people such as Mr. Levien, who claims that he was stopped by Peel police a decade ago................... and was immediately tackled to the ground when he questioned being checked.  Yet, when the police offer a reasoned and logical response, the media marshals their narrative and ignores it.   The article quotes statistics that show that 20% of checks are on blacks who are 9 % of the population.  However they don't tell us the circumstances of the checks.  If they did so, I am willing to bet the story would change.  I challenge the G&M to actually investigate these 'statistics' for facts.
A hate crime is when someone is motivated by hate against a group and commits a crime targeting that group.  Can you name any woman who wrote a manifesto against men and then targeted them in a killing spree? No you can't.  But if that were to happen -- or the times when men have written a manifesto against women and then killed a bunch of them -- I'd call it a hate crime.    The white supremacist who shot a bunch of black people in a church was prosecuted as a hate crime.  Yet strangely, there's a lot of resistance to calling it a hate crime when women are the hated group and the target.
Not a bad article Eric, but you forgot to include both LM (Lockheed Martin - F35) and NG (Northrop Grumman - B2 bomber), huge recipients of government largesse.  Since they are largely concerned with military (and often 'black') programs, not so much in the public eye.
I want to believe that it took bravery to do what he did,it didn't sure he sacrificed a lot but I think he is more misguided than anything,iam not retired but iam in my fifties born and raised in Colorado,I have lived in North Carolina for the past twenty years,at the time I lived in Colorado there were not that many black people,but here it is fifty,fifty I haven't seen what they are saying about racial inequality or police brutality,I have seen the opposite they give them more opportunities here,I know that hasn't always been the case for them,I to have an open mind,I don't see them doing anything to change the perception people have about them the stereotype is pretty accurate,nobody wants to have a serious discussion about race,I treat others as individuals,at some point they are going to have to take responsibility for what's going on today and learn to forgive the past,living in the past is getting them nowhere,doesn't help politicians have lied to them along with the media.
Stop pretending like the black community commits crime at the same rate as other groups. That's not the case. It's way higher. It's so high that it can't be accounted for by simple discrimination alone. Believe it or not, but members of this community are in fact committing more crime, and thus are reasonable subjects of carding.
None of that is relevant to anything. None of it even matters. The reason Trump is the "least popular" incoming President is simply because this was the most bitter fought election in US history. There are plenty of Americans complaining about Trump even though they didn't even bother to vote. Lots of people came to see Obama's inauguration simply because it was something different to see a black President being sworn in.
Critics of the New York Shakespeare Festival don't understand Shakespeare and don't understand "Julius Caesar," which does not advocate political violence. Mistaking an event or a character in a play for the message of the play is an error made by the sub-literate. "Othello" does not advocate domestic abuse, and "Hamlet" does not advocate killing one's uncle. For Delta Airlines to withdraw its sponsorship of NYSF is an act of craven hypocrisy; notably, Delta had no problem with sponsoring a 2012 production of "Julius Caesar" by the Gurthrie Theatre in Minneapolis (one of most distinguished American theatres) that  referenced Obama by casting a black actor as Caesar.
"I have a black, a woman, two Jews and a cripple. And we have talent." - James Watt, 1983.  Hey, that's right, wasn't he also Interior secretary?
I do see things from their perspective, which is why I support the removal of Confederate statues.  If I were black, I would be severely offended --- reasonably so --- by the celebration of those who led the fight in a terribly immoral cause, i.e., the enslavement of my race.  That is an inescapable truth.
Your quoting Biden is a fig leaf for your and the Repubs own racism.  Face it, you guys just don't like it when black guys do their constitutional duty.  Barack Obama will never be white enough for you guys.  Gorsuch will join Alito, Thomas and Roberts as corporate stooges on the court.  Our memories are long, and our reach is far.  You should prepare for that day when Democrats and progressives again take charge of the Congress and presidency - it will happen!  It won't be pretty to watch.
Because black workers are more closely scrutinized, it increases the chances that errors—large or small—will be caught. According to the researchers it’s more likely that a black employee would be let go for these errors than a white one. Thus another way of looking at the findings, Lang says, is that blacks simply don’t get a second chance.  Once fired, black workers return to the pool of unemployed—where they will once again have a difficult time finding work, prompting their next employer to be wary as well.  In the meantime, white workers are less scrutinized, and as a result, they enjoy a longer tenure on the job, which leads to a stronger work history, more skills, and higher wages.
Of the 59 major media outlets, 57 supported Clinton. Who won the election, Trump. So I hope all Democrats and Liberal media continue to spew their intolerance, diviseness, and elitism. It worked out very well in the most recent election, please protest and continue your current path. As not reported by the above, Trump didn't win this election because of the "angry white voter", he won because many people who previously voted for Obama, voted for Trump, including more of the Latino, black, women, union, and other minority voters than voted for Romney. So keep up the rhetoric, lies, and diviseness, combined with this and the fact many celebrities and fellow Americans said they would move if Trump was elected President, just maybe the Republican's will end up with 40 governors, and wins up and down (like this election) the state and federal electorate in 2018, heck maybe Trump will get to nominate 3 Supreme Court Justices. The people have voted, the media (ADN), is no longer relevant.
I'm not sure from the essay under discussion that it has been.  This may just be part of a proposal to get such a paradigm into the DSM.    According to the original Sunday article:  "Western psychology neither recognizes racism exists nor admits that it would have a detrimental psychological impact. Black psychologists defined racism as a mental illness around 1965."  How someone votes at a convention seems an odd way for a 'science' to be defined, however.  Consensus 'science' as opposed to replicable, peer evaluated science is the way I see it.  If it can't be independently replicated and quantified, it's just opinion based on whatever strikes their fancy at the time.  Homosexuality 50 years ago was a mental defect; now it isn't.   Aspergers is no longer is a valid diagnosis.  Because 'they' 'voted' that way.
I'm not black, so someone is bound to say I can't have an opinion on this, but I am a tribal card holder who is sick to death of the racial infighting. My white father is as deserving of respect for his culture and contributions to society as my Indian mother. My part-Indian brother's contributions to the world are no more or less important than my white husband's contributions to the world.   There was a time when minorities were ignored and undervalued. That was wrong. We have gone through a 30-year period of fawning and over-valuation to make up for that. It's time for that to end. To become a post-racial society, it is necessary to move beyond these distinctions.  ALL of the workers on the Alcan (including women by the way) should be honored for their accomplishment. Within that day of honor, it is appropriate to give special attention to the black soldiers. It shouldn't be Black Alaska Highway Workers Day. It should be Alaska Highway Workers Day, some of whom were black.
As per my previous suggestion:  The Edwin L. Coleman II Center for Black Culture  Nothing could be more fitting.
It has to do with decay in the unity of family life.  As Thomas Sowell, a black Ph.D. economist, who grew up in Stuyvesant section of NYC has pointed out....poverty & educational deprivation didn't lead to the crime among the blacks (rural or inner city) during the 50s & early 60s  They were poorer, more disenfranchised, severely discriminated against, but their families were intact, divorce was quite low, unwed mothers few, etc.   The schools weren't fancy but they produced good results (because the teachers were working with children who had a base level of human virtue (patience, persistence, industriousness, generosity) aided by family life.  General Powell grew up there too  We really need to update our standard "reflexes" of causes, so impregnated are they with pablum from the 1970s/80s/90s sociology types.  We examples of what worked in the past.   We do know why they worked.   We just don't like what it points to:  the need for better marriages, discipline in the families, etc.
Whoa! An earthquake must have struck the valley when I wasnt paying attention. A black legislator from the valley!? Where's a wingnut to go? Good luck Mr Wilson, you're going to need it.
If it wan't for Hezbollah (and Iran) the black flag of ISIS would today be fluttering over Damascus, (and that would please Israel).  "I guarantee that will have enormous positive reverberations" Netanyahu in 2002 urging US lawmakers to invade Iraq - and whose destruction created the vacuum that fed ISIS. (The wily "Bibi" merely neglected to mention these "positive reverberations" would be for Israel, with its enemies toppled and their countries in ruins).
Fascism is the politics of identity, whether it is white identity, black or brown.  Fascism   is when what you are ( your race, religion, gender)   is more important than who you are as a person (intelligent, kind, hard working)
He wants to give the police more power. He wants to eliminate sanctuary cities. he wants a law and order society. Black lives matter say this is racism. Mayors in Chicago and San Francisco refuse to cooperate.
When is enough stuff, enough?  Consumerism has taken over and made our holidays incidental.  It's all about their bottom line, and it has been about their co-opting our time and money to put their books in the "black".    We don't have excess money, but what a lovely long weekend we're having with family and friends not shopping : )
Those who are against what Betsy DeVos wants to do would have their heads explode if we went back to Jim Crow laws for blacks.  This isn't about victim's rights, it's about giving a man or a woman a fair hearing on a college campus.  Victims have the right to not be assaulted.  Sexual assault is a horrible thing and can mare a person for life.  But not giving a person their day in court is just as horrible.  We all have the right to trial by jury.  Why should that be denied just because an accused person is attending a college or university?
So you approve of those who say, "I want to discriminate against gays on religious grounds". During the days of Jim Crow, there were those whites who supported discrimination against blacks on religious grounds. Would you guard those "religious freedoms" as well?
I've never met anyone who blamed their lack of success on "nasty females, queers, coloured  folks"....obviously we move in different circles.
Brian, thanks for very well written, but also disturbing, piece. You defend yourself very well against protestors and some iconic straw-man "the left" who accuse you, ironically, of believing what your candidate says he believes.   Will your vote determined by some angry protestors and "the left?" I certainly don't call you racist, sexist, or ignorant. But I do ask, will you vote for a man who says what Mr. Trump says about Mexicans, Muslims, blacks, and women? Who ignores decades of foreign policy, and jumps to dangerous conclusions repeatedly? Who promises to deport 11 million people? Who would exclude immigrants on the basis of religious beliefs? You redefine him as "a fighter." Do you just disbelieve everything he says?   And I'd join you, whole heartedly, in objecting to the name calling, polarizing, demeaning, common-enemy tactics of those protesters.  ... if you weren't using them to defend a man whose campaign has ridden those same tactics to unprecedented levels.
Police are rarely prosecuted for shootings, and only convicted in less than 20% of those cases brought to trial.  In the years 2014 and 2015 there were zero prosecutions for police shootings.  Since 2005 only 13 officers have been convicted of manslaughter or murder.  Police average right around 900 shooting death a year during this time frame.  So no, the truth is police are rarely prosecuted for shooting anyone, much less blacks.
Politifact checks statements and ranks them on a continuum....not just all black/all white.  Take a look at the site and it's approach to addressing statements made by politicians.....
So you hate blacks?
Lee saw slavery as an evil primarily for its effect on the slave-owning population.  He also characterized it as the best possible relations between the races that was possible at the time, and praised its civilizing effects on Blacks.  In other words, your quotation is at best incomplete.  As executive of his father-in-law's estate, Lee also deliberately delayed freeing the slaves in that estate for years until forced to by litigation.  Take a moment indeed.  Read some Alan Nolan.
1/3 black.
"...I doubt the story will be updated..."  Your doubt is well founded.  I'm still waiting for the update on that poor black DPS Student who several days ago, according to the Denver Post, was racially targeted/verbally/physically assaulted on a RTD bus by an "older white male".  You'd think a crime of that nature/magnitude would warrant 24/7 coverage along w/a Statewide BOLO for the desperado who perpetrated that heinous act.
This should make Black Lives Matter feel good.  This is what they were hoping for.
Sandra Bland but it was her not using her blinker that landed her in jail. I have read many articles on blacks being stopped and end up dead. Maybe if you read something besides right wing articles, you would know this.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.  Again: ALL   So Hillary is apparently just lying again.  Nonsensical.
Nobody plays the victim like the modern conservative. And like the basket from which Jesus was able to pull that endless supply of fish, conservatives carry every where they go their very own proverbial blame basket.   In the conservative blame basket is an endless supply of people & groups who are responsible for every problem conservatives have experienced, both real and imagined. In the basket there are immigrants, foreigners, liberals, blacks, hispanics, asians, Democrats, Obama, Hillary, unions, colleges, elitists and people who say, "happy holidays" instead of merry xmas.    Of course, the conservative is never, ever responsible for anything bad or negative that happens to them...Its always the fault of somebody or something in the basket...i.e. no jobs and hooked on opiates?...blame immigrants for taking their jobs and Obama for making them feel bad about themselves.   The blame basket allows conservatives to blame everyone but themselves for their station in life.
The privilege the author speaks of is relative to that of Black people under apartheid.  No, the Apartheid laws did not uniformly apply to the four defined racial classes. When the post-Apartheid BEE collapsed the classes into two groups (Black/White)  the Indians had a big headstart and benefited disproportionately form the opportunities.  No mystery there...
I don't know this person, or that Canada ever had segregation -but surely there is a more notable female--Laura Secord, Florence MacDonald  or a suffragette. Ms. Desmond is an unknown and in 1946 Canada had few Blacks--and we never had slavery. Sounds like a Liberal  shame you on racism stunt.
No Art. Wankers like yourself tried to fire me for being a whistleblower and wound up being investigated themselves. Guevara's bad rep was mostly due to myths. If memory serves, there were a handful of executions of traitors, double agents, rapists, murderers, during the guerilla struggles, and of  fifty-some-odd Batista's torturers and murderers who got due process, such as it was, at La Cabana, after 1/1/59, with the support of 93% of the Cuban people, at the time.  Those Batista goons had killed thousands. Forrest on the other hand, killed about 300 black union soldier prisoners who had surrendered at Ft. Pillow, as well as black civilians in the fort.
Let me know which civil society your talking about, not Our civil society I'm hoping; mass murder of Native Americans, Slavery, Internment of Japanese Americans, Jim Crow laws, murder of African Americans for walking or driving while black.
They deserve to be recognized for what?  The work they did or being black?  Enough already with the racial crapola.  They were exceptional at what they did and deserve to be acknowledged for that. Who cares what color any of them were!
So when you say change. You mean change the name of the building, so it’s named after a black person. Just like they did at oregon university.  when they changed Dunn hall to Unthank hall. Here’s the guide lines that they had to follow to pick the new name.  “The university asked the committee to look for someone who was black, dead and had a direct relationship with Oregon or the UO.”
re:  people who vote on their own posts - not sure if they're trying to prime the pump or add more commentary to their post.....   i believe that CUE does have some kind of personality disorder - not using that in the "official" context.  he has a list of "bad things" that is very cut and dried for him.  race, gender, style of dress, etc - all factors that can be seen.  then he obsesses on them -  linda hamilton, a local black woman who was in a story recently... OMG he threw her and her story into every post he made as if SHE were an insult . regardless of the subject, for 2 weeks he did it.  bizarre. i didn't know how to flag it. i wasn't sure if civil's  flag for harassment clause covered people not even commenting. then he came out of the complete blue with snarky digs thrown at G. Crum and jade - with a steady stalking of me in comments where he just spewed his hate mumbo jumbo, he may not know how to relate to people. it's pretty obvious his social skills are poor, very poor.
So..... I think i get your point. You are saying that its ok to arrest innocent black people (or kill them at a 600% higher rate than whites) because they are arrested at higher rates than white people.  Right?  and, that by protesting, you think that its more important to focus on that they are disrespecting the flag, rather than that our fellow Americans are dying while driving home from work.  OK. I understand where you are coming from and your priorities.   Mine are different.
Ah . . . someone has been watch the Original Fake News again.  If you are talking about the Congressional Black Caucus  and some folks from South Carolina who might feel like they are not being heard . . .  Is that the one?
I believe it is you who is being coy, following 40-20's suit. However, unlike 40-20, you seem inclined to reply.   40-20, in his original comment, expressed what I believe is a dog whistle for his or her racist views. By using his or her comment to link a story limited in nature to details about the suspect in a murder case, who happens to be a black man, to the level of incarceration of black men in the United States, he or she suggests there is an obvious causal correlation between the two that is plain to see. Personally, I don't see any obvious correlation between this crime and rates of incarceration of black men in America.
Of course they do.  Canada and the U.S. are European Colonies.  Europe, at the founding of the New World was predominately White.  It has only been since the 60's that Ethnic communities in the U.S. and Canada had a voice.  Only since the mid to late 80's since both countries  opened their doors to wide immigration from ethnic countries.  There has only been 2, closer to 3, generations since the race issues of the 50's.  There simply hasn't been enough history or time.  The fact that these issues are being talked about is good, but this attitude that we should be beyond these issues and there be a more equal footing for people of non-white ethnicity?  There hasn't been enough time gone by yet.  The doctors at the forefront of SARS, HIV, Ebola and pharmaceuticals - most are of Asian or African origins.  Animation and Graphic Arts - Asian.  Architecture and Engineering - Asian.  Music and Entertainment Arts - Black.  The world is changing and evolving but it takes time.
i think that if someone is a menace to the community they should be sent packing. enough is enough. shouldn't matter if the community is black, white, or green. and btw: how much is togiak getting billed for their trooper outpost? understand that we other folks just aren't chipping in enough to support our troopers! what is the issue with girdwood?
Post your fake news source for.... "Republican Congressional caucuses - They do not admit black Democratic legislators through their closed doors. "     And this alt-left flatulence as well...  "the Republican Party IS a racist party, catering to the KKK and Aryan Brotherhood types."
I am not too certain what you mean by sounds? Help me there?   Certainly though there does seem to be a disproportionate number of those from or originate from India.... basic maths would illustrate that. I agree there are whites, blacks, greens and blues, among others also .... and probably more from KZN and more Afrikaans lawyers... and some pretty slimy people from London, supposedly professional. The Guptas and Zuma's know whom to subborn. But as I say, a disproportionate number of Indians, unless you can say something convincingly to me and others  that proves me wrong... please prove me wrong or apologise.  This isn't a race issue, don't try to make it so!
Wilson said she's now a Rock Star yet she still looks like a silly black woman wearing a confederate style cowboy hat that doesn't fit.
When Helen took over the DA it was a party of no significance, that was the voice for whites in Parliament (or should I say whisper) Helen was the one who took it and transformed it into a real opposition party that represented all South Africans whilst still defending the rights of minorities. This has now all changed, the DA has now become obsessed with power and turned its backs on minorities. Their vote on the EE bill is proof of this, this bill would lead to massive job losses for coloreds in the Western Cape. Also The DA was fist in line to lay charges against Penny, Wyane and Vicki and demanding they be fired, yet they took no action when Velaphi Khumalo, Lulu Xingwana and Duduzile Promise Manana made their comments?   This double standards system employed by their new leader, whereby they judge Black and White people by different standards is not a good sign for the parties future as a defender of minorities. PS THERE WAS NOTHING RACIST ABOUT HELEN'S TWEET.
Even if not shot in the back, he was not moving away. The officer shot him out of fear, which does not make for a righteous shoot since the officer had been chasing him. He could have waited for help if he could not take him down alone. It is not like he did not know who Brown was. The cop was mad because Brown had punked him in his own car. Black lives matter more than police egos. As for Travon, self defense goes out the window once Zimmerman, after being pushed down by a justifiabily afraid Martin, got up and rushed him. He became an assailant at that point and anything that happened is a consequence of that fact. Martin was not aggressing Zimmerman after the initial contact, where he believed he was justified in standing his ground. Events proved him right. Thanks for playing, but it is time to end the subjegation of young black men to armed neanderthals.
The tragedy is that you and so many of your kind just do not get it. The Confederacy lost the war and, thank God, we’re much better for it. We shouldn't have to say that in the year 2017, well over 150 years since the end of the Civil War. Though the guns may have fallen silent in the South, the arguments about the war and its legacy certainly have not. In order to create the United States an agreement was struck in Philadelphia.  Slavery would terminate.  The importation of blacks would discontinue.  Your group failed to keep the agreement.  The South was losing its grip on government, especially in the Senate, and it was too much.  The South declared its right to secede, but in the Confederate Constitution hey outlined the "Confederacy" as a “permanent federal government,” and outlawed secession. The Confederate States passed the first conscription act on the continent, requiring men to sign up or be executed.
Do honestly think I believe racism is a difference in ideas?  Racism is the attitude that a dark-skinned person can't possibly have any ideas, at least nothing worthwhile.   Republicans I know are generally polite, genial people, but I learned they 'know' so many things about Blacks it is not possible to hold a real conversation. And what does this have to do with the bogus claim that today's Republicans are the party that freed the slaves?
Hello Cet3,  I realize this board is not a scientific poll, but dude, do you find it at all striking that my post currently has nineteen "agree" votes and just one vote - yours - against it?  Look, your attempt at argument is no different from saying about black folks: "Well, you have to understand, black folks benefit from affirmative action programs, they have that advantage, and you should remember that when you see a black scientist or journalist".  Your attempt at argument is no different from saying about women: "Well, you have to understand, women benefit from quotas and outreach programs, they have that advantage, and you should remember that when you see a woman in Trudeau's cabinet or in a boardroom".  I do not understand WHY you endorse what is so OBVIOUSLY a statement that denigrates a diverse group of people! Not all black folks gained their success from affirmative action, not all women got where they are due to quotas.  Why disparage and taint them with a broad brush?
I didn;t say she did.  She does provide insight into BLM and others who think the way she does.  In the aggregate, they do have significant influence on many blacks.
We're talking about small towns who have limited infrastructure and security and watched what happened in Charlotteville and have zero interest in becoming beacons for racial warfare.  You talk about censorship, but you don't live in these communities and you're not a black person watching the KKK and Nazis have a parade in front of your children on your front lawn.  This is about keeping the peace and allowing people to live and feel safe in their own homes.  Yeah, it's unfortunate that these statues have become sources of conflict, but they have.... and if taking them away prevents conflict, it's for the best for the people who live in these towns.
The reality is that there were so few black people in Canada segregation hardly made a difference.
Alaska could be an extremely desirable location to live in,once the race riots start..A Trump victory would guarantee that the Mexicans,and Blacks will be rioting on the streets on November 6th..A Clinton victory will guarantee that poor Whites are sent off to the FEMA work-kamps on November 6th..Either way,keep your head down,your freezer stock-piled,and your expectations low..
Actually religion is a protected class. If it's a public business it's open to the public . So if a Muslim business sells wedding cakes they legally have to sell them to Jews or Christians too. The Equal Rigjts Amendmwnt was put in place because of people refusing service to people they didn't like; like Blacks, Jews or Muslims. Imagine that!
The American flag -- that Kaepernick so loathes -- is draped over the caskets of vets who fought for the freedoms and rights that Kaepernick and other NFL stars, Hollywood stars, CEOs, and every other American enjoy. Blacks no longer have exclusive bragging rights to human suffering. We're all in this together, given global outsourcing, golden parachutes, etc., that have driven the middle class (that included millions of blacks) into obscurity. If Kaepernick had a window into the trauma and oppression and bad hand life dealt millions of "whiteys" -- and there are well documented stories all across America (since our Founding Fathers founded the U.S.) -- his indignance and arrogance would nonetheless prevail, because the hate-mongering to which he cleaves has rendered him blind.
"It was inevitable that the first black president would unsettle a lot of people. Trump promised to Make America White Again. A lot of the unsettled people believed him and voted for him. He is their cultural messiah."  This is the comment I was replying to.  The implication is that everyone who did not support Obama's policies is racist.  People can have legitimate issues with Obama and Clinton and refuse to vote for them while not being racist or sexist.  As I said, I would have gladly supported Carson or Fiorina and, at the end of the day, I voted third party because Trump was to distasteful to me on a personal level.  At the same time I refused to vote for Clinton because the policies of the Democratic party seem to revel in attacking certain parts of Church teaching.
"As Trump takes aim at BLACK professional athletes, sports world responds"  There, I fixed the headline. The old bigot who spent years "investigating" Obama's birthplace is at it again. Trump is poison for America.
I don't know if we can talk, Gail. I wish it would make a difference. This is, I think, a painfully telling study that was published last year on DNA testing of 160,000 Americans.  It was conducted on three populations, whites, blacks and Latinos, by 23andME and Harvard university.  https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/01/07/claims-that-us-is-a-genetic-melting-pot-appear-overblown-if-youre-white/  "What genetics is showing is that in fact white Americans are shockingly European to an incredibly high degree for a population with roots on this continent for 400 years. . . ."  "With respect to European Americans, the percentages are much more different than African Americans or Latinos, with European American genomes being 98.6 percent European, 0.19 percent African and 0.18 percent Native American. In general, the numbers seem to agree with what one would expect given the history of American colonization by Europeans and their interactions with African and Native Americans."
Was he not deputy Minister  of police 4 or 5 years ago. So what has he done to eradicate crime. Fire two Generals who were not his appointees. Did  he not say that the police must shoot back but at what? It's a well written speech wonder who did it for him may be at the Saxon wold shebeen. You can argue until you are blue in your face Minister but the people who were severely oppressed by apartheid They were not even allowed to live in the Free State, today they are all the Professors  and top professionals. Why,  they suffered the same deprivation and exclusion as the blacks? Your  party talks of  a non racial society yet when I fill in accident claim form or applied for admission to higher education or medical aid etc, the forms always ask what race group are you?????
Apartheid had four racial classes :  White/Indian/Couloured/Black and the privilege/deprivation followed strictly in  that order for most things.  Per capita spending on education, for example, was 7/4/3/1 in the later Apartheid period.  In other words each Indian kid got on average four times as much government funding as his/her black counterpart. These and countless other measures are documented in the annual publications of the IRR.
"The Catholic Church, in general, has been slow to combat racism."  This may indeed be the case in US. When we were in South Africa in the late 70s-early 80s, when apartheid was fully functioning, the Catholic and Anglican bishops (and most of the clergy) spoke out strongly against the racism intrinsic to the apartheid lawsto the extent that the government warned the people "Romse gewaar, Engels gewaar!" (Beware of the Romans, beware of the English!). They had a real problem when the Reformed Church in Holland declared the teaching (and practice) of apartheid a heresy. None-the-less, everyone knew where ordinary folk, black and white, could get actual support in their stand against racism. The Catholic bishops were equally strong when they stood against the systemic and institutional injustices of dictatorship in Malawi in the 80s (not racism but none-the-less good leadership against injustice and corruption).   The Bishops do quite often do the right thing, and speak out against evil.
All violence should be denounced unless it is in self-defense. I hope you expressed the same about the violence incited by BLM.  (Dead cops, and what's up with burning down your city --- Black-owned businesses?)
Barack Obama:  best-selling memoirist, in law school elected as president of the Harvard Law Review, electrifying speaker at the 2004 Democratic National Convention, twice elected by popular majorities to our highest national office -- he earned those results.  He was not given them by an institution that favored black men;  in contrast to the favors given solely to white folks -- for instance, rentals in Fred & Donald Trump's apartments which excluded African-American families.  Such institutional favoritism of white people virtually defines white privilege.  Regarding your concerns about a divided America, surely America wouldn't be divided, if minorities (and women, a majority) would only accept uncomplainingly a status as second-class citizens.  This is the "again" in Trump's campaign slogan, and it is not what America is about.  We are a nation of the descendants of immigrants, escaped or freed slaves, and the survivors of genocide, trying to  make it work.
Yeah big news ADN....so what is going on with the 4 black people who kidnapped and tortured the mentally handicapped white guy? You buried the article so far down I cannot find it now. Why did you do this?
hmmm...this professional, educated Black woman living in Boston, begs to differ: (bigly) .  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/19/us/politics/trump-supporters.html . Just saying you have to be careful about your own, favourable echo chamber...
There is nothing that could possibly make what I wrote "utter nonsense" since it is indisputably true. You realize there is a historical record of the votes cast in Congress for the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and that the record shows I am 100 percent correct. It's a good thing you're not saying I am a racist, because that would be completely untrue. But nor am I "confused" as you are. Care to explain how you think I am incorrect about the CRA? It is incontrovertible fact that racists now vote Republican, not Democratic, in the main. They fled the Democrats when we forced through the CRA, and Republicans cozied up to them to break up the Solid South. This is simply a recorded fact of political history. That's not "absolving" the Democrats of their past, it's recognizing what's true right now.  Democratic policies have not harmed black families, they've helped them, as all families. Your assertion is not evidence. It is not racist to help everyone. Saying so is plainly absurd.
The YouTubes show there was some Black Nationalists there too.
The problem with this entire diversity thing is that no one is just a person, there are no individuals.  The assumption is that all persons with a certain physical characteristic (skin colour, genitalia, etc) share the same thoughts, hold the same opinions, driven by the same ambitions and have the same value system. You are the group you belong to, you are a hivemind, you cease to exist,  what "identity" group you belong to is your personality, your personality no longer creates your identity. So, in the end, there is no diversity at all, just monolithic groups.  Put another way: if someone said, "All Black people think..." you'd probably think that's more than a bit racist, and you'd be right. But, is that not what is happening here?
"...be interested  lol. You are not making sense at all, especially given the high rates of inter-ethnic and (recently) interracial marriages that pollsters register.  Americans fit into multiple different groups at once. And are you also sure your map of Europe is right? Might need a cartographer:  "...north of the Alps"? Are you trying to constitute a difference between Northern Italy ,where the Alps stretch (to note descendants of  Italian Americans from Northern Italy) and Southern Italy? But so many of the descendants of these have intermarried -- married Polish Americans, German Americans, Irish Americans, etc. That is the American way. Americans have multiple ethnic backgrounds. Blacks and Latinos are likewise intermarrying. Obama's mother was Anglo-American. Such neat categories don't exist anymore in the US. But poor whites (from Appalachia [mostly Scot Irish, Anglo], the rust belt, etc.)  and poor Latinos (and rich), do exist. But we all fit into multiple groups at once, too.
A very good article. It highlights the relationship between African Americans who dominate the NFL and the white middle-class population who watch these athletes in action. They get praised and loved as long as they stay in line. Say or do anything unpleasant and you get boos.  Colin Kaepernick is at worst a backup quarterback that with the right coach do very well. If an injured Geno Smith can get signed by the New York Giants as a work project, I don't see Kaepernick can't get a job in the NFL. He is being blackballed.  The violence in the NFL is directly tied to the short number of games per season. Every play in every game is critical. That's why the coach put Robert Griffin back into the playoff game despite being injured already. In baseball, there is 162 games so there is always tomorrow. Expand the NFL season to 50 games and you would get much less violence and injures.
Pal:  You hit on a very key issue.  All our systems of justice, public, private/personal, employer/employee should feature "measured" response, appropriate to the level of the transgression.  As you note, Ms Shurtz's transgression was not intentionally malicious...she did NOT intentionally mock or insult African Americans; and she immediately issued,IMO, a heartfelt apology.  Those petitioning and lobbying for her resignation/dismissal are seeking the maximum penalty available for a faculty member.  As I've asked previously, what would these folks demand if her actions had been intentionally racist in nature?  So far none of the petitioners or University administrators have addressed the question you raise.  regards, Gary Crum
Trump and his GOP cronies are punishing America for electing a Black man as president twice in a row. President Barack Obama. Now he openly courts renegade rogue state leaders as friends of the U.S. He also idolizes Andrew Jackson, who created the infamous Indian Removal Act authorizing the president to grant unsettled lands west of the Mississippi in exchange for Indian lands within existing state borders. A few tribes went peacefully, but many resisted the relocation policy. During the fall and winter of 1838 and 1839, the Cherokees were forcibly moved west by the United States government. Approximately 4,000 Cherokees died on this forced march, which became known as the "Trail of Tears." Jackson was also a slave owner.
Oh, yes. Grinning ear to ear.  American heavy-handed ham-fists are left holding ...? Empty air. Gotta love it. :) Progressive innovative companies put heads together and find a way to fix ..., er, Boeing's wagon. Lateral thinking kicks steroidal self-righteousness to the curb.   (The hypocrisy of Boeing - a company that has  enjoyed generations of subsidy in the form of military capital (both open and black budget) out of the pockets of a nation which never buys its military craft abroad. Pot. Calling. Kettle. Black.)
This is like saying there are blacks and whites in professional men's golf tournaments.  It's true, but hardly the full real truth as 95% of golfers in the tournament will be white or oriental.  That's the kind of thing that is immaterial to the right.
I suppose we should thank Ms. McGivern for showing us how the mind of Black Lives Matter works.  In only a few sentences, she fully exposes us to the glare of such overbearing prejudice and illogic that ignited --- literally ignited --- a town of 21,000 people, many of whom were innocent blacks who had to pay the price of that illogic and prejudice.  "I think if Brown had been white, he would not have been killed."  So in other words, Brown was killed because Officer Wilson was racist.  But both a grand jury jury and the Holder Justice Department --- yes, the DOJ that refused to enforce Section 8 of the Voting Rights Act to purge voter rolls of dead people and felons, and only enforced Section 8 when blacks were affected --- found that Wilson shot in self-defense.  And why not?  The evidence showed that Brown had just strong-armed a store owner, had tried to reach for Wilson's gun as he sat in his police car, and after that encounter, had come charging back at Wilson.    cont'd
I didn't just feel, I acted.  Long before BLM, I spoke to those students and took action consistent with the fact that black lives matter.  Long before THAT, I prosecuted black-on-black murder cases, and told juries that the black victim's life mattered.  You, of course, are not about to be moved by any of this ---  I'm so wounded --- because that would require certain admissions which you cannot afford to make.
Well, is Mr Davidson correct? South Africa is one country and if people choose to move from one part (say, the Eastern Cape) to another (Hout Bay) does that mean someone is "exporting" them?  And if there is a problem accommodating people in Hout Bay, does that entitle us to tell them to "go back to where they came from"? That is much like the black racists who have told me to go back to where I come from, which isn't anywhere in Europe that I know of, but Gauteng, from a mother born in North West and a father born in the Northern Cape. I used the word"exporting" only in the sense of solving a problem by transferring it elsewhere.  Let us call for illegal acts being dealt with, by all means, but why exacerbate problems by nurturing hatred and division?
Now, correct me if I'm wrong. Is it "Black Lives Matter" or is it "Black Lies Matter"?  It seems to me Syrus has a real power issue in his life. To bad he doesn't have or warrant any.
I'm not troubled by his being black; I'm troubled by his being Red.
In 2002, Saudi Arabia's religious police forced schoolgirls back into a blazing building because they were not wearing head coverings and long black robes.  15 girls were brutally killed because they did not have the time to put on a niqab while escaping an inferno.  The niqab is the symbol of a ruthless religous ideology and many Muslim countries do ban full face coverings.  I hope that Canada follows Quebec example; full-face covering should be banned from public places­.
Again, political thought is not protected. You are worried about the slippery slope? lol If the man i s allowed by the court to discriminate legslly, thst opens a big can if worms. Pretty much anyone can claim religious beleifs to enable almost any kind of behavior.  You would not have to serve black people or the elderly and you could claim religious beliefs. You are arguing for legal discrimination.
What defence? I'm pointing out that NBC is no better than the man they accuse. They're just the kettle calling the pot black.
We don't have 50% of our population unemployable for physical or mental reason.  We do have a lot of "Unemployable" people with criminal records, which is a growing problem.  When a 15 yr old kid can hotwire a car and drive it off in under a minute, he has employable skills, but if he gets caught, he's pretty much unemployable for the rest of his life.  I think we need about a 15 million man Army to give people like him 2nd chance in life helping the poor countries of the world by putting in coal fired power plants and water treatment systems so they can develop.  Kind of a Peace Corp with automatic weapons.  But 50% who are physically or mentally unable work?  Not even close.  I met a black man a few years ago who had been blind since his 20's, but owned 3 houses.  He told me about a convention in Las Vegas he heard about for transmission rebuilders who had a contest rebuilding transmissions blind folded and it inspired him to start his own business.   We have 50% with a bad attitude.
Everyone gets old and dies.  The answer isn't to kill everyone to avoid suffering.  Using that thinking you'd advocate for killing all the black baby boys in DC because they have a 33% chance of being shot one day, and a 33% chance of being incarcerated one day.  In Texas one out of every three Texans are incarcerated, on probation, or parole, so we'd have to killTexans too because they have a high likelihood that they will suffer one day too.
But blacks aren't committing more crime because they are black. Any group in similar socioeconomic conditions would mirror the rates.
The tragic attack in Dallas is emblematic of, I fear, an escaclating cycle of violence between radical elements of the Black community and the police.  Each incident of violence brings more violence.  Now, the planned execution of five officers will take this conflict to a whole new level.  I fear we're headed for some very difficult and dangerous times for all of us.     I think, fear is the operative word here.  As things escalate, fear increases and trust diminishes, leading to more liklihood of "untended" violence.  Then, add planned, intentional attacks on the police as we just saw in Dallas, and, understandably, the level of anger increases among officers.  On the "flip side", each questionable shooting of Black men increases the anger among African Americans.  Fear.....distrust.....anger...... a recipe for disaster.  Then mix-in our polarized and factionalized politics and beware of a nationwide explosion... IMO, we all need to work together to try to de-escalate things...
I disagree. It is Hillary and the bulk of the Democrat party who support groups like occupy wall street, antifa and black lives matter. They all share Alinsky's goal of advancing global socialism, formally known as communism.
It was wrong for Black Lives Matter to hold up the Pride parade in order to extort, yes extort unreasonable concessions from Pride parade organizers. It was wrong for Pride parade organizers to cave to that extortion. They should have simply said, "fine, have your sit in. Everyone go home there won't be a Pride parade today because we won't give into extortion by Black Lives Matter" If Pride parade organizers would have stood their ground, there may not have been a parade, but Black Lives Matters would have been blamed. But what has been done cannot be undone. It is equally wrong to pull funding from the parade because of the concessions extorted by Black Lives Matters. The problem is with Black Lives Matters. They should be uninvited form the parade.
hmmm, taking up arms to protect themselves against cops. Black Lives Matter!
In the over 30 years of Pride Parade the marchers have been predominantly white 1% Black? - the spectators on the sidewalk  have been predominantly white 1% Black - so how can anyone say BLM started it or people of colour started it - well Ahmed ? explain this "it belongs to queer and trans people of colour. You know what? They’re kind of right." - 1% of marchers and 1% of spectators and it "belongs" to them?
I lived in Oakland, CA at that time while stationed in the Navy. In the meanwhile, whites were given a slap on the wrist for powder cocaine. When rich people do crack it is called 'Freebasing', and to do a 5 year sentence you needed to possess up to 10 times as much cocaine as cocaine already cooked into 'crack'. The only difference is that poorer folks, mostly black suburbanites, could only afford crack and were given stiffer sentences accordingly.
Alaska Dispatch News Is ADN... it is a liberal left democrat run organization. Like a slave plantation in the south it's all about making profit and keeping people slaves to believing you are only safe on the plantation of being a democrat.   I am a democrat for this reason. Rich people that own other democrats get them to protest. We own the media and therefor own the viewers. We will use people on welfare cause they only vote democrat. We own them too. We also get away with anything. Look at Hillary Clinton. We own America and control it even if and when trump won. We still run the country and we will decide how we divide it. Funny thing is poor democrats and blacks still fight for our party even though we've owned them as slaves and now we do through college loans, welfare, and healthcare.
Huh? I don't follow. Are you claiming owning slaves is a liberal idea? It was the conservative South that opposed freeing blacks. Or are you confusing political party with ideology, since at that time Southerners were Democrats and it was the Republican party that championed social progress?
Well, in 2013, for example, Oregon had the lowest high school graduation rate in the entire country and Utah's that year was 83%.  Utah's  'educators' and administrators just aren't smart enough to know that they can get more money for doing less like Oregon's 'educators' and administrators do.  Utah also beat out Oregon in every demographic education category black/Hispanic/disabilities/dropouts; all of the ones monitored for both.    http://www.schools.utah.gov/data/Superintendents-Annual-Report/AR-2012-2013/GraduationReport.aspx
Yuppers,  They will undoubtedly have to hire a night shift to handle the crush of new orders!    But seriously it's actually God's way of celebrating that the black dude is no longer in charge and he decided to cover the country in white!    Obama's legacy will be a forged birh cerificate and social security number!
Bill, please give us the year and date that white racism didn't effect the law. It must have happened some time after 1968, when black folks were supposed to be allowed to vote.
With this type of injustice, is it really difficult to understand the hopelessness that some in the black population feel?  Two wrongs don't make a right, but I have a lot more empathy for the black population that's being murdered at the hands of racial profiling and escalating numbers of imprisonment.
I'm reminded of a scene from Owen Wister's novel "The Virginian."  The protagonist (the Virginian) wins a big poker hand over the villian, who calls him an SOB.  The Virginian replies, "Smile when you say that."  Insults can be joking among friends or they can be invitations to conflict.  Blacks can call each other "N@#$#" in a joking fashion; we "fat guys" can make "fat guy" jokes with each other;  we older guys can make "geezer" jokes with each other......all with the implicit understanding that it's a matter of "in-group humor" and camaraderie.  If the same insult comes from someone who  intends it to demean you it's a whole different thing.
Of course he will go against the will of the people and stand up for Black Block protesters, Guy Fawkes imitations and the Klan.
One of the silliest responses I've seen in a long time. It's amazing how someone half black or Indigenous is automatically black or Indigenous for so many circumstances, except when it comes to rightful dues. Anything to hoard what belongs to someone else. More settler mentality.
Yesterday Ms Waters claimed that President Trump pardoned Sheriff Joe because of their strong alliance with the KKK.  Please keep up the great work of progressives, Ms Waters!  But for your efforts most Americans never would have known how progressives in general and the black congressional caucus in particular rolls.  Now centrist Americans have a much clearer idea of what you, progressives, and the MSM actually stand for.  Thanks again!    P.S. Please keep up your demands to tear down all memorials you don't like -- e.g. Jefferson, Washington, and Columbus!
Well, she is a total snake outside of air travel, no matter how much much of her travel she (rightfully) pays for.  She's robbing us just by being there, she is the least qualified Education Secretary EVER, no exaggerations, she couldn't even answer simple questions about educational concepts at her confirmation.  She has an agenda and has done absolutely nothing to help the american education system, just things to force all of us to subsidize private christian schools.  For Christ's sake, she even said Historically Black Colleges and Universities exist as a great example of choice in education!  I don't care if the slimiest Republican replaces her, they will at least have some idea of what their job might be, which is a clear sign it is time to hit the eject button on this serpent.
Many of these men are deeply closeted and use "traditionalism" as an excuse to play dress up.    While I know Frank's while cassock is really modestly made, I'd like it if he tossed out the "dress" code altogether.  Maybe for him black trousers and white top with a simple pectoral cross.  All the rest, black trousers and shirt/jacket (or in whatever color is suitable for the climate in which they live).
While I don't disagree with the basic line of argument in this article, I do think MSW paints with too white a brush in his discussion of rural America. And specifically appears to equate rural with white. Democrats are doing just fine in the rural Black Belt of the South where African Americans live, rural Southwest Texas where  Latino/as live, etc. They aren't doing well with rural whites. It's important not to overlook minority populations in rural America in favor of whites in rural America. In short, "rural" does not equal "white" and too many analysts like MSW make the mistake in writing as though it does.
Agreed. But the kids are having fun poking the American eagle and the Russian bear to boot. For the kids black is white and white is black. And 39% is greater than 48%. Hope they don’t get dizzy by the end of the first term of the presidency.
Go to any university campus and you will see a black student union or group, same for Indians, Chinese, or what ever. They all look after their own self interest and are not called black supremacists, Indian supremacists etc.  BUT if white students were to start a white student union it is closed down by the university authorities so fast your head would spin!
Im assuming you think conservativism is the harriet tubman's of the democratic plantation thus the TEA party and Trump is the land of liberty in your view?  So the only african american public figures you could think of that havent been included in the museum thus far is 2 conservative republicans?  I can think of dozens of historic black figures that have contributed heavily to african american literature, culture and liberation movements. I agree diversity in thought is important to celebrate, but on the basis of great legacies. Justice Thomas hasnt achieved or pioneered anything incredible, other than being black and becoming a supreme court justice, would you say obama deserves immediate recognition too for being 1st black president?  I have major reservations with Dr.Sowell but highly appreciate and recognize is intellectualism and contribution to economics as a whole though.
I always enjoy and respect your letters to ADN.  I also grew up in Oakland but in North Oakland which is a far cry from West Oaklnd. My mom was an early proponent of the NAACP. The nuns at Holy Names had Huey Newton  and Eldridge Cleaver address us white Catholic school girls at an assembly before "Soul On Ice" was written. The Black Panther movement scared the shit out of whites when it became aggresive and threatening. That is when some institutionalized racism began to be addressed. Sorry MLK and Obama but strong oratorical skills are insuficient . Eagle River is 99percent white . Most of my well to do neighbors are indeed "a basket of racist and entitled deplorables" who absolutely cling to their guns and religion to defend their bigotry.  My son got kicked out of Ravenwood for wearing a bandana and " gang clothing" as a twelve year old. He just loved upsetting the apple cart.  Now in law school . Had the ten black kids at Chugiak worn Black Panther gear and held up a poster of
I think she is amazing. I wonder if Black Americans as a whole are becoming like there oppressors as they as individuals and a group find more freedom to advance in our American culture? I live in Knoxville, TN. Black people in Knoxville are in many work positions from bus driving to the front people at the state university. And most are black women. Wonderful. I think it's great. But with this freedom there seems to be an attitude. Or is it my first experience of a person expressing there rights as they see them as they have seen them exercised by other groups. I think there may be a danger to do just that. I say this because I have done the same thing in my life after I was an abused teenager. I grew up to become just like the two people that had charge over me. To my horror. Then spend the next forty years trying to become the person I thought I would become. Having to undo much of who I had become. I hope you understand what I am getting at. I am not biased but concerned. Thanks.
My goodness this is all the news talks about. It did not affect the elections so lets move on to something else. Why is every other article about this? How are the black hate criminals doing and what is the reaction from America? How about our Soldiers fighting for us?
It is ironic that long time civil rights activist Hugh Hefner died this week in the storm created by Black NFL players who are bringing attention to the fact that although many great things have happened to advance civil rights in America we are not there yet. As a 14 yr old in the 1960's living only in a white world Hefner taught me what racism in America was, that all citzens are equal but some citizens are more equal than others. And, we still are not there yet.
The Queen's Bush: "In the early 19th century the vast unsettled area between Waterloo County and Lake Huron was known as the "Queen's Bush". More than 1,500 free and formerly enslaved Blacks pioneered scattered farms along the Peel and Wellesley Township border, with Glen Allan, Hawkesville and Wallenstein as important centres. Working together, these industrious and self-reliant settlers built churches, schools, and a strong and vibrant community life. American missionaries taught local Black children at the Mount Hope and Mount Pleasant schools. In the 1840s the government ordered the district surveyed and many of the settlers could not afford to purchase the land they had laboured so hard to clear. By 1850 migration out of the Queen's Bush had begun." (Wikipedia)
" I'm not thinking about abortion on a daily basis." Good to see good old Tony Corcoran speaking out on women's issues-- so many men these days care only about their own concerns.  If we are to overcome our societal divisions, men and women need to care about each other, white and black about each other, Christians, Jews, Muslims and agnostics about each other....
It seems to me that it is white Catholics who need to be doing much more to "change the narrative".   And that could start with listening to hear what black Catholics and non-Catholics have to say about the experiences of racism.  There is much reading material out there.  The Sister Souljah  book that 2Be4Peace mentions is one; the writings of Ta-nehisi Coates is another; Michelle Alexander was mentioned on another thread.  These are just 3 names of many.  White Catholics need to become educated about the issues and then take positive steps to "change the narrative".
That's what they said in England . First they will go after assault rifles . Then hand guns . Then the rifles last . Many liberals see going after ammo as the way to eliminate the gun issue.  We all agree those with mental issues shouldn't have guns . The problem is that a person can be sane and have no criminal record and pass all the tests to buy a gun.  When something changes in their life--they lose their job , their wife , they join the terrorists , they get bullied --something , that's when they lose it and we see these terrible killings.  Every night and day across America over 250 million gun owners hurt no one. When one nut flips out , liberals flip out and think more gun laws will save us all. Chicago has strict gun laws yet blacks are slaughtering each other by the thousands and the laws do nothing to stop it.   Liberals will use the courts to shape our laws because they know they can't do it at the ballot box. While I hope you are right , unless Trump is elected we lose .
And I bet Donnie has a black friend, too.
A case study in hypersensitivity. The colour of a car "intimidates you"?!? Guess you won't be hailing a cab in London out of fear. I suggest everyone get on the website and support the most intimidating option (black on black). Maybe add a skull and crossbones too.
Como,  you are a black and white thinker.  Where did your family come from?  How did they come to the US?  What were the circumstances of their leaving?  Have you benefited from their journey?  Why would you deny that same opportunity to others?
You aren't reading very carefully.  I don't know that the Republican party is racist.  Too many of them lean that way.  I know conservatives Republicans who are racist in that they 'know' Blacks and Latinos are less intelligent and suited for certain kinds of work.  They know it so well they take it for granted, verbalize it readily, and vow to keep other races in their designated place. They would never vote for a Black politician because that person would then be elevated.  To them it is perfectly reasonable.   I've worked with teens for 20 years, and have heard high school students talking about going out at night with n******-killer clubs they constructed in Woodshop. It seems very funny to them.  Do you believe somehow these kids didn't hear that kind of thing at home?
Rights decisions are not made by the majority.  They are made when individuals are aggrieved by the majority.  You are trying to have it both ways.  Anti-segregation laws included miscegenation, which Loving v. Virginia overturned and which case was the foundation stone for Perry.  It only took a century to overwhelm the bigoted majority.  It has been done so thoroughly that, unlike race (where reactionary cops still mess with and sometimes slaughter black people), gay rights will mostly stand (and not even cake bakers can stop them),
The writer is a Marxist and poor black people have taken the place of the "proletariat". Remember the Marxist newspaper in Russia, Pravda? Pravda means truth in Russian. Typical doublespeack Marxist strategy. He calls his article the "truth" for Trudeau. My truth regarding Africans is many Somalians live in public Canadian housing and get paid for having children and get free health care. The last time I was in a government building about 98% of the workforce were black women and the person I was talking to had a distinctive African accent. I would guess Canada is pretty good to Africans. Hows that for your pravda Caplan?
Its Time for Bibi, Trump and the guy with deep pockets Sheldon Adelson (Casino King) to invade Iran. Lots of poor white people, blacks Latinos in the American army.
I think that it's silly when people use affirmative action like a dirty word.  I think that affirmative action is still necessary to create a level playing field.  When blacks are proportionally represented in all positions of responsibility and power, then we will not need affirmative action any more.  Until then .....
The black colleague recanted his testimony two days after the hearing. Have not heard anyone saying that Jeff Sessions ever used the "N" word and even Sessions himself says the comment about the KKK was a joke, a bad joke but a joke nevertheless. Blocked black judges from nomination and sitting on the bench when he headed the judiciary committee? Names please and who nominated them. How many white judges did he block? Are you aware that Sessions went after the Klan? Put one in prison for life and got another the death penalty? Are you also aware that Sessions got an 8 million judgement against the Klan and bankrupted the KKK in Alabama? Sessions has never been associated with the KKK or any other white supremacy organization. Did you support and like Robert Byrd? A former Grand Kleagle or whatever of the KKK? Voted against the Civil Rights act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965? Displayed racist leanings as late as 1968? And Byrd was an icon of the democratic party?
FYI: Abraham Lincoln was a "known racist."  Lincoln believe that blacks were intellectually and morally inferior to whites;  that's why he wanted them to be deported.  Racism was the rule, not the exception then.  Try reading an account of the battle.  Yank troops were given whiskey on a very hot day;  they proceeded to trash talk the Rebels, who were already incensed by the fact that those in the fort were thought to have been responsible for raping, pillaging, and arson throughout TN.  Then, after the Rebels breached the fortifications the Yanks failed to strike the colors and there was bedlam, followed by a running battle to the river.  Some accounts have Yanks continuing to fire after pretending to surrender.  Others have Rebels shooting Yanks who had surrendered.  It was battle at its worst.  Every account has General Forrest sending wounded blacks to Union lines.  Try reading one of them.  You will definitely know more than you do now.  Again, your take on "ugly" is irrelevant."
It is not an incontrovertible fact that racists now vote Republican.  And, yes, liberal policies did destroy the black family. Thomas Sowell also said "The black family survived centuries of slavery and generations of Jim Crow, but it has disintegrated in the wake of the liberals' expansion of the welfare state."  The Great Society made easy welfare available, but it required that there be no man in the home.  The black family was torn apart by liberal policies, "my babies momma," and that is as racist as you can get in my opinion.  You can offer all the big lies you want, and you may even believe them.  But insisting they indisputably true won't win the day.
Zille at least doubled the DA's voting base (from around 12% to 26%) by attracting black voters and Maimane is continuing the growth. At least half or more of the DAs membership is black and certainly way more than half of the DA voters were black in the local elections, even after accounting for low voter turnout. That's how they won pluralities in three metros and increased their overall majority in the Western Cape and places like Midvaal.
I liked the "Black power" fist in the air protest picture.  That was nice.
Day one of the democratic national circus, I learned that black folks make up 90% of America. The majority of the speakers were black, all the cameras in the hall were trained on black people, especially those seated next to a name of any kind.  All of the speakers were focused on pledging that all black people would have the same opportunity that Michelle had to watch her two young black daughters(her words) frolic on the White House lawn with the dog. All the videos leading into the speakers speeches were filled with black folks.  In addition they would all have the same opportunities that the speakers have had and their dreams were reachable.  Unfortunately for the Hispanics, they will need to wait along with the Asians and the white folks.  Remind me again, which vote is needed the most to win the White House for Hillary?
Typical response of the entitled white male with underlying racist ideologies, as if the number of black people killed by other black people somehow justifies the number of often unarmed black males who are shot and killed by law enforcement.
Then what you should support are programs that discourage black women from getting abortions. You should also support the main factor in avoiding abortions: Contraception.
Come onnnnnnnn just listen to the players for once. America isn't all roses for black people.
Actually, neither mayan nor aztec was spoken here. Navajo? Absolutely. Cherokee; apache; etc were all spoken here when the millions of 'Indians' or true Native USAers, were fighting against the less than 300,000 MAXIMUM spanish speakers that came to USA area. And oddly, the largest concentrations was in the northwest, not southwest.   We owe nothing to spanish speakers/mexicans/etc.  We owe the native tribes here are great deal just within my lifetime.  In particular, under reagan (and I worry about T), his admin stole money and resources heavily from the native tribes as well as denied proper gov. assist to blacks.
"Last time I was down South I walked into this restaurant, and this white waitress came up to me and said: 'We don't serve colored people here.'   I said: 'that's all right, I don't eat colored people. Bring me a whole fried chicken.'"  ~ Dick Gregory
Of course, Mr Pitts made no mention of country music, nor did he say anything that would marginalize any of the victims.  James just doesn't like Leonard Pitts.     Pretty much the same reason Trump doesn't like President Obama.  Pitts is a successful articulate black man.  James and Trump see that as a threat.  They're both insecure.
The only explanation I have is that racism is historical. For Blacks, it comes from slavery and the desire by some whites to have us return to that time and place. For Natives, it comes from the so-called winning of the west and the last frontier myth. Killing Indians. Again, it is the dream of some whites to have us return to that time and place. It all comes from a superiority complex some whites harbor because of those two events. That's my take on that.
I'm not really surprised that a large percentage of Muslims express negative views about homosexuality as this aligns with views in many other conservative religious communities. A 2015 Pew Research Center study of attitudes among American Christians  indicated that despite increasing tolerance only 54% believe homosexuality should be accepted by society. However, support levels are lower in some faith communities, including members of historically black Protestant congregations (51%), Evangelical Protestants (36%), Mormons (36%) and Jehovah's Witnesses (16%). Acceptance is highest among Roman Catholics (70%) and mainline Protestants (66%). Given the Pew Research Center results, it seems to me that the real challenge to tolerance arises within the broader context of organized religion, and particularly among those who hold fundamentalist beliefs.   http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/12/18/most-u-s-christian-groups-grow-more-accepting-of-homosexuality/
Factual history seems to bother you quite a bit. Fascism is and has been a left wing ideology. Fact according to American progressives throughout the 30's and early 40's. I agree that there have been some right wingers that opposed left wing political movements, even sometimes violently,  if you will admit that left wingers have opposed right wing political movements, also sometimes violently. While we are at it, excellent dissertation about blacks, native americans, jews, etc. You are a very intelligent writer and I may not agree with you most of the time, you do write eloquently and I always enjoy reading your comments, kind sir.
In Wikipedia there's a citation of a report in 2014. It concerns New Zealand the world capital of whale strandings. Some black mold or residue on the teeth of orcas. Could this be related to fuel oil? Or even natural oil from the seabed. There are oil deposits off the coast of New Zealand. And even on Kauai, Kalapaki Beach is on the mouth of a commercial Harbor. Stomach contents? Eweeeeu  Here's the citation.... Te Karaka, "The science of strandings', Te Rūnanga o Ngāi Tahu, 21 December 2014. Retrieved 12 February 2017.  "Scientists noticed an unusual buildup of tartar on orca teeth that they had never seen anywhere in the world. They also noticed a film-like black sooty mould on teeth which had been documented before, and may be something to do with the prey they eat.  “Although their teeth can give us an idea what is going on, this doesn’t tell us exactly what that is,” Dr Visser says. “There was nothing wrong with them in any other way, shape or form that we could see.”
Many whites join the Black Lives Matter gatherings. Maybe some blacks should also attend the White Lives Matter gathering. If they don't and don't support this group, then they truly are the racists.
Police participation in the Pride events in recent years was a sign of the reconciliation between police and the LGBTQ community after many, many years of conflict and mistrust. However, Black Lives Matter folks don't like to see reconciliation. They'll block it if they can. They blocked last year's Pride parade in Toronto, right after the massacre of homosexuals in Orlando. That showed how little BLM care about other minorities that are suffering discrimination, hatred, and murder. I think we should promote reconciliation. Let the Police and the LGBTQ groups celebrate Pride together. The BLM and Police communities should do their best to reconcile too, but not by blocking other peace efforts.
Actually you may be the one who is confused! Patriots? Are you one of these black clad activists? There is a group of "Anarchists"  which at one time was based in Eugene, Oregon. The FBI, and other law enforcement agencies have subsequently dispersed them, and as Mr Goldstein suggests infiltrated.  In the past, they have shown up at any protest event nationwide, that allowed them to create pure mayhem under the guise of "protest" knowing full well that the majority of citizens exercising their 1st amendment right would get the blame, and bare the brunt of the authoritarian response. These "hooligans" represent nothing but chaos and destruction.
MMA is very popular among the youth of today and so is boxing (that fight last Sept set records Mayweather). Hockey was more violent in the 1970s then presently today. The main reason hockey will decline is the changing demographics in Canada. Majority of blacks, Flippinos, Jews, Chinese follow basketball, people from Pakistan, India, Ceylon follow cricket and soccer is popular with south Americans, Arabs, Africans and old immigrants from Europe. The most watched sporting events in Canada is the Super Bowl, second is the World cup of soccer and third is the Euro Cup of soccer. All three have nothing to do with Canada. Canada does not have a team in the NFL, Canada has not been in a world cup since 1986, and finally Canada is not in the continent of Europe.
In the 1960's the very same words were used to tell black people (and women) that they should not protest against  injustice. . Just when and where is the appropriate time and place?
This is blatant racism, of course, but what's shocking is the author's obliviousness (let's hope) to it. It would have the reader believe African-American folks want "handouts" and are so easily bribed to vote because of its promise. Note, there is no mention of poor whites, either, who widely use federal programs.  And what of other government "handouts?" How about deductions that favor the well-off? Mortgage deductions? Federal subsidies in red states?  Why guys like this continue to pile on the poor is bizarre. Are African-Americans the reason middle-class wages have stagnated since Reagan? Is it Democratic policies that have enriched the wealthy through obscene tax cuts?  We've spent more on Trump's extra-security details than on programs for the poor.
Mmm.. Tom is being targeted because he is black. Have we not heard that before?   Questions that need to be answered: What happened to the investigations into the cigarette smuggling cartels since Tom took office? Who is investigating high profile tax evaders now that the investigating unit has been purged? Jonas Makwakwa? What about the investigation into his misdeeds? How come the Gupta brothers got away with declaring incomes of less than one million Rand each for the last couple of years? Drop the spin. Mr. Moyane should prove his competence and integrity by his deeds. It is not that difficult to just DO the right thing.
Are you mocking black culture with your "Kumbaya" comment?
Black percentage is 13%.
No, different argument. There were no "pre/post-operative" issues with blacks and whites and no pre-existing mental illnesses to deal with.
That depends on your definition of news. I assume providing stories without detail facts of exactly what the changes are in black and white, is sensationalism. It has nothing to do with news.
Great article.  Some commentators on here clearly didn't read it because it targets them and their troll like tendencies. I like the nonsense racist definition being peddled by some Ontario teachers, example. They should be fired for misinforming students of what racism really is. It undermines why it is irrational. I had this argument once. The person said they couldn't be racist cause they were black and could only only be prejudiced because of the wider social context of systemic racism. That is not a definition of racism but an excuse. Prejudice is irrational because it overgeneralizes. Racism is irrational because it prejudges on the basis of race. Racism by definition is the unfair discrimination against a person on the basis of race. Being black or a racial minority does not entitle you to discriminate.  Most humans try to be rational but there are times when they are not and they make bad judgments and decisions. That includes all races. I think that is accurate and universal.
Sorry, but in the "Blame the Race Game" you are not limited to pointing fingers at blacks. Once you start on the fool's errand of correlating the melanin content of the skin to aberrant behavior, then everyone is fair game.   Also, Einstein didn't discover nuclear fission (German chemists Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann did that in 1938). As a side-note, I think that using the bomb probably saved more lives than it cost.
From Leonard Pitts:   "In labor, a 2003 study by the National Bureau of Economic Research found that job seekers with perceived "black" names were significantly less likely to get callbacks from prospective employers.  And in justice, oh, dear God. Multiple studies have documented a system that, from arrest to incarceration, is heavily stacked against African-American people."    Mr. Homeroid, how is this either right wing or left wing?  These are statements of fact.    A question to you Mr. Homeroid, were lynching parties of old right wing or left wing?
Should have said "African-American homeowners."  The ones who come here from Africa seem not to be having problems buying homes.  I continually wonder whence they get all-that cash.
I guess you must also think it is funny when someone also call a black person the n-word. Your response is even more racist than Gurriel.
I feel sorry for PRASA in terms of railway lines, which sow the folly of apartheid planning ad scant disregard for the safety of black people. My sister's house is sanding less than 50 meters from an unfenced railway line. Needless to say people in that street, young ad old, have at some point had to check out a mangled body hoping it is not that of a relative. There is not a passage bridge between the township houses because migrant labourers were deliberately separated from township residents, wee hostels were like mini camps. Point is, PRASA can fence off the railway tracks, but they cannot guard them for 24 hours because the are along stretch. Whatever they use to fence off the tracks will ultimately be broken down unless the build a passage bridge., which will be expensive for a cash strapped company that has been looted.
"For example, a recent poll by Forum Research indicates that Muslims, First Nations people, South Asians, Asians, Jews and blacks are the most likely to suffer bias by fellow Canadians, in that order."  By itself, this statement says little. What, for instance, are the actual levels of bias expressed by those who were polled? And some in the identity-focused political community might be upset. Some activists have tried to convince us, for instance, that anti-black racism is a problem that apparently eclipses other forms of discrimination and must be addressed as a priority. But could their premise be wrong, as the ranking the author provides suggests to be the case? And I wonder what the poll's rankings would look like were it to include homeless people and the disabled, the two groups that realistically are the most marginalized in Canadian urban society (i.e. excepting First Nations reserves)?
Yup, Cyril is SA's first black white-made billionaire who nevertheless is an African nationalist.
An important article about racial hate crimes in Hawaii appeared in the Fall 2009 Southern Poverty Law Center  quarterly magazine "Intelligence Report"  SPLC nearly always focuses on hate crimes where the victims are blacks, jews, and gays; and the perpetrators are white supremacists, neo-Nazi skinheads, or Ku Klux Klan  But this SPLC article showed that unlike on the mainland, most of the hate crimes in Hawaii are directed against Caucasians.  And then, feeling a need to cater to its overwhelmingly leftwing readership, a separate SPLC article "blamed the victim" by providing a justification for anti-white hate crimes, citing historical grievances for the overthrow of the monarchy.  Sort of like blaming a woman for being raped, because she was wearing a short skirt.  See webpage  "Anti-Caucasian Racial Hate Crimes in Hawaii -- Southern Poverty Law Center brings the issue to national awareness in a flawed but valuable Intelligence Report article" at http://tinyurl.com/kkpf74
Once upon a time, they were called "communists."  Guilty or not, "they" were black-listed in America, like the Jews, blacks, japanese, germans, and etc.  Have they now become something else?  I get confused by the different names tagged for each group that does not fit into the "status quo."  Now if only I can figure out who the "Status quo" is?
First of all Jacobsen falls into the " creampuff college student" catagory. Black lives matter held up signs "Kill Whitey" but that was OK?  I hope Jacobsen and his ilk get off on picking on mentally retarded people practicing their free speech. Did he riot or block traffic like the children criminals did after they lost the election? Nope.
Your argument fails because many white people are a part of the Black Lives Matter movement. Black-run organizations exist because Jim Crow laws and segregation laws were designed to deny Blacks equality before the law. Black people had to organize themselves to remove laws which maintained their second-class status in American society. I'm white and would never feel comfortable at a gathering of whites that specifically excluded anyone who was not "white." The U.S. is a multi-racial, multi-ethnic society and Trump and his sickeningly un-American supporters cannot change this.
You only think that they are bigots because they believe 'white lives matter' instead of black lives matter....
There is some good controversy going on in the simone manual story. Check it out. Journalist is making her win about her and others being black.
Whenever I read articles like this my reaction is "the pot is calling the kettle black".  As a point of counter humor, when will the human rights record of the middle east come to Canada?  Soon, I expect, then we can get past worrying about what women, gays, and religious minorities think.
Exactly.  And, as much as Trump would like these people to think differently, his ability to affect the economy is MINIMAL.   The only real question is who Trump and Republicans will scapegoat when they fail to Make America Great Again. They run the whole show just like from 2002 to 2006. I don't remember that being a real good time, economically...  And how exactly will we KNOW when America is great again? What are the metrics? Will it be $.99 chili cheese fries every Friday at Denny's? Fewer black people? More freedom to grope? What??
Good laugh, this morning, bigMangione!  Thanks for that.    What's funny?  That it's immigrants--especially recent immigrants (say, since 2000) that have much to do with "this level of violence" in North America, at least.    CNN: July 24 2015:  "... since 1982, white people -- almost exclusively white men -- committed some 64% of the shootings. The examples are infamous. Roof and the Charleston church massacre. Lanza and the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Holmes and the slaughter inside an Aurora, Colorado, movie theater. Black people committed close to 16% of the mass shooting Mother Jones looked at, while Asians were responsible for around 9%. People identified as either Latino, Native American and unknown rounded out the study.  Aside from the fact that they're male, what's THE most common characteristic of these killers?  "Of those, 97 involved shooters who had either been diagnosed with a serious mental illness, or showed signs of one."
The village troll began picking fights early on by writing prickly letters to the RG mail room in the 70's. Targeting "heathens", civil rights, Dr Martin Luther King, etc., it's then on to the RG forum he's been kicked off of twice for tasteless comments about women, people with disabilities, people of color, non-christians, teachers and of course, the LGBT community. Relax, the outbursts of hysterical howling and cackling laughter are typical.
2 comments: blather, the whole Black Lives Matter [vs All Lives Matter] because implied by the slogan and context is "Black Lives Matter **Also** - as much as any other lives - because the problem it was addressing was the treatment of Blacks as though their life was some how more expendable than the lives of other people.  AND just because someone thinks they want to commit "suicide by cop", doesn't mean LE avoidably has to oblige.  Seems like now-a-days that phrase "suicide by cops" has become a free pass for blowing a person away, but the truth of good policing is that just because lethal force might be *acceptable* in a situation, it isn't always necessary or *mandatory* to apply it.
I think its time for Black to shake up the lineup...When a team is struggling to score runs, why in the world would Blackmon continue to be the leadoff guy? He needs to be a #3 or #4 guy. DJ should slide up a spot to take the leadoff spot.
But get you constitution right pal, allegations can happen anywhere and are always from small brained angry people, usually biased in one great form in their life which skews everything else and they are too immersed to see this, like my pal trump, a very unsmart man. People are innocent unless, and, or until proven otherwise. However there are exceptions, if the reporter is white, and the defendant is American African (Black). Or there is violence reported and the perp is American African. Aren't you the people who say: the truth hurts?  They, the former slaves, say: "the truth will set you free". Aren't u the people who held people captive for 600 plus years and with the other side of your mouth say you are Jesus who suffered for all men. The man who owns the world? And Jesus owns nothing, not even His own life sir. My life belongs to Him, He states give up your worldly possession and follow me, find out who Gods people are freeheels and find out who you R. U might reevaluate things.
It’s just a weird series of coincidences based on his not knowing any better that he hired a bunch of Nazis to his staff, won’t distance himself from the Klan, hired Kobach and Hans von Spakovsky and Jeff Sessions and his only governing principle is overturning everything President Black Man did. Really, it’s sad because he just means well and is in over his head.
You can't pardon somebody who's done nothing wrong. FYI being black and annoying you aren't criminal offences.
As good as your response was on Sherman hating war this comment is not accurate.  Many slaves were treated well (even very well).  Quite a few had better living conditions than poor whites had anywhere in the US at the time. It is not universally true nothing is.  But many if not the majority of slaves had at least as good a living condition as the average person in the population. There were lots of lynchings of people of all races black and white compared to what would be acceptable today and many more kangaroo trials. The reality is that MOST lynchings didn't bother with a 'mock trial' or a trial of any sort for that matter they just strung up (or worse dragged behind horses) the victim.  They didn't care about a trial they were already convinced of guilt.
Yes, it is the America the Republicans want. It's clear from both their words and their actions Be it violent riots to prevent liberal/black/Muslim/immigrant/women  speakers from speaking, mock executions and threats to kill President Obama, hateful rhetoric directed to his family or the right's constant demands for liberals to give up their Constitutional rights, the right is bound and determined to quash anything with which they disagree, in any manner they wish to us, such as blocking all of President Obamas legislation for 8 years, and blocking his Supreme Court nominee and colluding with America's enemies to steal its most important election.
Black bear pass 🐾
I know that hate speech is censored in this country by Human Rights Tribunals. But that violates the Charter and shouldn't be happening.  Also, I don't think racism is necessarily irrational although it is immoral. For example, I can imagine a racist claiming that Whites are smarter than Blacks. I would argue back that there is no evidence to make such a sweeping claim, but at least there is a smattering of dialogue possible.
Which part is incorrect or "uninformed"? You might not like it, but the truth is the truth. And if 400 years of anti-black racism on this continent against your fellow Americans doesn't make you angry, then respectfully you are part of the problem.
This is not the "worst mass shooting in US history". Sandy Springs Massacre Colo. 11/29/1864, US Militia killed and mutilated 70-163 Cheyenne, 2/3 women & children. Wounded Knee Massacre, South Dakota, 12/29/ 1890, 150 Lakota men, women, children murdered by US military. Today's massacre is an indication of an American society whose answer to differences is violence, whether Obamas Drone Murders, police shootings, school massacres, church shootings, now this. In my long history on earth, I was hoping for a different society after WWII. But it has just worsened.In spite of Black Coffee's living in a myth about AMERICA, we really are not a good society. So perhaps it is long past opening the discussion to what is a good society?  We know that all of America's expense on weapons, invasion of other countries has not made us good or safe. It has only brought greed and resentment.
NAP:  Somewhere someone is offended by each and every action anyone takes.  That's life.  Your comparison of the statues of Confederate leaders and Mr. Kesey's is silly.  Kesey is honored as the author of two renown novels.  Were he just a "dope fiend" he, of course, would not be so recognized and honored.  The statues of Confederate leaders were erected to celebrate the "southern culture" of the pre-Civil War South, a culture based on slavery.  Some were erected during the JimCrow era and others in reaction to the Civil Rights Act.  They celebrate racism and deliver the message to Black Americans that they are seen as second class citizens.  I trust you see the difference......Gary Crum
I"ve always found Lee treated pretty sympathetically by history.      Mixed feeling about the original statue removal.    The statue doesn't stir any emotions in Me one way or the other.   But then I'm not a black American that Lee and his forces wanted to stay enslaved either.   I can't know the pain, anger, fury of those who have lost family to American slavery.  To my knowledge I have no family ties to the confederacy - although as a 'mutt' it wouldn't surprise me.  History if full of stupid and hateful decisions.    It's  pretty much a consequence of human civilization.    How we acknowledge and react to past mistakes is important.   Personally I think we can honor Lee, Jefferson, and others who owned slaves, for the important work they did in their lives.   That can be done in many ways and doesn't have to include a statue.
Actually I think it might help if you didn't make such a big deal of it. I grew up in Native villages, but I'm white. There are Natives in my family, my sister married a Native guy, her kids are part Native. So what? We also have Chinese and part Chinese family members, as well as black and Thai. We're all just people.  Nobody discourages anyone else's culture, it's just natural to adapt to each other. Let it be.
Your last sentence is totally wrong and merely a reflection of your own biases.    You know absolutely nothing about me, my education, my work background as an attorney, my experience with minorities (Trust me, 20 years in the military gave me some experience in that regard) or anything else about me.    This is just your own biases talking out of your third point of contact.  I have no 'pity' for the violent-no matter what their supposed political justification, lack of education or lack of financial resources might be.    Violence should be met with incarceration at a minimum.  Violence resulting in death should result in the death penalty.  And I don't care what color they are.    The fact that most black victims are killed by other blacks doesn't give the killers a free pass in my judgement, either.
Sad to say business as usual even when black NFL players have died due to gun violence.   The 1% of dregs in every organization.
Funny, none of my elder in-laws (wife's grandmother's uncle was an escaped slave in Arkansas) ever fought for the Confederacy.  Average estimate of black soldiers fighting for the Confederacy is 6,500--less than 1% of Confederate forces and, more importantly, less than 1% of black military aged males in the south.  May have been as few as 3,000.  And this doesn't take into account that most were conscripted (it's not as if it can be argued they had any rights under the Confederates), and "volunteers" were frequently of the sort motivated by the desire to avoid starvation.  Military rations were better than nothing.  And yes, it was about slavery.  The first blow for emancipation was also the first blow for the civil war.  It was struck by the great Christian martyr John Brown (rah'matullahi alayhi) and his followers at Harper's Ferry.
Also, you're kind of making my point with the hypothetical "If the majority of people say it is okay to not serve black people in a store, that does not mean there should be no such law". Is it right then that there would be a law under that because of what people believe? I understand the point you're trying to make is that the law is the law and people are lawbreakers yada yada. But ultimately is it not up to the individuals of society to question the laws that are not correct or can suppress, demean, or otherwise force others into situations that they do not want or believe in? Would you argue that someone who still serves a black man in a store is therefore a lawbreak and must be held accountable to the law or would you argue that it is unjust for black people to have such laws against them? Would you argue that they do not have the right to freedom of expression/speech that would violate the serving of black people in a store?
What evidence do you offer to back up your opinion? None at all that I can see. And is there some reason, not evident in your log-on name, why we should assume you have unique, comprehensive knowledge of what it's like to be black in North America today?
Exhibit #1  Why racism is alive an well in Canada. And why we have a long way to go. Sports writer, who has seen prejudice and double standards up close after marrying a black woman,  offers polite, heartfelt non-inflammatory observation about NHL's response to Kaepernick controversy. Reader's response: 'this is the biggest race-baiting turd of an article I'll read this week that's for sure"
Warts? Warts are not the problem, strongly held beliefs are. The belief that government is the be all and end all solution for every problem that our country has. The belief that the average person who is not a millionaire, is law abiding, believes in God, works hard, owns firearms, and does not like the direction our country is going is a Deplorable individual. The belief that 5% unemployment is good, while 94 million working age people have stopped looking for work. The belief that America is 20 trillion in debt, of which 9 trillion came in the last 8 years, is not a problem. The belief that welfare life is a real alternative to a working life. The belief that government subsidies to a business that is not viable on it's own in the real world is a good thing. Politicians turning a blind eye to inner city killings while focusing on police killings of black men. The belief that illegal immigrants should be welcomed into America. These are our problems!
Where did he blame all black people?  He didnt.  Simply pointing out the liberal media's glaring double standards in the way they report their news stories does not make someone a racist.  His beef was with the media, and not with black people.  You did the same thing with me yesterday when you ridiculously claimed I was defending the KKK, when my post only addressed the media's double-standards in how they reacted and reported during similar instances concerning Obama and Trump.  Instead of whipping out the race card at the drop of a hat, maybe next time you should actually try to form a valid counter-argument.
Now, something to discuss, albeit, difficult here (lack of space). Did you notice your article link is US Federal Prisons only? ~175,000 in prison currently, if you follow Huff-Posts link to the .gov site. If you follow, then look at ethnicity see the overwhelming Hispanic (~60K) prison population, of which ~25K are Mexican non-citizens. Also, Black (~70K), so, very few non-Hispanic whites. And, also, only 1 of 144 Federal prisons is in WA state; look where they are! The facts'n'figures from your linked source are NOT WA state, so, it's good you're not attributing the Fed's problem to me (or us). As with most things (my favorite is the US imposing restrictions on ourselves for China's incredible pollution-but I digress, sorry) the issue is not solved here for the Fed's problems. And especially not by what is done in SnoCo by our county council! So, with that behind us, what should be done HERE for OUR problem, such as what The Herald has been profiling recently, the streets in Everett?
Anyone who can compare Trump to a racist should remember Obama's assessment of anti-semites: "Anti-semites can be rational people". Really? Like the KKK right: they want  to lynch blacks but other than that their "rational".
You should read what Trump actually said...and he NEVER endorsed the white supremacy movement.  Contrast Trudeau's bashing of legitimate citizen protests about illegal migration with his support for Antifa/Black Bloc thugs who assaulted police and peaceful protesters.  Now who is the one supporting violence??
A Hillary supporter speaking at a clearly anti-American military event has no standing to call anyone other than himself of having a black soul in light of Hillarys action at Benhazi and voting  record of  war related legislation...
These deaths while tragic are comparatively rare:  Only dozens of these types of deaths vs the THOUSANDS of deaths in urban environments by young black males.  just one city in one year:  Chicago, 4098 shot 738 killed.
The reality is that few Americans or Canadians are inveterate racists and/or Nazis. Sure, there are racist rumps in both countries (although there is lingering culturally engrained anti-black racial animus, especially in parts of the American South, and pockets of anti-aboriginal animus in Canada), but placing broad restrictions on free speech to address the problem seems intended not to suppress the views these people espouse, and will continue to do among themselves, but to curb broader public discussion of contentious and in many cases very important public policy issues. It seems to me the cure the author proposes is worse than the disease being combatted. If the author doesn't recognize the implicitly anti-democratic implications of his draconian solution, I fear that where the cause of protecting and promoting democracy is concerned academia has abandoned the project.
We can honor them "in spite of" their slave ownership.....not because of it.  At the same time, we need to remember the statues being removed were erected to honor and celebrate the "old South" of slavery and the JimCrow Era of institutional segregation and discrimination and are standing reminders (as they were intended when erected) to intimidate Black Americans and remind them each day who is "boss" and who is "boy."  Their removal is hardly "political correctness run amok".....rather, it's simple human decency.  I hope Mr. Bowers is offended by actions reflecting that decency.  Gary Crum
Also, was just thinking, also as what we occaaionally cheekily term, an "ambiguously ethnic," White/Native Hawaiian person of color, it would have been really nice to see at least one vibrant person of color featured in the many accompanying photos.. and, just walk a few feet in to the drum circle on Sunday, they definitely are not hard to find. Beautiful, otherworldly mixed indigenous African and Latin women with a style you won't see in any fashion magazine, singing in multiple, obscure tribal dialects; the Rastafarian community down there, the well known and beloved kupuna and various elder statesmen and women down there, many of them work hard to protect the people and the beach, especially our Na Wahine and keiki, and keep it pono. They also have saved countless lives from being lost to the sea. We thank them. <3
We should advance the notion of equal rights for all and SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE!  Critics will respond that without special privileges such as affirmative action, the results will tend to favour certain groups. It is naïve to think you can socially engineer ultimate outcomes. Further, I want my son to make it into University because he is academically and intellectually qualified, not because he is white, black, or turquoise. And if a woman is appointed to Justin Trudeau's cabinet, it should be because she is the best qualified person available, not because of her gender. Equal rights for all - special privileges for none. If indigenous people conduct religious celebrations in public demonstrations, Christians get to do so as well.  If we have awards for women authors, there should be one for men. And maybe we should have "Straight Parades" to celebrate heterosexuality! The possibilities are intriguing!
I got sideways once at 100 k on the Alaska Highway just north of the Kiskatinaw bridge on very black ice.  When I lifted my foot off of the gas I could feel the studs dig in and pull me straight.  Lived to tell.
Varna is a concept well established in the Muslim world too. From Pakistan to Morocco, lighter skin is favoured. Darker skinned people from Africa were slaves throughout Islamic history. Sudan's civil war was one consequence. The Bangladesh civil war was another consequence.  Pakistan's history, according to Pakistanis, started when Bin Qasim invaded Sindh. Most Pakistanis claim Arab lineage (because they don't want to accept that 90 percent were converts from Hinduism). Therefore, the Indus Valley civilization was an Indian one, not Pakistani.   And Lothal was the premier port of the Indus Valley civilization. It is in Gujarat, which is in India.
The story was about a young man holding up a handmade sign expressing controversial and bigoted views. My comments are my opinion on the story, and are not about your opinions about Trump and illegal immigrants. You've stated your opinion about illegal immigrants. But that's not enough for you. You have to go on some kind of personal attack while re-framing the entire conversation.  I stand by my comments regarding the long history of violence and racism in this country.  Maybe you're young, but I'm not, and I remember the civil rights movement of the 60s. It was in response to more than 360 years of slavery and oppression of black people that was so ugly that throughout the south there were illegal lynchings of black Americans EVERY WEEK through the early 50s.     Everyone "should" do everything legally, but in the US our leaders don't bother with those trivialities. The US has been committing genocide and war crimes for centuries, and still is.  It doesn't occur in a vacuum.
now let's discuss American human rights abuses and Trump's anti-Muslim and anti-Mexican stands.........Black Lives Matter!
The point of protesting is to bring public awareness. The issue of police brutality disproportionately affects blacks.  We're having the conversation. That's how change starts. Change was taking place at a policy level, until Jeff Sessions took over.   When that Australian woman was shot people didn't dismiss it and assume "it's probably something she did to deserve it" that's the entire point of these protests in my mind. Black athletes especially are using their very public platform to raise these issues and try to bring unity around them. The president attacking their patriotism in doing so is now a new issue compounded on this.
Monte,  Yes, there ARE government benefits given on the basis of race. For example, look at college admissions and financial aid. Being black gets you into universities with lower test scores and makes more financial aid available to you.    Yes, the EPA funded a major university study that was released early this year clearly showing that "acid rain" was actually an insect infestation. But then they buried it, put the university that did the study under a gag order and erased all references to it from their website. Where I work the study was erased from our data library. I have a copy of it, but am prohibited from circulating it.  I'm sorry that you think I'm living in a different universe, but I'm living in the real world where I've had hard, factual encounters with everything I've described. Political correctness has taught us so many falsehoods for so long that it is hard to believe anything else could be true.
Guess what? Pro Football players are just that, athletes.  Not a color, not an ethnicity.  They are talented athletes who play football. Well, except to racists that is :(  Anyone posting posting racist comments starting off with things like this "Why do only black people have to give up all but 100k of their salary" fuels hate and is racist.  I am a positive action person. No one "needs' 114.5 million a year. But large groups of folks needing help do.  Race-baiting is no longer tolerated, regardless of what race card one is playing.
There you go.  He's trying to establish a foothold in each general minority group.  Middle Easterners?  Check.  Latins?  Check  Blacks?  Check  Asians?  Check
I am sure Mr. Kibby does not like the president but his point I think has validity.  America the beautiful is a lot easier to sing and probably a lot more appropriate.  It is a shme we have a president who is so out to lunch and ignores black kids killed by  cops.  Orwell would be proud.
I'd like to know if they endorse the comprehensive Movement for Black Lives Matter policy platform https://policy.m4bl.org/  I certainly hope so.
What the liberals don't get is that you do not unite by demanding special attention to certain groups.  When you single out groups, you divide, regardless of what good intention you might have.  We who want a united country are sickened every day by hearing about this special interest group or that special interest group making demands over the general population.  "LGBT rights," "Black rights," NAACP, "Latino rights," "Women's rights," "The poor," and the labels go on and on.  Aside from being anti-White, anti-male, anti-reproduction, and anti-money, what do these labels do but divide us?  When has anyone in this administration praised one group over another or sought special privilege for one group over another?  The distinction this President makes is Americans and the rest of the world who seek to divide us and hurt us.  Meanwhile, the leftists criticize America and promote divisiveness through Alinsky tactics  Shame.
I completely agree with you Nhlanhla. Often time people are punished for the sins of the past when they have nothing to do with it. I dont deny that racism exists everywhere. I have experienced white racism. I have also experienced black racism. I have also experienced prejudice by people within my own indian community. To suggest that  racism  is unique to any particular race group is a prejudiced statement in its own right. Until we extend our human consciousness to the plight of millions of our fellow SOUTH AFRICANS who are suffering we will never live in a harmonious society. We need to get off our behinds and start doing concrete things that make a difference to peoples well being. Our discourse is being dictated and monopolised by corrupt politicians who stir up racial tensions to further their own agenda. In the meantime we have real problems..... 55% below the poverty line
From the words of Frederick Douglass:  He was no fan of "race pride," counting it a "positive evil" and a "false foundation."  For the better part of American history, black Americans wanted nothing to do with a color line that set them apart from other Americans.  "It has long been the desire of our enemies to deepen and widen the line of separation between the white and colored people of this country."  For Douglass, the only relevant minority in America was the minority of one -the individual.  The government of all should be partial to none."    "The politics of identity make the present a prisoner of the past, with individuals viewed chiefly through the lens of race or other arbitrary characteristics."   Douglass argued for identifying with AMERICA...!  Oh, if only we had more real thinkers today instead of people dressed as journalists who just want notoriety!  Thank goodness, we still have the words of people like Frederick Douglass, a real former slave!
The reason no KKK member or neo- Nazi wouldn't have voted for Barack Obama had less to do with him being black and more to do with his pronouncement that he wanted to fundamentally change America.  And Obama's successes in trying to fundamentally change America lead to Trump as president.  Such a small % of Trump's base is made up of white supremacists and neo-Nazis that it is ridiculous to claim that Trump was elected on their vote.  Even more ridiculous is the idea that the Democratic Party became pure somewhere along the way.  What the Democratic Party has done is to move from liberal to progressive.  That's why Southern Democrats are fleeing the Democratic Party, they don't want America fundamentally changed.
That's because they and their families don't pony up the money for good attorney's and they often cop pleas because of their guilt .  By proportion they commit more crimes , which explains why by proportion there are so many in prison .  During recent riots you didn't see large groups of whites looting stores and destroying property.  In Chicago you only see blacks slaughtering each other by the thousands . Hopefully Trump will work to reduce crime and has promised to help in inner cities where the black on black crime is out of control.  All lives matter and we need to get to work saving them. Letting drug dealers out of prison without paying their debt to society will just lead to more crime and repeat offenders . Shame on Obama for that.  Through his two terms Obama has always looked at issues by color . Knocking the police and not calling for calm.  He has fanned the flames of racism at every turn . I knew he would pardon as many as possible before leaving office . No surprise.
This piece should remind us that, while we've still got a long ways to go, we've come a very long way in the last hundred years regarding race relations.   Mr. Griffon sounds like a truly amazing guy; strong, yet gentle and kind.  I'm pleased to see the dedication ceremony and sinage placement which will give proper honor to Mr. Griffon and his positive role as a Eugene "pioneer."  Life for a Black man in early 20th century Eugene, Oregon must have been a amazing challenge.  Wiley Griffon met that challenge with quiet dignity and richly deserves the recognition and appreciation for his life and positive contributions to the community.   I've talked with Mr. Card about getting a copy of his article which provides a more detailed history of Mr. Griffon's life in early Eugene.   My wife and I plan to attend the ceremony honoring him.  Mr. Card, I hope you can bring me a copy of your article to the ceremony.    I hope to see many other posters at the ceremony.    my regards, Gary Crum
I AM a Southern white male, and I can say with some authority, that collard greens and cornbread are common SOUTHERN FOODS in both black and white households in the SOUTH, especially in small towns and among folks of modest means.  That said, I also note from the photos that they also apparently served pulled pork sandwiches, yet another common SOUTHERN food item, but yet no-one complained about the pulled pork.  I guess there are no unhappy associations with pulled pork BBQ.  Duly noted: everyone likes a good pulled pork sandwich.  Nice to know there is something on which we can all agree.
Assimilation of immigrants from Europe required learning to be white. The immigrants that got here before you resent and fear the new immigrants until they assimilate. That is how Irish immigrants were treated until they became white. There were "no Irish or dogs allowed" signs before the Civil War. They don't brag about it once they assimilate, that is part of the deal. That allows for the illusion of equal rights. Being white is a real advantage. For example, white folks aren't racially profiled. This even while the vast majority of mass shooters have been loner white men with guns. Heck, the GOP wants to give guns to mentally ill whites, while blacks can be shot for mere suspicion of being armed. That is white privilege in action. This made it impossible for racial minorities to fully assimilate, thus we never got equal rights in actual practice, to this day. All lives don't matter in America, they never have.
Ms. Forsman, no one wants to eliminate references to U.S. slavery.  What I oppose is "sanitizing" those references, and the historical accounts of those who perpetrated and defended slavery--many of whom committed atrocities and crimes against humanity it its defense.  That historical revision took place long after the Civil War, and long before the advent of Civil Rights.  Once again the specter of America's "race"-based double-standard rears its ugly head.  I have not ONCE heard any apologist for the Union try to "justify" or sanitize what happened at Andersonville, or advocate erecting a statue for Captain Henry Werz.  So why should Nathan B. Forrest, perpetrator of war crimes at Ft. Pillow and founder of the KKK, be "commemorated" with a statue?  Was the massacre of Union soldiers there less heinous than the murder of Confederate soldiers at Andersonville?  Why?  Because many of the former were black and therefore specifically singled out for murder?  Please explain.
651, please give us a year and date when white racism stopped effecting public policy. Then we can start studying how you have been disadvantaged by black people. To me, you sound upset that you can't beat black folks in a 100 yard sprint. That is your problem, not the guy that is faster.
Think you have something, here.  Interesting stuff on the CBC National yesterday.  Not conclusive, by any means, but perhaps indicative.  Reporter in Detroit got the usual righteous anti-Trump. anger from African-American female church leader.  THEN reporter spoke with  some middle-aged/early senior mid-west "Just folks" motorcycle enthusiasts out for a ride.  Said one white-haired woman: "I"m behind the President 100%."    The old quote, "He may be an SOB, but he's OUR SOB" rang in my ears.
My suggestion to post the pictures was not to point out what race they are. While I agree, the name leads one to make an assumption, we should never have to assume.    My point was to get their picture out to people that they may try hiding inside their establishments.  When they check in, their picture would tip them off to call the police once they settled in.  ADN is the only ones that worry about what race a alleged criminal is.  I don't care what race they are.  Let the chips fall where they lay.  White, black, yellow red, or green, it doesn't matter as long as they're wearing orange with a prison name on their back!
So, I am to cite my stats but you and Richard don't.  I guess if I were to agree with you then I don't need references.  Second it says "at least" which means it can be more, in the future I will be sure to clarify what "at least" means.  If you read my comment I say where to find them.  Richard's statement indicated that there were no male role models in black homes.  I am pointing out that there are.  Not only did I serve my country on foreign soil but I am also a former police officer.  BLM is addressing excessive force used by some officers, they are a single issue organization.  BLM=police excessive force, NRA = Second Amendment Rights.  BLM needs not address black on black crime anymore than the NRA has to address black on black crime.  You all seem to be very passionate about the black on black crime issue, maybe you should join in the fight to stop it.  There are many organizations and churches out there dedicated to that task.
You're talking about the antiwar movement. On Civil Rights, the "heavy lifting" SHOULD have been picked up by the state after 1964-65. At least this was the deal that LBJ made with MLK.   The fact is, though, that the federal government reneged on the deal almost as soon as the ink was dry.  After MLK's assassination in 1968 it was difficult for many people to see that the deal was still in effect at all: hence the Black Power Movement.  If governments want peace, they're going to have to honor that deal, and the most basic condition of it was that white supremacism is against the law. In other words, the AntiFa are only doing what the government should be doing: suppressing white supremacism.
They did, but in the darkness and chaos of a life and death situation, it can be hard to tell the difference between a 5'6", 240 lbs black guy and a 6'1", 350 lbs Samoan.  That's no joke.  More evidence that eye witnesses are notoriously unreliable.  This has happened elsewhere too. Ex. the Michael Brown case in Ferguson, where eye witnesses gave vastly different accounts of what happened. Even some people sitting in the same vehicle gave different accounts.
If, by your reply, you're suggesting that all the criminals are "black or brown", I'd have to disagree. But I guess your assumption is valid based strictly on the skin color of both victim and shooter. Don't let that convince you that all the criminals are minorities though.  These are kids. KIDS! Yes, they're all predominantly black but we have no idea who is pulling their strings and giving them their marching orders. That has yet to be seen.
A long time ago, in the 1960's-1970's my mother used to volunteer for a group called "Welcome Wagon" that used to contact new arrivals in Eugene and bring them presents, city information and coupons for local businesses.   At some point, some blacks moved to Eugene and the question in the organization (all white) was what to do with newly arrived blacks.  Would they get the same greeting?  Should they get the same welcome as white arrivals?  It made a very uncomfortable situation.  The majority view seemed to be that "Negroes" (the polite term at the time) would not be welcomed in the same way and  my mother left the program.  If anyone can resurrect a "Welcome Wagon" photo for a black family in the 60's to 70's I will be amazed and respond with admiration for the person who made it happen.
I think I remember reading this week that a judge in NC ruled that Black Lives Matter can't be sued because they aren't an entity.  The same would apply even more so with the alt-right, wherein anyone and the mother can take it upon themselves to self-righteously label/smear someone else as alt-right!  Nonsense from some limited number of evangelicals.  NCR is quick to over claim some statement.
Never mind "the elites" needing a crash course in populism, the most threatened group are non-white Canadians.  If anything, non-white Canadians should take steps to protect their persons and property from the Euro-Canadian populists.  One look no further than Bissonette to see what Euro-Canadian populists are capable of doing to unarmed people in a house of prayer.  Today, the target may be muslims, but tomorrow?  Blacks? Natives? Asians?   Likewise, the LGBTQ community should do the same thing, as they seem to be seen as a threat by these populists as well.  Watch your children, and watch out for those who exhibit the classic "lynch mob" mentality that was so prevalent in yesteryear.  More than anything, non-white Canadians should guard against the divide and conquer tactics where these populists will try to enlist communities of color to fight each other on behalf of the populists.
Is Kingwell saying, in effect, ignore anyone you don't like?   That doesn't work.   We already live, each in our own bubble. But it's a bubble in which we like to communicate at our own social convenience, ignoring most people, communicating with a few. It doesn't work for social harmony.  Where there's fear and terror and greed; insecurity, fierce competiton and unpredictable change, there will always be plenty of pain and hatred.  If love and understanding can't conquer fear and hate, informed ignorant indifference will only compound the enmity among individuals and groups.     But we can at least understand the societal forces that keep people always insecure by switching designating scapegoats. Today's biggest source of hatred isn't the divide between left and right, black and white, male and female. It's between haves and have nots.   That's the psycho-philosophical article that needs to be written on a daily basis: Why do the powerful create designated scapegoats?
Good column, Leonard, and thank you.  Want to know the truth?  Can the majority of us handle the truth?  Probably not, but I shall give it unto you, and them, nonetheless.  YOU, Leonard, are not racist.  I, Leonard am not racist.  Nor or a vast majority of individuals.  However, there ARE racists.  The radical groups, of course, from ALL sides that are allowed to exist.  The supposed Churches, or belief systems, and those that represent unto one side or the other should be included, of course.  But within pure honesty, Leonard, there is one entity that separates us more than any other, and that is our own United States Government, at all branches.  Judicial, Legislative, and, of course, Executive.  All of them, and I mean EACH of them, no matter the ERA.  America was healing from the civil war, blacks were beginning to attain not only equal rights, but the ability to attain their own dreams, and then came Woodrow Wilson.  The most racist President in our own history.  And a Democrat.
Because they fail to see how alike the holocaust and colonialism was. Two system that dehumanized people, oppressed them, turned them into second-hand citizens, deprived them of property and ultimately slaughtered millions of them (Leopold I alone slaughtered at least 10 million Africans in the Belgian Congo - arguably the largest single genocide in history).  Obviously they had nothing in common, right ?  Sarcasm aside, there is only two reasons they don't see the similarity.  1) Because the victims in the latter were black, and post-WW2 anti-semitism fell out of favour among whites 2) Because if they did admit it, they fear they may (like Germany) be obliged to pay reparations.
For anyone looking to take look at what happens in Chicago on a daily basis: http://crime.chicagotribune.com/chicago/shootings/  it is a war zone. Imagine being a police office when 11 people are shot every single day on average. "How was your day honey? Oh not bad, only 8 people were shot today..." Chicago has some of the most strict gun laws in the US but there are areas that are effectively run by gangs and they kill each other every day. In 2016, two people were murdered every single day on average and the victims are mostly young black men. Where is the uproar? 780 homicides in Chicago in 2016, where is the Justice Department's report? Oh I get it, if two gang-bangers kill each other, that's just a function of Chicago but if a police office is involved, the press has a field day...
I hope "I am not your negro" becomes a mantra, especially when T-rump blurts out, "Where's my African-American?"
Alaska Dispatch: Why have you not continually reported on the Tennessee mass shooting at a church 4 days ago? Your news article on it: https://www.adn.com/nation-world/2017/09/24/one-dead-six-injured-in-shooting-at-nashville-church/ . Was only posted for less than 8 hours and drew only 4 comments, at the time of this posting. . It is abundantly clear that the mainstream media is NOT reporting on this story to us because it does NOT fit their narrative: the killer is black, he killed a predominantly white church, and he was stopped by a good guy with a gun: . This is what drove Alice Rogoff into the ground (besides her airplane): not knowing her customer. If you won't report on it, then people will go to the outlets who ARE reporting on it: . http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/09/25/meet-the-good-guy-with-a-gun-who-stopped-a-mass-shooting-at-nashville-area-church/ . http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/09/27/tennessee-church-shooting-suspect-has-court-date-wednesday.html
Alcan was built in 1942, Gigi, you keep making references to Truman and what he did in 1948. Two events got nothing to do with each other even although you seem to think so. You also seem to think that everyone thinks that ALCAN  project was an all white thing but people who studied history knows that it isn't. Ignorant people can think anything they want but if they want to know, they have to read and study. Alcan was initially an all white effort until they were reinforced by four black engineer regiments. They made up 33% of the work force. Simple fact is, Gigi, just because YOU didn't know, doesn't mean other people didn't know. I have known about black contribution on the ALCAN since the 1970s. Its not that hard to figure that out even back then. I didn't say anything about Code Talkers outside of saying that the Nicholas Cage movie about them is a joke and an insult to the real talkers. You shouldn't mixed 1942 event with 1948 events.
In my opinion, this officer was wrong in shooting this man in the back and should be held accountable for his actions. I will say that I have heard that the jury is comprised of 11 whites and one black person. I would find it very interesting if the one juror who could not convict was the one black person on the jury. I wonder how the left and others will react to that? Just curious.
I am so confused with the meme Black Catholics must....It sounds like a hashtag a Catholic. slave owner would use if  twitter and such existed before the Civil War. There is so much reconciliation that   must be done for  the  past racism of the Rc and the present sate of complicity in the swarm of alt right subtle support by clergy and others who supported a president that took a day to walk a way from statements by David Duke. "Black Lake Me" is still a must read for all Catholics.
The ball field shooter was described as a normal Democrat, not a Democrat in quotes. Two die in Portland, a Muslim girl was beaten to death in VA, a black soldier murdered in Maryland. And Fox and Radio pump out fear? While you side is pumping of fear that the Russians interfered with the election, but no votes were affected.  What was said on Am radio or Fox that led to these killings?   If what Jones, Coulter or Nugent is responsible, then CNN, CNBC, ABC,NBC,ABC, The Washington Post and The Time are equally responsible.
"The suspect is described as a black male in his late-teens or early 20’s. He is described as having a slim build and short hair."  KTVA news.   Include a detailed description of the criminal, if the victim gives one.  Political correctness crime fighting makes everyone guilty.  No need to help the perpetrator disappear so he can strike again in a few days.
It's amazing how you can escape jail when your rich but when your poor you cannot.  This really lends credence to black complaints about unfair treatment.  If he was black and poor you think this would have happened?  Losing a lot of respect for the Bowlen family here.
Elvis?! That's a joke, right? He stole his act from black R&B stars, was a terrible actor, then became a degenerate druggie who died on his toilet. Yeah, a shining beacon for America.
Thank you, for being the only person I've seen so far, who actually has a clue. Thank you for not making an apples to oranges comparison to Black Lives Matter. Thank you for not cheering the police for a job well done.   THE story here is the failure of the system to either properly punish him for the crimes he committed or locate him after firing shots at them!? I read the ADN every day- where was the story about "shots fired near officers in Government Hill" or "man wanted for making terroristic threats" ?   This was a failure of the system, and the community. It was a failure of the gun owning roommate to secure his firearm. It was a failure of communication, a failure of sentencing.   It has NOTHING to do with Black Lives Matter. He was not shot for a broken taillight. He was not shot in the back while running away. He was not choked to death. He was not beaten to death while in custody.   THANK YOU, for giving me one breath of fresh air in this sea of inanity.
This was proven beyond a doubt when the Dallas Cowboys, after much discussion between players, coaches, and owners, decided to kneel BEFORE the anthem was played in solidarity for the protest against police brutality toward black people.  They stood for the anthem. Got that?  They still got booed for kneeling.  They got booed for exercising their right to protest white supremacy.
There's lots of reasons why some groups of women get abortions more than others and they're generally economic but why you'd be bringing it up as if you care or as if it has anything to do with you GBA is really silly. You don't care that black women have a higher poverty rate or that women, in general, have a higher poverty rate compared to men, in general, so why are you even bringing it up?  What is more, the answers to the questions you pose to Mr. Dalton you could easily answer by doing a little research yourself. In poorer countries, like in poorer communities, white and black, there are higher homicide rates compared to groups and communities that are fortunate enough to be better off economically. Most of the criminal activity engaged in by the affluent goes probably goes unpunished with the help of lawyers, Donald Trump is a case in point. Next topic: Why do men commit the vast majority of violent crimes?
This minister is no intellectual: the thoughtless will always be the prisoner of other people's thoughts.  All he and the ANC are capable of is blaming whites (and in this case a not so black ANC member) for their corrupt policies.  It is clear, their only economic plan is to distribute the wealth of SA citizens (whites),  to immigrant Indians and those appointed by Zuma and to transfer the "white wealth" to Dubai.  Any one is free to buy shares, even one share per month and share in the so called wealth on the JSE, which are the job creators. Land in itself does not produce wealth, if this was true, then the traditional leaders and their subjects would have been the wealthiest people in SA.  Perhaps this minister should pay attention to crime in SA and not try to write "columns". To quote Engels, and 20th century communist ideals is so yesterday, and not worth reading.
"if a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.” --- Allow me to doubt that. Look up the PSDB faith advisor's guest last year.
Give him a break.  Accidents happen, this was one.  He was very lucky that no one was hurt.  I give him a lot of credit for running TO the bus and not running and hiding.  Neil Black, if you don't like guns, move to England and become a servant to the queen, that is where you would be if it weren't for guns in America and brave men who died protecting your first amendment right to post here.
But that's the thing: The DA only has white voters to lose, as things stand. They can't bargain on gaining black voters, especially since they haven't been making much progress in this regard, and especially not from someone like Maimane who I do not think appeals to the majority of black voters in the slightest.
White soldiers outnumbered blacks by a ratio of 8-1 and natives by a total of 100-1    WW2 stats. FYI all are to be applauded.
I'm sorry but it is a delusion. What would you say if I told you that I believe I am actually a black male incorrectly born as a white male?  What if I had surgery to pigment my skin and change my hair characteristics to appear as a black person?  Would you tell me that yes, I was now a black male?   Tragically many people are born with numerous disabilities and medical issues.  The answer is not to confirm a delusional belief, but to assist the person in dealing with their specific issue. It is a cross that many must bear in this world we live in.
Peter calling the kettle black. Typical response from you attack and call names.
Those inner city families can't move to better neighborhoods because they can't afford to. To reach adulthood with a functional education those kids have to run a gauntlet of gang recruitment and bullying, and underfunded schools with depressingly broken down facilities, few books and crowded classrooms. In my inner city experience with black neighborhoods, parents who could afford to sent their children to Catholic neighborhood schools, but few private non-profit schools will establish in poor neighborhoods. The non-profit label is a lie. Those schools pay high administrative salaries to entrepreneurs who typically own multiple schools. Those would be big businesses owned and run by businessmen, not educators. Perhaps you think that would be an improvement.  It doesn't sound as though you have spent any time reading decent critique of charter schools. Given your sanguine belief that privatization is always better, it's clear you don't understand the realities.
Hi, black Canadian here. Millennial, born here, not an immigrant. Childfree, work full-time, would not have it any other way. Nobody asked me, though!
sorry, but again, it goes too far, all too often.  For example, Liberal Comedians such as Kathy Griffin, Bill Maher, and Chris Rock have all complained that things are so bad on campuses that they will no longer speak at these.  I have no doubt that George Carlin would have been drowned out by boos or even ran out by today's liberals.   Note that I am opposed to using the N-word, but that has to be stopped by ALL OF US. The idea that blacks, women, etc get to use it is about as racists as the word itself.   And while I do not use racial slurs (other than the n-word), I do not oppose them being used by comedians, either left or right.
"Hatred for Trump voters also leaves the Democratic Party more removed from working-class pain. For people in their 50s, mortality rates for poorly educated whites have soared since 2000 and are now higher than for blacks at all education levels. Professors Angus Deaton and Anne Case of Princeton University say the reason is “deaths of despair” arising from suicide, drugs and alcohol."  It's not just  “deaths of despair”. According to a documentary I watched a while back, the health of an individual, or a neighborhood, in the US depends on class -- the less money you have the more likely you are to be sick. The main reason given was that working-class people are under more economics stress. Most middle-class people simply don't get this.  The main political conflict is not geographic -- rural vs. urban -- or Democrats vs. Republicans, it's class against class. What's good for the rich and middle class, if only in the short run, is not good for the working class and poor.
Gunalchéesh! [Tlingit], Thank you [English] ... In accordance to measure, HR 4238, [The measure struck the terms Negro, American Indian, Eskimo, Oriental, Indians, Aleut and "Spanish speaking individual of Spanish descent" from those laws and replaced them with Asian American, Native Hawaiian, Pacific Islander, African American, Hispanic, Native American and Alaska Native.] As an Federal Recognized Tribal Citizenship, Alaska Native, I applaud this action by our assigned Federal President of United States which governs our Federal Lands in our States.  Have a bless day, readers~
I look forward to future columns.  "The motive or lack thereof doesn’t matter: Lightning strikes are always terror"  "The motive or lack thereof doesn’t matter: Earthquakes are always terror"  "The motive or lack thereof doesn’t matter: Freeway pileups are always terror"  "The motive or lack thereof doesn’t matter: D-Day by the Allies was terror".  "The motive or lack thereof doesn’t matter: Canada's acts in WWII were terror".  "The motive or lack thereof doesn’t matter: Canada's Korean War acts were terror".  Anytime anything happens that kills lots of people, it's terror. Black plague? Yup. Smallpox? Yup. The flu? Yup.  Terror, terror, everywhere...
yes, it does. You keep avoiding the fact they reclassified pot as a narcotic more dangerous than heroin. This is blatant perjury. yes, opium was banned, the Chinese smoked it. These laws criminalizing drug use are as racist as they come. It's not different than when crack convictions were far more harsher than snorting cocaine. White wall street bankers snort coke, black people smoke crack. The laws are racist history from day 1.
Black racism?  Who would have ever thought?  This is the only country I know of that can promote one race over the other and call it civil rights.  My suggestion to anyone of this woman's ilk is if you cannot progress on you own perhaps you were not destined to be there.  You should therefore look for employment in another place.  Please take you racist feelings with you and learn to be a little more tolerant of others, regardless of the color of their skin or sex.
We all knew this would happen. We always picking on Blacks Where's the ACLU, BLM, jesse, al, frerdericka and Barry?
FYI.  Blacks were originally sold into slavery by black slave traffickers in Africa.  Indeed, slavery is still practiced in Africa.  As to the institution of slavery in Western Civilization, it has a long history. Plato & Julius Caesar as well as nearly all of their peers owned slaves.  It's too bad that Al lives in a state of denial.  But slavery in 1861 was entirely legal in most states and all of the territories, per Dred Scott, the Constitution, and settled law.  Lincoln and his accomplices chose to abridge this legal right originally by stating that slavery would be restricted just to the South.  A rough analogy to Lincoln's scofflaw disaster would be if Trump and the pro-lifers stated that the Roe decision was not applicable and that abortion would be banned.  You can imagine what the reaction of feminists and progressives would be.  Killing innocent, defenseless babies is worse than slavery, but the law is the law; if it isn't respected, then the consequences can be horrible.
Well, if you think that "driving while black" doesn't happen and that the people hit with it can't do anything about it, you do not know what it is like to be black in the US.   If you actually do have a law practice and deal with African-Americans, then you have not been listening to them.  Oh, and if you think that there aren't any black people in and around Chicago, you know even less than I thought you do.
Go Trump!!! I was always against school's affirmative-action biases.  I am NOT White either. In California, Orientals (Chinese, Japanese, Koreans, etc.) who scored high were denied acceptance into UC-Berkeley to make room for Blacks and Latinos. Entry should be based on test-scores.
Um, hello?  So you are in favour of using pejorative stereotyping of large groups of (actually diverse) people?  Uh, okay, a lot of angry folks way down south are going to like your way of thinking.  Some Chinese folks do not drive well. Some Black women are mothers on welfare. Some natives are alcoholics.  Shall we apply blanket stereotypes there as well, then?  Maybe Mason could write about Native folks on reserves and tell them that not everybody living in towns across Canada are jobless and drunk and they need to learn a thing or two.  That is the destination of the stereotyping-is-okay-on-diverse-groups approach...
I've not read any of them.  Sycophantic 'biographers' are a dime a dozen. I'd rather read actual reporting of things he's actually done - like leading the biggest lie movement ('Birtherism") for five years. Like bankrupting casinos (and 4 other companies). Like taking out full page ads to say that innocent black youths should be put to death. Like getting caught denying housing to blacks - twice. Like removing minorities from their jobs to appease racists at his golf courses. Like grabbing women by the pussy because you can get away with it if you're a celebrity. Like losing a BILLION DOLLARS in one year.  Et cetera.  You apologists are a funny (and selective) lot about what you'll 'read' about the man.
Well that sounds like black privilege to me.   I'd kinda like some black privilege for  a change.  You know, like Michael Jordan or Snoop Dog or Lil Wayne or maybe Aliko Dangote  https://www.forbes.com/profile/aliko-dangote/
Oh man..., no one is trying to "wear" anyone down from the left.    Ask a black man who has been worn down over the years?  I am pretty sure you will get a long list of examples of "wearing people down".  Ask a Hawaiian if they have been "worn down"?  Read some history and try to learn from it.   You are correct,  KKK members have to work hard, raise a family and they are busy people too...  But when they come home at night and sit at the dinner table and spew their philosophy about the world to their family,  don't you think that keeps the ignorance alive and well in society?  When ignorance is allowed to stand, even at the dinner table, it survives.  The left is trying to educate Americans.  Wake up America.  Stop the ignorance and the "I am too busy living" excuse for apathy and ignorance.  Everyone is busy and working hard.  That is no excuse for racism or ignorance.  It is that simple.   You are being worn down by the left - It is called the "truth".
Bismark my dear Bismark is a heavily populated area (With 71,167 people, Bismarck is the 2nd most populated city in the state of North Dakota) that the pipeline would have to cross numerous streams, and roadways.  The tribe's water intake is 70 miles away from this spot. Lastly, is it because a lot of Black people live in Bismark, or the big American Indian population there?
Horse manure.  Apparently Barack Obama; Dr. Ben Carson (son of poor single mother); Gen Colin Powell; etc etc etc., All were able to 'unrig' the system and succeed despite the evil White Man 'keepin' 'em down'. Ahuh...Riiight...  And just WHY are Blacks not getting the education that can raise One up out of poverty? Billions of $$$$$ have been spent since the inception of "The Great Society"and still poor Graduation rates. The problem is the lack of good Fathers!
Quiz:  In 1850, what percent of U.S. citizens owned slaves?  What would your guess be?   25%?  35%  55%?  Not even close.  Only 1% of Americans.  In fact:  At the peak of black slavery in the South, only 6 percent of Southern whites owned slaves. If you include the white people in the North, it means that only 1.4 percent of white Americans owned black slaves at the HEIGHT of slavery. Also, an estimated 3,000 blacks owned a total of 20,000 black slaves in the year 1860.  Many people are living in a long-ago past that never existed.
Agreed. The Quebecois society should stop targeting minorities. Agreed again: Quebec risks becoming Canada's Alabama.  Except that even in segregationist Alabama, no one went into a black church and murdered six people. Quebec's stain, by contrast, is truly shocking.
I am dyslexic. I have a hard time remembering  names and faces.  Does that also make me racist if the person with a convoluted  name  is black despite my problems with white people named Jones?
Has everything to do with the DACA situation. Black Americans are dying in the streets of Chicago and the Democrat Party is out chasing rainbows.
Oh, yes, "soft: bigotry.  It's like climate change: it's conveniently unprovable.    Do you want to know why black job applicants and renters are a red flag for hiring managers and owners?  Good-intentioned anti-racist laws that encourage black people (and others, btw) to sue for illegal termination when they are terminated or evicted for cause.  So if that's soft bigotry, then maybe you should encourage your liberal legislators to stop making laws that create race/ethnicity/gender wars in the workplace.  Fear of litigation is the new racism. For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
Fact is a study came out of Harvard concerning police shootings. The author is a American-African. In large urban areas the police response is more aggressive in some cases, dealing with gangs, but not shootings. Overall, the number of citizens shot/killed by police shows no disparity or a racial bias. Hence, the number of whites, blacks, Hispanics ... is evenly matched and not by percentage per capita. So the conclusion, all of us, that is all of us, have the same chance given approach and response of taking rounds from police. Anchorage this week is an example. The last American-African I recall being shot and killed was a guy named "Smitty" by a trooper on Tudor Road behind that cowboy bar that's gone, over 35 years ago. Most shot and killed in Alaska are white, then natives.
According to the Southern  Poverty Law Center.  There have been 867 hate incidents since the election.  Anti-Immigrant (200), Anti-Black (187), Anti-Semitic (100), Anti-LGBT (95). Anti-Muslim (49), Anti-Woman (40) and the rest a mix of others.  I find it interesting that Mr. Blair doesn't even mention anti-Semitic incidents in this piece despite the fact that hate crimes against Jews account for the 3rd highest amount of reported hate crimes and highest of all hate crimes against religious minorities.  Granted most of this article was simply quotes by others and Mr. Blair does have a link to a BBC piece that documents it all, including the anti-Semitic incidents.  I only point this out because it is further evidence of what appears to be long-standing bias at Civil Beat, something I have been complaining about for years.  Civil Beat is blind to anti-Semitism, even more so when the offender is an immediate family member of a top CB reporter.
The Trump manufactured NFL nonsense has its moments. At a press conference this afternoon Sarah Huckabee Sanders stated that Trump regards the NFL foolishness as a "black and white issue". I suppose those words can be afforded many interpretations but...........
That is what many white people told blacks in the south. "You need to get rid of that chip on your shoulder now go sit in the back of the bus."
I've been to protests against things I don't contribute to and have contributed to things I've never physiclly protested for. It's like black lives matter, people get upset that they don't say all lives matter but then susan b koman is in the fight for breast cancer but that doesn't mean they don't care about brain cancer, it's just not their focus but I guarantee they care. They just don't do a brain cancer march in addition to the walk they hold. If everyone would listen to why kap protested and just judge the merits of that. People also need to in my opinion not be so self centered ie: It's disrespectful to the troops. They don't speak for me. That N Korean group think.
Who have those folks raped, tortured, denied Constitutional rights, murdered. or profiled as criminals with the support of government? Does their behavior match the body counts of the white racists and their collaborators? Has anyone profiled you as a criminal for merely being present in public? If you don't have a good life, it is not because of any black folks. Take responsibility for your life choices if you are unhappy about your station in life. No organized group of black folks care about you and your life. There is not much they could do to you even if they wanted to, which they don't. Staying free and alive take up most of their time and energy. BTW, vandalism is not the moral equivalent to murder.
I know you are pro life.   Does that mean anti-war?  Against harsh punishment for crimes?  Concerned about the disease, violence, abuse generally found in area's of poverty, black, white, urban, rural?    Failed schools that can't provide a quality experience for children.   How about the young adult who dies of violence, the middle age man who dies from heart disease.  How about the old woman who is cold in house that she can't afford heat?  I understand your feeling that the life starts at conception.    But if love means acceptance and defense of a life, it has to be continuous through the death experience.   The adult is already rooted in the fetus, we know the genetics and contribution to the child.   'The child' that feels love/hate, fear/security, happiness/pain, remains a part of all adults and shapes us in some way.   Every person in this room can remember significant childhood events.  Being pro-life should mean more than anti-abortion.  I bet it does for you.
Bill, you're right, there's a lot of black racism that doesn't get called out in this politically correct American world we live in.  Some of it a lot worse than what you describe.  Example:  those white men in Kansas City who were murdered by a black serial killer who had explicitly talked about his hatred for white people.  Ask those men, or rather their families, if they feel they have benefited from this "white privilege."  Look it up:  this case didn't get terribly much publicity in the press, but it is there for those who want to see.    I believe that for the most part, what we make of life is our responsibility.  America is far different from what it was 50 years ago, and has been for most of that time.  Sure, growing up in a violence-ridden black slum in a place like Chicago is tough.  So is growing up in an opioid-ridden rural slum.  I don't hold the inhabitants of either place totally responsible for their situation.  Nor do I totally exculpate them, not by a long shot.
Barack Obama calls himself black.
"A black Oklahoma State University lecturer says he is renouncing his ordination as a Southern Baptist minister because of the racism he sees within the country's largest Protestant denomination."  Racism is the reason the southern Baptist Convention exists in the first place.  Before the civil War Baptist from the south didn't want to be associated with some northern Baptists with mild abolitionists views.
I was born into and raised in the military as a military brat.  I went on to serve over 23 years myself.  I have seen just a small portion of the racism out there so stories like this seem surreal to me.  The military made everyone green, not black/white/red/yellow.  Racism is ugly and thankfully, it's no longer socially acceptable to the great majority of Americans.  However, it does still exist and in some ways has grown. Because of the changes in our society, racism has actually spread to more than just white racists.  We are now all truly equal as we have racism in all ethnic groups.
Rappers used to brag about being the “Black Donald Trump”.
Aided by easy access to guns in the US, thanks to the NRA that opposes any limit on guns on the behalf of the gun manufacturers. The NRA didn't always oppose gun laws until it was taken over by right wing extremists in the 1970s in reaction to black people gaining rights to move into their neighborhood and kid's school.
Isn't it great? They can bring back Capt Shipwreck and Lost in Space just for you and GAB. In black and white, just for old times sake.
No, you're wrong! It's about the phrases 'racial inequality' and 'black millionaires' being used in the same sentence.  It's about me being accused of using white privilege. But some of my money goes to the black millionaire crybabies? Not anymore... Seems like my white privilege missed me somehow. Respect has to be earned, otherwise it's lost. Want respect? Start by cleaning up your neighborhoods, educating your kids and keeping your family's together. Stop robbing 7/11's. Otherwise??? Bring it on...
They are most like Peyton Manning fans and not real Bronco fans.  Many if these "fans" see blacks as chattle to move between teams.   You want to talk disrespect. None of you Trump supporters backed away when he verbally attacked a Gold Star family. Now tell me how much you pretend to care about honoring the military.
Do all black people in Charlottesville feel the same way about everything? Not everybody is as offended by innocuous comments as you think they should be.
the Political Correct state school board placed a ban on all Indian mascots. This arrogance that knows no shame included banning the Indian mascots of sovereign Native American tribes. Every last justification given for this ban has been thoroughly debunked for the shameless pathological lies they are. This is teaching our children a racist stereotyping of our culture, forcing us Native Americans to fight for our culture, and why we overturned this ban, twice. As a recent Washington Post poll confirmed what every other legitimate poll taken has shown, 90% of us Red Skins overwhelmingly support Indian mascots.  It's okay to say white conservatives are out of touch with the black and brown community, but if I say I am a red skin Chickasaw, they call me a racist, and therein another example of how liberals shamelessly stereotype Native Americans. I'm out of space or I'd give more examples. Ornery Bear.
Both areas have histories involving black slaves in Africa.    And Germany used slavery of both civilians and POW's during WWII in their war production.    And Scandanavians (Vikings) happily enslaved those they captured.   "Vikings often captured and enslaved militarily weaker peoples they encountered, but took the most slaves in raids of the British Isles and Slavs in Eastern Europe.  A smaller trade of African slaves happened during the 17th and 18th centuries[1], around the time Swedish overseas colonies were established in North America (1638) and in Africa (1650). It remained legal until 1813."   "If you were a German planter or officer, etc. and desired a laborer or woman, you would go to the local tribal chief and purchase some of his slaves. You would hold onto their certificate of freedom and force them to work or accompany you until they were no longer useful then 'free' them."
Blacks commit about 6x the rate of murder of whites and commit the far highest per capita rate of most crimes across the board, so it's inevitable they're going to both have more police contacts as well as more violent police contacts.  Liberal and media denial of that fact is what is fueling this manufactured crisis.  Furthermore, most interracial homicides and rapes are black on white, yet the media refuse to discuss it while they gleefully berate white people for the deeds of a claimed murderer (often later exonerated such as Officer Wilson).  The media could be an excellent public forum for open dialogue, but they are too ideology-driven and too afraid to alienate advertisers with controversial content.
This should be a hate crime. If it were four white men against a black man Hancock, Sharpton, naacp and jessie would be out in full force. We all know its true.
Nice dodge about vouchers.  But I'm glad you are aware that vouchers are not based on race, chiefette.  However, you either refuse to understand my point that it was a form of racism to take vouchers away from blacks who liked them, or you didn't read for clarity.   But I understand why you struggle with reading for comprehension if, after my last reply on what I mean, that you still don't get it.  I guess that means you hit a new "lower?"
"And over the last eight years the previous administration promoted the exact same agenda within the black community."  What "agenda" was that? The only problem with the, "So's YOUR old man!" defense is that those who use it must concede from the beginning that their boy is guilty of the same things they accuse the other guy of. SOOO, thanks for conceding that T Rump is pursuing a white supremacist agenda.
Nonsense.  Special favors for one race only is discrimination. Voting people elected Trump-all walks of life. All colors, all ethnic backgrounds.   Discrimination against Asians, Whites, Latinos to promote Black is wrong, always was, and needs to stop now. Apply all on merits or income levels only-not race-based.
I was going to say the more damaging bias is based on equating wealth with special privileges.      But the most vulnerable are also the most harmed by elite power and the black population has continuing racial barriers to moving into positions of power in the private sector.    It happens, but still nothing close to proportionate with population percentage.  Good news, did you see a black female cadet got the top post for West Point students!   Merit wins, we should celebrate that.
He was right, there was a lot of devil and rattlesnake in 1942 apartheid America. Still, is, but things are changing thanks to hearts like his, people who are willing to stand and speak their piece.  He helped me, a white man born in Connecticut, to understand many things. I came to understand the greatness in all people, regardless of the color of their skin. There was an American apartheid system in effect in 1942, when he was born in the South.  If I were he, born in that time and place, I could only hope that I would find a way to keep my honor and make my way, as he did. And no doubt, what he said and did regarding the mindless Vietnam War, was a testament to the honest courage of a person not willing to give up his humanity just to get along. What if we lived in a country where black people felt so safe that they were glad to associate with white people. Personally, I do believe that the "Black Lives Matter" folks have a real point.   Hugh Massengill, Eugene
Stop your Adultism. Black Power Matters is the only thing that will end end the Colonial Relationship that protects the White Imperialist Status Quo that Pollutes the Globe- Treehugger Power
Placing a black woman on a $10 bill will make race relations worse? Why?
Get over it Canadian media Clinton Cheerleaders.  Broom Hildary and Bubba Bill are never going to be President and a shadow president. On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama will resume his race hustling to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat plantation as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,   And Premier Trudeau will join in advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,
problem is, even if there was a gun involved, that holds very little water with the BLM movement.  the shooting may have been completely justified.  but ultimately, a cop shot and killed a black guy, end of story- that is all that will be absorbed.  you can thank st. micahel brown and the mass media for that one.
.  I've had multiple bear encounters, including females with young, and my dog was even foolish enough to try to go into a den after a domiciled bruin.  Other than my dog getting chewed on a little by the self-defending bear, all encounters (25 or 30?) resulted in the bear departing the area as quickly as possible upon sighting me.  Even the one that chewed on my dog's face departed at his first opportunity.  Extremely unlikely that this bear would have hurt anyone.  Black bear attacks on humans are rarer than lightning strikes, and females, such as this bear, almost never attack.  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/technology/science/a-few-surprises-in-decades-long-black-bear-study/article579472/  .
While I am depressingly familiar with the general historical animus of Chicago's White Catholics towards Blacks of any religious disposition, I hadn't heard of Mundeline's orders regarding St. Monica's. Thanks for this article. I look forward to the next instalment.
"What is rarely talked about is that many troops in the French Army were from Africa, and the little ships refused to take the Black soldiers."  http://ancestralenergies.blogspot.com/2010/05/where-were-black-people-at-dunkirk.html  In fact, soldiers from Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and elsewhere were key to delaying the German attack. Other African soldiers made it to England and helped form the nucleus of the Free French forces that soon took the fight to the Axis. Soldiers from West and North Africa were key to delaying the German attack. There were also four companies of the Royal Indian Army Service Corps on those beaches.  http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2017/07/20/what_s_fact_and_what_s_fiction_in_dunkirk.html  Blacks and those of African descent have fought in every major war the US has been involved in.
The left has been very slow to condemn AntiFa and their terroist behavior.  Violence against speech is always wrong no matter how reprehensible the speech.   These black-bloc protesters have been spreading their violence to all with whom they disagree.  Not limiting it to just the racists and nazis as the left initially claimed.  Is it fair to paint the whole of the left as violent terrorists?  This seems like the same logic you are using to paint the right as racists.
I'm definitely better off today than I was in 2007. Heck, I bought a generator and a gross of ready to eat Army surplus meals after Katrina. Once again, I knew I would have to save myself in any disaster. I'm comfortably retired in the 21st century. The value of my properties are higher than they were in 2007. Since I'm black, I have no white male privilege to miss. My future looks comfortable  and bright. I'm on high ground with a spring fed creek running through the back yard.
The entire NFL is plagued this year because of the black millionaires and their kneepads. Players are NOT focused on the games, only on their statements. Making a boycott easy. And, I believe the Raiders threw the game against the Broncos. The franchise should be shut down...
Go to Africa and complain about black  privelage, go to Asia and complain about Asian privelage. That's how it goes in those racial majority lands. See how far that gets you first. This teacher should be relieved immediately to never spoil a child's mind. Better yet teach them about something important like banking and credit which isn't taught in school.
Threatened? Hardly It's a comedy fest of frightened Hillary supporters We are hardly threatened by 500,000 angry entitled Dems when there are 175 million women in the US> Your march was and is irrelevant I hear there is a Black Lives Matter march tomorrow - have fun
And what has to happen with the community Lynn?  What needs to change is such communities.?    It's fine to challenge the police to upgrade their training, but there has to be some recognition that it's the community that is hurt by crime, not society in general?   What do these black communities need to give them a decent alternative to living on crime or goverment support?    Do we treat black families as two parent families that need help, or, do we continue to give assistance only to women and children.   (don't we have incentives that discourage marriage and have hurt the rational choice of two parents where at least one could devote time to the children without living in poverty).     I'm not talking bootstraps my friend, but an effort to change something will be most effective if it comes from the grass roots of these communities.    I work with the assumptions that money has to be raised to correct conditions, but that's better that sustaining what seems an unhealthy result.
Ms Southey has really  hit her stride. Biting commentary with wit and humour. Bravo.  Saying  the residential  schools benefited 'Indian' kids by letting them "work in the fields to produce food that never made it to their plates ..." and “Nobody meant to hurt anybody, the little smiles in the Truth and Reconciliation Commission are real, the clothes are clean and the meals are good." is like saying that slavery wasn't all that bad because it taught 'Negroes' agriculture and gave them food and a roof over their heads.  I'm ashamed that Senator (gag reflex withheld) Beyak is an appointed member of our government.
I'm with Trump on this one.  The black players did more to incite a backlash than to further their cause.  These guys are millionaires but how many are giving back to their people?  How many ever served in the military?  Very, very  few.  I agree that the owners are afraid of cracking down on the protests since black players predominate in the NFL.  It's a tough choice but the NFL is just committing suicide in allowing this.  We shall see.  The bottom line is that the NFL is a business and if these protests affect the team's profits, then lookout!
GBA:  You post here  "The kneelers used the blood of those who fought and died for freedom as a tool for their own selfish gain"  The men who protest by "taking a knee" gain absolutely nothing personally from doing so.  They are not doing it for, as you so elegantly put it, "their own selfish gain."  They are doing it for two reasons: a)originally to protest they way they felt Black Americans were being abused by police and b) most recently, to support the freedom of speech and expression of those players who "took a knee" for (a).  Neither action is "for their own selfish gain."  These men are well paid....they make millions.  They could just quietly "take the money" and forget those folks in the ghettos.  They could be very selfish and say "hey too bad about Colin Kaepernick and his expressing his freedom of speech......but, that's just tough."  They chose not to ignore either issue and I honor them for the strength of their conviction.  Gary Crum
Not to mention the Toronto Student Union boondoggle, did they ever get their money back? Canadian media doesn't like to talk about it but anyone can google Black Lives Matter Toronto Student Union Lawsuit...
Oh right.  Kaerpernick and a handful of other black men make a lot of money by playing a game (no mention of the talent and hard work it takes to play major league football!) So I guess they should be saying, "Thank you, Massa!  Thank you!" and ignoring the fact that many young black men ARE indeed oppressed and denied justice.  I guess what you really meant to say is the Kaerpernick and others who peacefully protest that we don't actually have "liberty and justice for all" are just UPPITY.  What nerve.  Why don't they protest quietly in their own living rooms. Why don't they know their place.
Very good point, neither do I have any idea what it's like to be black and have the word 'gun' mentioned during a traffic stop.
I'm just getting ready to head over to the 'Tulsa officer surrenders on manslaughter charge in shooting of black man' story and can't wait to read your thoughtful message of peace, love and understanding for the unarmed blah guy killed by the police.
The infinitesimally small numbers of blacks who might (or might not) have owned slaves as an excuse for white racism is akin to arguing that because it snowed in Miami, Miami is not at sea level in a subtropical zone. You're simple.
It doesn't matter, they are getting paid by someone. The point is they are not getting paid to salute the flag and neither are athletes. If you want to boycott games I have no problem with that. But it is theirs or anyones right in our country to not salute the flag whether it be because of religious or moral convictions.    I'm just questioning why folks are so upset at a few black athletes vs some white religious folks
.So here is a copy of my writtten statement about the matter with my daughter please read below >>>>>  I normally would not post this but i need help getting full custody of my daughter .You have heard of black lives matter and they riot and protest .Well Im starting child lives matter .. 12 YEARS AGO at my exes house my 4 month old daughters skull was factured in 4 places and her boyfriend went to prison for 3 years.. My ex has been to jail for assualting me for no reason. she has never sobered up and is on something 3 days a week .So I caughter her and her uncle selling illigal drugs at her house  part 3
You walked into grocery store full of white people in Pennsylvania and immediately assumed they lack diversity. You did not even bother to interact with them, but you stood tall in judging them. How do you know they do not vary in work experience, religious beliefs/affiliations, geographic location, socioeconomic status, educational background, gender, culture, or language? You don’t, you assumed, because of the color of their skin.   Imagine now, two rooms, one filled with 20 black men and the other filled with 20 white men? Which one is more diverse? I can guess which one you’d suggest is the answer. Too bad the 20 black men are from an isolated Mississippi town and share very similar backgrounds, while the 20 white men are from various African states with extremely diverse backgrounds.
I look forward to the day when white folks admit they created the racial and cultural divide when they decided that being white was more important than being human or American. They made that choice for fun and profit. They don't want to know how much rape, torture, robbery, and murder they benefit from. It is why so many of them don't like facts. Facts don't make them look or feel good about themselves. This country has been a giant affirmative action program for people that Europe didn't need or want. All they had to do was to learn to fear and hate black people. Indians, Latinos, Jews, and Asians will do in a pinch. Then they become white instead of immigrants. They get to be considered innocent until proven guilty. The rest of us get profiled. Obama never got more than 45% of the white vote. The good news is that younger white folks tend to be less racist than their elders. We may have equal rights for all in another 200 years.
You kind of miss my point - their numbers certainly aren't flagging in the rural black communities, who unfortunately form the largest mass of voters. This is why the churches' efforts might not be as misplaced as we think?
It never fails. Why do whites bring race into the discussion? Is the media not filled with White murders like the white Kid that murdered 4 men in Philly? Or white men that couch softball teams arrested for sexually assaulting a teen girl he coached in CO? I think bad behavior has no color but reading grown people hatred for an entire race which is sort of a campaign to keep people from actually caring that plenty blacks are still being lynched in the U.S.A. We as a human race gotta stop the hate. Peace
Because you are a strong supporter of the welfare state. Currently 70% of the African American births are to single women. With a strong possibility the medical expenses for those births are being paid by Medicaid. Not a single person is being held financially responsible for that child. The baby's daddy walks away and the mother immediately starts collect welfare or their welfare amount is increases if she has other children. If you don't think this situation happens time and time and is destructive of black families than you are blind. Just to clear thing up and before some angry racist calls me out for talking down blacks. This situation is happening in other groups also. Low income whites, Hispanic, and now some from middle east. We are creating a nation of takers and the central government is enabling these groups
"White people do not understand prejudice because they do not experience it against themselves." This is a prejudicial statement, you have absolutely no idea if BeSquared has been the subject of prejudice. . Black Lives Matter... My opinion is in line with the "The Doctor Of Common Sense", I'll let him tell you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHPsfrock7U he was talking about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Ex5NZKvCg . Here's a little something about bad actors in the press. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAEy5yjX4S8 . Finally, Obama... I tend to appreciate what this man says, I find him to be a class act. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/obama-on-political-correctness-dont-go-around-just-looking-for-insults/ar-AAlJfFx?li=BBnb7Kz
If people wrote and commented less dramatically about SA's history there would possibly be less hysteria in the country and people could get on with pulling the country straight.  “violence, after all, was part and parcel of centuries of white domination – and despite the country’s relatively peaceful transition, violence was also crucial to overthrowing apartheid”.  "Centuries of white domination" - always amuses me. The Great Trek into the bulk of South Africa started in 1835 about 180 years ago.  There were wars between both invading parties - the Blacks from the North and the Whites from the South but no huge massacres as happened in other parts of the world.  To blame the increasing crime rate today on Apartheid is purely blame shifting. The ANC mismanagement of the economy is making people poorer. Apartheid lasted for about 40 years (1950-90). The ANC has had power for the last 22 (1995 - 2017) years. That is where the blame for the current situation lies.
The baker knowingly broke the Colorado law he agreed in writing to follow. He is no longer making wedding cakes. The baker is asking to legally discriminate. If he winds people will be able to deny service to black people based on religious views.
Quintessential trump.  As I've said before:  "do as I say and not as I do."  And his followers eat it up.  Especially the black guy behind him, maurice symonette, aka "michael the black man."  He is a conspiracy theorist nut job who was once a member of a violent cult.  It's bizarre that he's seen so often so close to trump at these rallies.
I found it interesting McConnell didn't stop her-just warned her-when she was reading what a white man said about Sessions, but when she read what a black woman said about Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, it was over. Another uppity black woman got you down, Senator McConnell?
One has to wonder why Jupitor police did not take him to the hospital first. He was found "asleep" in a running car. He was dazed and confused and uncoordinated. He stated he was having a reaction to proscribed medications. Don't think Jupitor police would like having a DUI suspect dying in the back of the police car or at the jail. Sounds like he should have been taken to the hospital first but, and I hate to say this, he's black in the South facing police officers who routinely have pre-conceived notions and perceptions. And I am a old white guy who votes conservative....just saying.
Stop being so reasonable Paul! Suggesting that things are grey and not all black or white is evil!!
I am 52 yo and I have experienced numerous times   being watched in stores, from being a young adult to current times.  I don't take offense because I personally know how much shoplifting occurs daily by all shoppers, white, black. male, female, young and old.  I was  actually arrested while in college for recklessly  damaging property and was treated very poorly by the arresting officer, who was a white male.  I was completely ignored by a salesman at a Car dealership, when I was there to actually buy a car, most likely because I was dressed poorly.  I am a very respectful, polite white male so  how does one explain the behavior I experienced?  Simply it is  a fact of life.  The world is full of good people and bad.  Everything in life should not be taken as personal.  As I explained above I faced racial and sexual discrimination due to affirmative action  when I applied for employment with my job in 1987.  White privilege is a false construct perpetrated by the liberal left.
No, he was asked in police  attempts to negotiate if he was affiliated. I guess you assume that because he's black, he supported their cause. He said he was angry with BLM because he thought it was ineffective.
The Democrats are an embarrassment and need to find people of higher intelligence to run. No wonder they can't win an election, the bar is set real low for Democrats. When you win elections you make the rules, The party of hate is helpless to stop anything. All they can do is bus in paid street protesters, plant Fake News stories and have John Lewis and the Black Caucus sit on the floor of Congress and cry.
And "Democratic Socialists of America" led the parade! Gotta love it!  Were these same people marching and protesting over "Black Lives Matter" and their extreme racism, Police Hating and foul mouthed demonstrations?
For the first time in my life I fear that our government could go in that direction.  I'm starting to understand how American Muslims, blacks, and other minorities have been feeling for a long time.
The 1860-61 "Declaration of Causes" in the articles of secession of a number of Southern states--Texas, Mississippi, Georgia and South Carolina--specified that a major reason for secession was to protect slavery.   https://www.civilwar.org/learn/articles/reasons-secession  The specific "states right" that the Confederacy sought to defend was right to own slaves. W E B DuBois was right when he said, in 1903, that the spiritual life of the nation had centered around black folks from the very beginning.  It still does.
"95 percent of the 2,400 elected state and local prosecuting attorneys across the country — including Oregon — were white, and 79 percent were men."  The Duck U law school is currently 52% male and 48% female.  There are nine (9) blacks in the Law school of 366 people.  I see little likelihood of a huge increase in black District Attorneys being elected in Oregon.  The women, assuming they can pass the bar (not a given for Duck U graduates) are looking much more likely.
I think we should remember all the troops who served to build the Alcan, and we should be clear about the differential treatment the black and white troops experienced at the time. One reason historians are commemorating the contributions of black soldiers and engineers is that they have been erased historically and their contributions overlooked. This is simply an effort at historical equity. http://www.wood.army.mil/ENGRMAG/PDFs%20for%20Apr-Jun%2008/Book%20Reviews.pdf.   But let's not forget that while while Black troops accounted for 33% of those serving, they achieved what they did by enduring harsher conditions. They were given cloth shelters, not housed in quonset huts. They were given unserviceable trucks and issued salvage clothing unfit for the harsh climate. Let us commemorate white soldiers for their superior treatment and for working under more favorable conditions.
Yeah, Harkins the only freedom we have these days is to obey the laws of the land or get shot.  We all know what happens when blacks or brown skins run; they get shot in the back, or when they're sitting on the ground with their hands in the air; hands up don't shoot and then BLAM!  Or how about if one's reaching for their driver's license after being told by an officer to get your ID, BLAM!  That's freedom alright.
Nope. You need to learn more of the history of the Confederacy. They *explicitly* denied that intrinsic human rights existed for blacks, which is a repudiation of the core principles of the US.  Confederates killed Americans. Why do we commemorate that with statues and like public displays, at all? "Pride" and "heritage" are weak and flawed excuses.
Probably. And probably you have no idea what you're talking about. All the victims of housing discrimination where the  house "redlined" in a black neighborhood was automatically worth 1/2 or less of the value to the exact same one in the "exclusive, restricted" (white) neighborhood. Racism is, unfortunately, as American as apple pie John.
John pssst, I'm Black does that also invalidate my opinions, or reaffirm your reflex assumptions as stereotypical  ?
Whineritis-  Seriously? You can equate a religion that does not have female priests, with ones that teach that women should not bare their hair, or even their faces in public, that they should be stoned for adultery, should be treated as minors and be under the authority of a male relative, should not socialize with unrelated males, etc.?  Are you really as much an all-or-nothing, black-and-white, "you are either for me or against me" ideologue as you appear to be?  Please get a sense of proportion.
Kelly exposes himself as a traitor and a worshiper of traitors who fought in terrorist attacks intended to destroy the United States of America.  And the "States" rights scam is just a tissue of lies for the South's determination to expand slavery to the west and forcing the north to allow free blacks to be kidnapped and sold south.  The supporters of the South fought to make the entire nation a slave holding nation or failing that, to destroy it entirely.  Kelly's unfitness to hold any position of public trust in the USA government has now been proven beyond any doubt.
Nah--my being pi$$ed off by a cop WALKING after shooting a 7 year-old black girl in the head while she's sleeping on her grandmother's couch while showing off for a reality TV show doesn't make me a "snowflake".  What does your glossing over and minimizing such atrocities make you?  Answer, please.  My middle granddaughter is a 7 year-old black child.  Had--God Forbid--that happened to her you'd be reading about me on the front page, not in a "comments section".  And you'd be reading about the shooter in the obituaries.  Maybe me too.  Fortunately she lives in Australia where badge-wearing Klansman are less of a threat.  Not the case with three of my five black grandchildren--they live here.  I briefly considered asking them to disguise themselves as "Cecil the Lion" when they go outside, for safety's sake, since white Americans apparently care more about shooting animals than they do black kids.  Oldest granddaughter refused--she'd already picked out her senior prom dress.
Black Bear Lives Matter! This guy is obviously a racist....
Hard to miss the rhetorical delight of many writers@theGlobe (abetted by a cadre of “progressive” academe at masculinity-is-toxic.edu) in fanning the flames of 'male dread.' The n-word is used mainly as metonymy in Huckleberry Finn (=black slave); the book has become “toxic” for some because of its one famous use as metaphor (= inferior human). The same in reverse is the case with the way the m-word is deployed by 2 many feminists: powerful men are “garbage”; all men are powerful, by definition. Ergo…  It's imperative to take down "predators." Not so to suggest, even semi-equivocally, that “rejecting masculinity” is key to being "fully human." You rarely read anything in the Globe that takes women to task for their part in the "semiotics" at play in the ways men negotiate "the spaces between archaic ideals and modern reality." It's true that the Globe employs Maggie Wente, who pleads for balance in otherwise rancorous "conversatìons" but she’s equivalent of NYT  patsy David Brooks.
Relentless attempts by liberal pundits to prop-up the notion that we live in a nation deranged and distorted by "White racism" is driven, it seems, by their fear that this ideological (sacred) "cash-cow" is dying, and must be resuscitated at all costs. To use a movie review as an excuse to dredge up what amounts to a liberal conceit, with no basis in reality, is particularly offensive.   Since the 'reviewer' raised the issue, it's worth mentioning: while systemic "White-racism" went extinct decades ago, this nation is afflicted with an epidemic of Black-on-White, and Black-on-Asian violence, which goes carefully unreported by the mainstream media. Fortunately, the evidence does not depend on studies by academe, or advocacy by the oracles of social justice in the liberal community. It is all available in plain-sight to any who care to search those key-words on YouTube. Spoiler alert: prepare to be horrified by the scope and brutality of the truth liberal media don't want you to see.
Minshall, many times I agree with you. Sometimes your over-the-top self righteousness is a bore. I understand hatred well enough, but your slanted ranting does not serve your cause.  "I'll tell you how I'd like to be remembered: as a black man who won the heavyweight title and who was humorous and who treated everyone right." Fine words. Even the great Ali had humility.
Your attempt to put it all on the Western or White races is racist in its own right. Go to China and their attitudes towards those who are not "the same" are similar... and have been for most of recorded history. Or Africa.  Some people will pint to teh Islamic states and say "you see,  blacks are accepted here"... which is perhaps true, ut tehn see what their attitudes are towards Jews or Christians... there will be "racist" elements to their  thinking on those criteria. Every religion somehow magically thinks that they are superior to the other religions..  it is all learned responses, but it exists in every society, of every colour, every race, every culture. The fact that babies don't seem to have any problem dealing with the differences is proof enough that they are learned cultural responses rather than innate.
Why does have to be black/white? Why does every problem have to be "disappear"ed? What is wrong with reducing or minimizing a problem? Especially if that problem is gun violence? Or do you want to maintain or status quo or increase it?
Keep in mind that those figures don't include the old TBVC homelands - as they were deemed to be different, independent, countries (though the SA government and their own governments are the only ones in the world to ever deem them that way). So that even that 1 just applies to the black kids going to school in Johannesburg Townships - it didn't include his cousin in Boputhatswana.  The appartheid government did spend money on education in the TBVC states, officially this was designated developmental aid -but it was unreliable (discretionary spending), and done purely as a marketing excercise (look how appartheid actually tries to uplift black people) with no real concern for even making sure the money actually reached the education departments of those puppet governments. Occasionally they would build a school for a photo-op and then promptly ignore it forever while their dysfunctional vassal governments failed to hire teachers. Factor them in - and it's probably more like 20 to 1.
No Charles, what is disrespectful is to have veterans who have obviously forgotten why wars were fought.  They were generally fought to increase freedom, not limit it.  These people who kneel  generally do it in protest of all the cops who chose to use Blacks as target practice, effectively removing all of their freedoms.
Kuroiwaj - You are fooling yourself.  There is no law that specifically says a person can't be prejudiced.  There is no law that specifically says a person has to treat everyone else equally.   Even if there are, there would be no way to prove/enforce them.   Do you really believe that blacks, asians, foreigners, handicapped, poor, ugly, muslims, buddhists, etc. were/are treated equally?  Wake up or open your eyes.
Let's stay on topic now professor. Instead of saying I can't recall, I will say, the real serious problem in the U.S. is Blacks killing Blacks. The numbers speak for themselves. You'd think that the last President would take aim at solving such a problem, but it just wasn't a priority. Let's see how the current President does at creating more private sector jobs.
The Toronto Student Union called, they want their money back... google Black Lives Matter Toronto Student Union - it's not a secret, unless you read the Globe.
"Democrats renounced racism. "  So  Tim agrees with me that the Democratic Party has a very ugly racist history.  Here's what black folks have to say about the Democratic Party of today....   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOuJbHkWgWM
Had Finicum been a black male named Michael Brown, the left would be singing an entirely different tune.
BLM protestors demanding that the police stop shooting unarmed black people is in no way comparable to white supremecists demanding we honor the memory of treasonous slavers. The only civil response to your statement is that you are wrong. I invite you to imagine what adjectives, adverbs, exclamations, and phrases appear between the lines of that statement.
Whites committed 3000 murders last year,  blacks 2500. Wish to revise your statement? Back to stormfront.
"... brains make associations between black people and the physical threat we think they pose is the greatest predictor of police using lethal force against a black person. "  Disagree strongly with this statement; that is,  brains make associations between rage and the physical threat we think they pose ... .   It's one of the arguments against the tactics of Black Lives Matter who express rage directly at any person instead of *inter*-acting.
I think that the DA runs the risk of looking like perennial moaners and too reliant on the legal process. There comes a time when you have to keep quiet and let your opposition destroy themselves. The DA has a magnificent opportunity to govern the four metros well and harp on those achievements.  We all know that the DA need black votes. Black South Africans are still sensitive to the destruction of the ANC. The death of the ANC has to handled carefully or the DA will be pushing voters into the arms of the EFF regardless of whether they are right or wrong.
Hardly anyone thinks that BLM is actually about real black lives.  It's just another rallying organization to focus anger on whitey.  Think what they could actually accomplish if they used just half that hate and energy to improve their own community.
Yes Iceman, apparently using her reasoning the Nat. Basketball Ass, N.B.A., should disband as 11 out of 13 members of each team are Black/ African-American.
>>To the people making these comments: how often do black/brown people come into your orbit (I don’t mean cleaning your house, babysitting your kids, feeding/bathing your parents in long-term care, ferrying you around in a cab  Rather offensive stereotyping of what kind of jobs a black/brown person can hold.  Never mind the "I have shared a meal with a person of color" "credentials".
Very true. The official explanation of that is that there's a great deal of "cultural anxiety" on the right over the amount of uppitiness among women, gays, blacks, browns, yellows & reds (to use Roy Moore teminology) and the Democrats who support them, so naturally all the "culturally anxious" folk are drawn to the right side of the aisle where their cultural anxiety is soothed by "traditional family values." That's how that works. Uh huh.
It was inevitable that the first black president would unsettle a lot of people.  Trump promised to Make America White Again.  A lot of the unsettled people believed him and voted for him.  He is their cultural messiah.
Appears it's the other way around, Black.  Too funny, bychatch.
Truth is both Hillary and Trump have racist supporters. Sure the kkk has endorsed trump. I'm not surprised. What would you say if an equally disgusting and racist group supported Hillary or say even our current setting president, Obama. That's right, the black panthers endorsed Obama. Recently the "New Black Panthers Chairman: Group Plans on Carrying Guns During ... Eric Holder's Ominous Warning of What Happens if Hillary Clinton Isn't Elected ..." If that's not an endorsement from a racist hate group then I don't know what is.  If you don't believe that a portion of BLM is racist towards people of fair skin you'd be outright gullible. I personally find any racism outright disgusting, but the truth is, these candaites don't pick who supports them. They do however have the option to not accept donations from knowing racist groups. I know trump returned that check and denounced the group. Has Hillary? Just saying it's all B.S. To the 10th degree.  Btw I don't support either
(Part one of two) for whom do we pray in our formal prayers each week at Mass?  Do people from certain kinds of groups . . . get omitted or forgotten? Whose lives and experiences get referenced in liturgical preaching? Who gets left out?—Brett Hoover  Black lives do matter.
You are clear then that no African American group or association or gang has conspired and acted violently and or illegally? You are clear then that no "white" group, association, gang, or even militia has conspired, acted, or would intend to act violently?  Your inference about Muslims is more hypothetical than any of the examples I cited.  I thought that maybe your choice of language was just an innocent mis-speak.  One has to be realistic but also honest and bigofree.
@Holdingpattern, also interesting that you would make an inference that it is not true that income affects educational outcome.  Every study or article I have read on the subject has concluded there is correlation between higher family income and higher educational attainment. So I hold that as a generally accepted basis for discussion.    Do you have alternative facts?  I'm not disputing that graduation rates are poorer for black and Latino kids.  I just have not see the study from the Bellevue School District that says how much income influences those results.  I made a theory that income will influence those results.   I feel that is a reasonable request, but I withdraw the "F" grade.  It really should be an incomplete.
I was laughing when I saw "NAACP" in the headline. They're the only major black organization in The United States that is "satisfied with inner city public schools."
Well aren't you special. You're taking my comments personally when apparently they don't apply to you. Doesn't change my own experience with, for example, white MAC members, born and raised here, who blame Latinos for lice in the neighborhood school, and Blacks for low test scores.
It's hard to see what Alexandra disagrees about.  Is it your statement that "the act of despising the flag is seen as an act of justice"?  It surely is seen as that among the left, who generally support the kneeling.  Does she disagree with your statement that "criticizing this display of contempt for America is decried as bigotry"?  It surely is decried as bigotry.  Worse; the left calls it racism.  Meanwhile, millions of young black fatherless men who are lost to the prison system because of the crimes they commit will continue to believe that THEY are the victims, that AMERICA is their oppressor, and that their disdain for police is justified.  If you had to choose a message that would continue them in their cultural bondage, that would be the message.
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black!  There are only a few whose comments are more "uncivil" than yours.  And as you can see SF has been muzzled.  Who knows if you will be next!
Paul,  What is really in the social DNA of Oregon is a constant struggle to eliminate racism that is still going on today.  Way back in 1845 led by Jesse Applegate, Oregon revised its founding 1843 Organic Laws of Oregon (passed by about 100 white men) lessening the grip of discrimination/racism.  It started the process of repealing the Black Exclusion Laws in 1893 and finally accomplished it in 1927.  The KKK ( a broad national movement at the time) made an appearance in 1921 and disappeared in 1925 to never return.  Notice those two dates, 1925 and 1927?  Is Oregon free of racism, nope and it probably never will be.  But every year Oregonians try to eliminate it and make Oregon better for all of its citizens.  That positive trying to eliminate racism is as much a part of Oregon's story as the negative aspects of its racial past and present.
You have to excuse Michelle Obama for believing Women should vote in a monolithic block...she is used to seeing Black Americans vote this way (as they do with any Democrat), so it is understandable.
Not so baffling if you read some of the comments below from the usual suspects. This is the same kind of bigotry that was directed towards blacks when I was young. Racism has since become unacceptable to express publicly, unless you're Donald Trump, but classism is still allowed. In the 1960s and '70s there was a Black Power movement, now we need a Poor Power movement.
freeheels, when a female cyclist in British Columbia was killed by a black bear near a ski resort in 2007, the bear was shot.
The idea is not to destroy the statues ... but to no remove them a place of prominence. Listen to the mayor of New Orlean's speech if you want to hear a point-on rationale. What would you think if Germany started erecting statues of Hitler and SS leaders?  How do think Jewish people would feel about that and what signal would it send to them?  How do you think African-Americans feel about our seeming celebration of the people who enslaved them?  What signal would it send about our commitment to a post-racial American if the statues were taken down?  No one is trying to remove history.  The statues need to be moved to memorial sites - so we will never forget. But they should not stand in front of our court houses or state houses any longer.
You are ignoring the fact HRC was female.  PO was half black, but he was still male.  I will believe HRC's gender didn't make a difference when the GOP wins with a female at the top of the ticket.  I ain't going to happen in my lifetime.
Why would a Chinese, Black etc. prefer a visible minority Sikh who is not Chinese, Black etc over Anglo, French or European?  simply because "Anybody but Caucasian" ?  this is Fake thinking When did visible minority become a voting bloc - Chinese, Korean, Filipino ...have nothing in common with Sikhs and will not vote for Singh just because he is a visible minority - the NDP is deluded
Actually, WHAT IS WITH the enmeshment of Ontario universities and the activist group Black Lives Matter?  If you look at the news website below, you can read a report saying that, at York University in Toronto, "Student Union Vice President for Equity, Alexandria Williams, donated $7,500 to Black Lives Matter" using mandatory fees collected from students.  Hello?  Why ON EARTH would university student unions in Ontario be interested in shoveling money into the activist group Black Lives Matter? What ON EARTH does a private activist group have to do with the reason that the 50,000 young Canadians chose to study at York University, where they are forced to pay dues to that student union?  Have student union executives in Ontario ever heard of the phrase "CONFLICT OF INTERESTS"?  sheridansun.sheridanc.on.ca/2016/10/01/when-causes-and-student-governments-clash/
And I am guessing you would like to ban certain rifles that are responsible for a couple hundred deaths a year instead of hand guns that are responsible for tens of thousands.  Why don't you care about all the black people killed by hand guns?  You seem pretty racist. Universal background checks and mental health screenings (the common sense things libs talk about) wouldn't have prevented this, or any of the recent mass shootings.
Go to the Washington Post's database on police shootings and you'll find that you are wrong.  You can sort out shootings by year, and see who wasn't armed, who was black, white, etc.  You're incorrect in your statement that fewer unarmed white people are shot by police.
Obviously you've never fired a weapon with a bump stock. It's made to fire the weapon fast. Not accurately. You'd have more hits on target firing single aimed shots than burning thru a mag in a second. It's a waste of ammo, just like "making it rain" at a strip club is a waste of money. And I hate to tell you, but you can accomplish the same thing with a rubber band. PS The Second Amendment, in the Bill of Rights,  was ratified in 1791, it had nothing to do with "blacks in the south". It had everything to do with the People keeping control over the Government. Even then the Founding Fathers knew tyrants would try to overthrow the will of the People. Oh, by the way, you know it was the democrats who refused to let the freed blacks possess firearms, as they were afraid their Klan brothers would be rightfully shot if the freed slaves could protect themselves.
No mistake.  Minshall  reminds me of one of Dave Chapelle's characters, Clayton Bigsby,  the blind black man (who didn't know he was black) who also happened to be a leader in the white-supremacy movement.
So in your mind dressing up in something like a kimono is mocking another culture?  Pray tell, how do you decide it's behavior intended to mock and not honor their culture?  Also, how did you come to the conclusion it's "a lot of white people" complaining?   Who even suggested they wanted to dress their kid in a truly racist costume involving black face?  I bet in your mind people of color can't be racist, that's reserved for the white folks right?
Canada is known to be a soft touch... Business and government want people who will work for less than the minimum wage. >9 months later (or even before) come the tearjerking stories, like the one which led Black Lives Matter to close Yonge/Bloor today, even if BLM were created for protesting undue killings of blacks, and therefore not meant to defend those who cheated immigration and feel entitled to be forgiven.
The "take a knee" thing drove a racial vertical wedge between all NFL players. They're now looking at themselves as Black or White Players not a "team". White QB, Black receiver incomplete pass  means a racial overtone in the media. NFL is less for it but they are the only ones to solve it.  Please wake me up when they decide they are good athletes that can play well only as a team regardless of skin protection towards the Sun.
when i go into a macdonalds, for their very good coffee - i see a multi-cultural workforce, as it should be in canada. when i go into any of the tim hortons in my neighbourhood they are all staffed by the indian sub-continent - no black workers, no koreans, chinese or whites. the choice should be clear where canadian dollars should be spent
This guy wasn't black he was Caucasian so I don't really understand the above rant you started with. Not to mention there's very little BLM movement within Alaska anyways.    I don't really think that this suicide by cop from a mentally disturbed person qualifies as a platform for your anger against some movement in the lower 48
The story is also a reminder that we should stop stereotyping leadership. Most leaders are alphas, many are narcissitic, and male or female, white or black, it is a mistake to stereotype how they will perform.  As my psych professor used to say - there is far more difference between individuals than groups!
No, the democrats have many and the most famous political figure, Robert Byrd, who Hillary Rotten Clinton called a friend and mentor.  In December 1944, Byrd wrote to segregationist Mississippi Senator Theodore G. Bilbo:  I shall never fight in the armed forces with a negro by my side ... Rather I should die a thousand times, and see Old Glory trampled in the dirt never to rise again, than to see this beloved land of ours become degraded by race mongrels, a throwback to the blackest specimen from the wilds.     — Robert C. Byrd, in a letter to Sen. Theodore Bilbo (D-MS), 1944  Byrd was a member of the wing of the Democratic Party that opposed desegregation and civil rights imposed by the federal government. Byrd was the only senator to vote against the appointing of both Thurgood Marshall and Clarence Thomas to the United States Supreme Court, the only two African-American nominees.   Former President Jimmy Carter noted, "He was my closest and most valuable adviser
It's very edifying to think about the iconic American value explicit in their pledge to the flag, i.e., "...Indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."  Obviously, the US is not "indivisible"; on the contrary, it's very divided. Liberty is pretty good, but obviously there isn't as much liberty as there used to be and what liberty there is is usually expensive.  "Justice for all"??! There's never been justice for all. Now there is less justice for large numbers of poor, African-Americans, Latinos, Native Indians, etc. There is in reality, justice for sum.     The rich and powerful need to take responsibility for this huge disparity between what's purportedly valued and what's practiced. Immigrants, especially those who don't integrate, are also responsible.    But the divisiveness immigrants add to is created by the rich and powerful to divide and conquer, fool and rule. That's why when many ordinary workers want to return to the essentials of American values, they are right.
Gigi, what you failed to understand is that history have already acknowledge the role of black Americans played in building the Alaska Highway. Just because you may not know about it, isn't that unusual since most Americans barely can place the Civil War in the right century. There isn't a single book on the Alcan or a monument, that overlooked the role the black units who were part of the overall team that built the highway. Alaskan and Canadian authorities have ensure already and for a long time, the role of black units will NOT be forgotten or overlooked. So why honored people who are already.....honored in this case?  These black units who built the highway were really the lucky  ones. They have never been forgotten. Anyone who picked up a book from 1950s to present, would know about Code Talkers, would know about 442nd Japanese American combat unit although my father's unit, the MIS is bit more of a mystery due to lack of public attention even in Hawaii.
On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama isn't going away though. He will resume his community organizing domestically as a race hustler to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat voting block as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit internationally getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming.  And the Democrats in Congress and the Senate will obstruct, lie, libel, slander, and smear with the aid of the mainstream media because they are not in power and could care less about the nation.
Probably no more or no less than Anchorage, Fairbanks, Jeanau or Ketchican or any other Alaska town. Ok so now that you admit that you made it up, were suppose to just take for granted that there is racism there. It clearly isn't in the Republican Party HE WON!  The others that voted for gattis, mostly likely did so out of name recognition as an incumbent not because she isn't black.  The only apple cart he did was beating out an incumbent. He isn't the only one to have done that this election year.
Black lives don't matter in Canada? I thought they did. The black female spokes person for BLM comes out looking like Black Lady Ga Ga. She is promoting herself! And the Gay Pride Parade. Why? I have deviated from the norm by being attracted to my own gender, but by golly, because I have the courage to admit it, I feel I deserve a Parade to commemorate having the balls to admit it. Did you win the Super Bowl? Did you survive a war? Did you make some contribution to society that improves its situation in any way?   Did you cure cancer? The best situation Gays can hope for is that their sexuality is completely insignificant. Having the Gay Pride Parade hurts that endeavor. Straight people are often repulsed by homo sexual activities. We did not choose to be. It is fairly common. The Gay community asks us to be tolerant of their behavior when we find it offensive, but if we are the slightest bit offended by them, we are homophobic extremists and ought to be jailed.
Hernandez may want to be seen,but how 'bout "Cowboy" Joe West,probably MLB's worst (and at 64,likely its oldest;he actually umpired a 1976 game with the Tigers' beloved,late Mark "The Bird" Fidrych on the mound) umpire who's ALWAYS in some controversy? Torre likely isn't bigoted-his favourite Yankees were Derek Jeter and Bernie Williams,both men of colour-but MLB has long had issues with placing men of other than European ancestry in decision-making positions.(I belive ther are two black managers,one black GM,and no black team presidents and CEOs.)I believe the sport should work on this issue,as it has virtually lost black youth (less than eight percent of MLBers are of African North American heritage) and will continue to lose youngsters generally if some of its arcane codes aren't changed.
I find it kind of refreshing when he calls female heads of state cute.  Maybe the comments where you are saying he knows nothing is where he knows quite a bit that you do not know.  As far as the pushing goes, we rarely are given the full story, especially when the MSM want to make people look bad.     Now, as far as the police is concerned, that is part of a viscous circle.  Yes, police, at times, have been more viscous than needed.  Have you however, thought there might be a reason for that?   Could it be some of the lack of respect that is shown by some blacks?   Now, I do not condone the actions of some of the police officers.   I also do not condone the actions of black thugs.  Like you said justice is something we all deserve, that includes the cops.   I will also add that we all deserve respect. As far as war with Russia, I was not advocating for that.  Obama however was negotiating from weakness, not strength.   Trump has been negotiating from strength.
Seriously? Removal of symbols of slavery (to some) now translates into Blacks running the country? Have you had your morning coffee yet?
What a f-up! Cars are a big part of our identity, and our love of life. We don't need to restrict our freedom, and mobility, We need to stop the massive influx of immigrants who are destroying our ideals, and bringing anti white discrimination. Black lives matter.......of course they do. but so does  everyone elses
Nate: Not the case at all.  In this case, as in most cases, the protester (Mr. Kaepernick..now joined by others) is not "protesting America", he and they are protesting one particular aspect of American life today..namely, what they see as unjustified violence against blacks...especially, violence perpetrated by the police.  They are using the high-profile sitting (now "taking a knee") during the National Anthem as the vehicle for protest.    Those who disagree with such protest have every right to express such disapproval. I see nothing in the editorial to suggest otherwise.  However, as I'm guessing you know, Mr. Kaepernick and his family have received death threats because of his protest.....that's taking the concept of "protesting the protests" a bit far...Don't you agree?    Your summarization of the editorial does NOT reflect the position of the editorial at all....
The man hardly looks black in this photo.  Mixed race, perhaps.   Can’t use the race card in every hand you are dealt.
There is nothing wrong with "reaching out" to people.  You know that is not what I am nauseated by.  What is nauseating is when church officials give the impression that sin is alright--and or that something isn't sinful--and or that the Church may reconsider her teaching. What is nauseating is when church officials offer a soap box to a known dissident priest. The priest in question--even if he is not obviously dissident in what he is teaching--enough people think he is not clear on what he is and is not teaching that it is problematic.  This priest should clarify his stance.    Then again, a lack of clarification on vague and nebulous statements or opinions is all the rage these days in the Church--isn't it?  When things are left nebulous and vague and no clarification is offered--the person cannot be accused of heresy. After all--we should not be so black and white should we?  I am sure that is what Liberius thought when he singed the creed that was Arian, but not expressly so.
It may well be the case, DB-TA, although anarchists by nature have a strong right-wing anti-government side. I was speaking about the posters who are using the Black Bloc to blame "the left", by which they specifically include well, pretty much everyone on Rush Limbaugh's hate list. The Black Bloc people are not liberals or Democrats.
"Edible pieces of art" enjoy no "protected class" status. - That means that, while the "artist/baker" cannot refuse to serve gays, neo-Nazis, blacks, members of the KKK, Muslims, Jews, whites, and Christians.....the "artist/baker" has the right to decline to use his artistic talents to decorate an "edible piece of art" in a way that goes against his religious, moral, ethical, and "whatever" beliefs he may have. - Because no "art" has "protection class" status, any and every artist/baker can refuse to decorate a cake in the following way: (1) a man being lynched (2) Nazi symbols (3) "May Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Bless This Marriage." (4) with unicorns, fairies, and little bunnies. (5) in a way that depicts a same-sex marriage. - #3 might surprise some people. But why would I even want to make a Jewish or Muslim baker "uncomfortable" decorating a cake in that manner? There are plenty of bakers who will gladly put that on a cake for the sheer joy of making money to please me.
I'm so glad I stopped colouring my hair a few years ago.  Many women are pressured to colour their hair for work reasons (and I'd look ridiculous as a fake blonde) and many, especially Black women and others with curly-kinky hair, to straighten it.   I was very happy to see Michelle Obama, who is seen as a woman of style and substance, wearing her hair natural. Not because I care about celebrities, but she is an experienced professional and can be a model for other women who have to look "professional" to do so without those harsh chemicals.
This article by the G and M was incredibly biased, but isn't all mainstream media? No person should be threatened. However, I worry more about minorities in Muslim territories than I do about Muslims here in Canada being harassed.   The reason the pages were being torn from the Koran is because the Koran has hateful messages in it about killing the unbeliever and taking the women from other cultures as sex slaves. Research the life of Mohammed. He was a black slave owner and kept the wives of men whom he killed as sex slaves.   None of these prayers belong in schools in Ontario. They're hateful. They're also extremely disruptive to the school day for all kids. Schools in Peel are already overcrowded. There is no space for French classrooms. Gyms and lunch rooms are used at break for theatre or sports. Everyone will suffer because of these Islamic prayer meetings. But Islamic hegemony is just what Islamists have in store for the future of Canada!
We don't need a  conservative ideologue to mansplain to us what taking a knee "really means." Mr. Kaepernick, why did you take a knee?  <<"I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color," Kaepernick told NFL Media in an exclusive interview after the game. "To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder.">>  http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000691077/article/colin-kaepernick-explains-why-he-sat-during-national-anthem
With good reason. Black people driving their own cars and unarmed are gunned down during traffic stops, harassed on their way to voting booths, arrested without cause, stopped and searched without cause for walking while black. When Charles Dalton talks about white privilege, it is the privilege to travel in public as a free woman or man, without harassment by the police or, for those who don't knuckle under, to be taken to jail or even shot to death on the spot. This happens. If you were a white male in Russia or Ukraine, it could easily happen to you. This is the United States, we're supposed to be free, but often enough, people with power can really hurt you.
Perhaps this example better exemplifies the dominant journalistic ideology. In any event it is hilarious.   Trump quotes now available on demand   You can now get Donald Trump's best and worst quotes on demand via Facebook Messenger, thanks to a new presidential candidate bot known as BFF Trump.  The bot greets users with the following message: “Hi. This is me, BFF Trump! I have opinions on everything from walls to women.”  It then proceeds to spit out quotes from the Republican candidate, ranging from his views on black youth to crying babies. Users can view the source of each quote by clicking the “Really?!” option.   BFF Trump was created by the advertising agency SS+K and bot platform Dexter to try to educate politically-disengaged millennials on what Trump has said in the past on women, immigration and other topics. The agency says it felt compelled to take action given how much is at stake in this year’s election.
The Iranian regime has been a modest regime for the past 40 years. There is no difference between black and white ribbon mullahs. Iran's system is a traditional system. All the mullahs rely on the system of Velayat-e faqih. As a result, you will not find moderate in Iran. Obama tested for eight years and lost. Now the Iranian mullahs have been isolated. Especially after the Riyadh conference, which was a great development. The mullahs have a hard time going out of the crisis. They will not give Iranian citizens any kind of mercy. Because they executed 100,000 Iranians. Iranian people are opposed to the mullahs. These are the last days of the Iranian mullahs' life
What??? Rachel Dolezal a.k.a. Nkechi Amare Diallo isn't black? Gee-zus. Next you'll be telling me Elizabeth "Fauxcahontas" Warren isn't Native American.
So you've read the 42nd Congress, and Obama's party of  Ku Klux Klansmen on parade in the Chicago Police Department?   Tell me Mike, how many democrats at Harvard Law School, still haven't read the Justice, from Washington State writing on the Klan, in Chicago?  In 1961, Justice William O Douglas, discussed 1861. Democrats inbreeding, now playing for thousands of years. Chicago's Finest! Ever been up Highway 12, to the William O. Douglas Hunting Grounds. Shoot a Democrat, save a Nation.  8th grade reading comprehension confuses many Klansmen, running you local school district also.  Under R.S. § 1979, derived from § 1 of the "Ku Klux Act" of April 20, 1871, petitioners (six Negro children and their parents) brought an action in a Federal District Court against the City of Chicago and 13 of its police officers for damages for violation of their rights under the Fourteenth Amendment.   https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/365/167/case.html
In 2015, according to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black. http://www.dailywire.com/news/7264/5-statistics-you-need-know-about-cops-killing-aaron-bandler
Interesting that George Will should be huffy about a Trump not representing the soul of the Republican Party.  Yet he must be aware that Trump is the end point, a culmination of almost 100 years of Republican flirting for Southern votes, which congealed as The Southern Strategy with Nixon and Reagan appealing to White racism in the South following passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1965, which caused Southern White racists to abandon the Democratic Party.  Republicans signaled with "dog whistle" cues, implying they supported segregation and keeping Black people down.  Trump's big triumph was jettisoning "political correctness", and appealing directly and unapologetically to racial bigotry.  And just look how many fish he caught!  Republicans have made their bed and will have to sleep in it.  May they sleep a hundred years.
It will  do nothing to soften  the  caustic attitude held by many of the black communities that Canada today  is still just a racist hell hole on par with South African of 1900,  and   Jim Crow America circa 1955..   If anything thing this will make race relations in Canada worse.
Would the city support a Black Lives Matter conference? How about a NAACP conference? Maybe a Hispanic Chamber of Commerce? I honestly think the Mayor stuck his foot in his mouth on this one. What other rallies have been deadly? Are those groups banned from gathering here in Colorado Springs?
Hitler was a leader among his peers as well.  Most of his followers supported his contributions as well. That is the problem.  Non-white individuals are not going to "just get over it."  They are not ignorant, nor are they mean-spirited.   The education Deady supported was for whites only.  It was a racist institution and in some many ways those vestiges still remain.    The question here and now is does the University, that was founded on those racist principles, want to keep that legacy?  If not, then change the names.  If you were a student or faculty member of color would you appreciate these monuments?  What if it was a black supremacist who founded that institution?  Should his name stay up?     It isn't mean-spirited it is time for a change.  Either Oregon gets rid of  the vestiges that continually remind us that this is a racist state, or it sends a clear message, racism is alive and well in Eugene.
Well I am sorry you feel that way but if we ordain married men we will be placing all women under the voice and total control of all men in this church.  I have to wonder if the hierarchy were suggesting doing the same thing based on race, and keeping all black men voiceless and voteless, in our church would you be so unable to see the only result that can come from this decision?     Boff is able to promote justice and is not doing so.  These married men are able to promote justice and are not doing so.  Our pope has the authority to ordain women priests tomorrow. Where is the difficulty on your part?  W\hat part of treating women as sacramental slaves to men seems acceptable to you?   Many of these married men seeking ordination do not support women ever being ordained priests so I don't understand where you are coming from.  Sexism is more harmful and lethal in the world than racism.  That is fact not opinion.  To support gender segregation increase all the harm that sexism creates.
Skyline4me: It's possible your black friends are statistical anomalies; if not, I suspect they just aren't telling you the truth.  You might want to read this article by journalist Desmond Cole: "The Skin I’m In: I’ve been interrogated by police more than 50 times—all because I’m black"  ~  https://torontolife.com/city/life/skin-im-ive-interrogated-police-50-times-im-black/
In a different sense but still a longitudinal study.   It doesn't have to be black families with two parents and one at home. Nor does it have to be exactly the same kind of preschool program.   Similar results even if different metrics on success apply.   Im saying cause and effect has been replicated.
I think it is sad that the elephant in the room has still not been addressed. This was a great opportunity to put the rights of whites in SA to bed: can they own land, must there be restitution of some sorts, must white guilt live on in perpetuity, can blacks be racist, were the black tribes who came down the east coast not immigrants and colonizers as well,  etc ? Instead we will all continue to pussyfoot around each other because populism and being PC rules. SAD
If we look beyond the hysterics, black males are proportionately as likely as white males to have encounters with the police--there is no racial bias there.  So then (as some of the protestors and their allies have said) the issues are bigger and have more justification in broader racial bias.  And we can perhaps to make the world racially neutral, hence my suggestion for player ratios.
I thought the kneeldowns started as a protest against police disproportionately killing unarmed black men? That's what Kaepernick said.  Through the first 6 months of this year, apparently, 28 unarmed people were killed by police, and 7 were black.
This is a sad day when innocent lives are lost during a police encounter. Its a sad day when our police are targeted and killed because of some very bad decisions by the few. This is getting out of control. Stop this madness. BLM needs to focus also on making blacks lives better not rail against all police. We as a nation know so many crimes are committed by blacks, even blacks on blacks, i.e Chicago? Non blacks are leery of blacks already because of this bad behavior because a large percentage of crimes are committed by them. Personally, I despise the white trash criminal even more. Either way, let justice prevail for officers who make very bad decisions, and yes we need to all come together to understand each other and respect each other. I love a law abiding citizen no matter what color, but will never support a criminal of any color. I feel for the families of the people who were shot, both the civilians and the officers. This is all so wrong!
I think you are probably right that we could have done with more attention to the plight of Oregon's aborigines over the generations, but even in the nineteen-fifties it was clear to school kids that we had not lived up to our Indian lands treaties.  It was also clear that, in addition to the banning of slavery in the Territory, the original state constitution banned blacks from living here.  But all that old history does not explain why there has not been an influx of blacks to Oregon in the years since, say, World War II.  Isn't fair to think that is less because of discrimination but rather simply because there has not been a critical mass minority population here that might have attracted more?
I suspect the money quote is Pope Benedict's endorsement if Democratic Socialism, along with his seeking a better form of capitalism, although essentially that would be cooperative socialism.  AEI and Brooks exist to defend their donor class, which hold the wealth.  In theory, welfare reform was supposed to increase opportunity.  It did not.  It led to more disability claims and permanent poverty and the Republican penchant for criminalizing black men is anything but a boost in opportunity. It is yet another go at separating the worthy and unworthy poor, which is not a part of Catholic teaching.  All are worthy of help.  In Homeland Security Secretary Gehring had the moral courage to change policy on immigration, he would not have his job.  The Trump victory was not a win for the working class.  It was the last hurrah of that portion of the Baby Boomers who went to Viet Nam and loved Reagan (and Wallace).  The Texas bishops are resisting the result, sadly, cities are state creatures.
What exactly makes you a victim? What have you been denied? I see you believe in alt-facts, in other words lies. Please give us the year and date that white racism stopped effecting public policy? Black America is doing better than rural white America these days. We are not where we want to be, and we are not where will be, but thank God we are not where we use to be. We are living longer that rural, poorly educated, white people. BTW, one of Sessions 1st acts as the AG was to tell police departments not to worry about being investigated for killing unarmed people in general and black people in particular. That is racist and unconstitutional to me. Take responsibility for your choices and maybe you can retire early like me. Jesse Jackson can be bought. What have you lost to black racism? Get a good education, that is how you take advantage of globalization. That is how you succeed based on merit. White women have been the primary beneficiaries from Affirmative Action and Title 9.
You apparently don't pay attention much.  When one of them was robbed there wasn't a she's a victim outcry it was that she deserved it.  You know kind of like this woman deserves to go to jail based on virtually nothing in way of facts but lots of innuendo.  If the police laid out at time x there was a confrontation at time y the homeless man was shot, at time z the young lady drove off... That would be more factual than some time later.  Some time later could be 1 minute or 1 hour or 3 hours... and the fact pattern changes a lot if it is 1 minute later compared to 3 hours later. Similarly if we changed the 'rich young white woman' (OMG privilege) with just about any other race socio economic status individual the outrage largely goes away.  Thus the problem.  Hell if it had been a poor black person it wouldn't have even made the paper (see Chicago)
Here's a handy website that will demonstrate that poverty falls along race lines in the U.S. and that Blacks and Hispanics are disproportionately represented among the poor your suggestion concerning "plenty of blacks living the dream" notwithstanding.  Percentages for Oregon were not available but for Washington state poverty rates among different groups is as follows: whites-9% blacks- 37% hispanic- 18% http://kff.org/other/state-indicator/poverty-rate-by-raceethnicity/
I liken this rabble of the left destroying statues to ISIS who are bombing historical monuments to wipe out the past they are trying erase How can we go forward is we don;t remember or learn from the past?  Thus one can easily see and assume that the radical left, natives, narco-fems, and every other wierdo group are trying to wipe out our history because they are simply ISIS in the mirror  It was Obama btw who opened the wounds of class. It was Obama who told blacks to organize into Black Lives Matter, It as Obama who split America down race, economic, and cultural lines.  Trump is just reaping the horror as the slobbering zombie left that was triggered and unleashed by agent provacateurs paid for by two billionaires hell bent on creating a Caliphate in the West.  Again the left as ISIS has never been discussed but needs to be.  We should also audit the Trudeau Foundation it is receiving 100s of millions form Arab groups to open the borders to Muslims. Why is this never discussed?
one of her co-committee people was furiously defending her last night, saying she would NEVER.  theresa is just like her.  they sat around and decided they couldn't strategize their way out of this, and rather than offering an apology directly to jamie, they just shut it all down.  white women apologizing to a black woman?  never, in their little circle.  good riddance.
It is not the act of leaving or removing statues that's the issue. It the motives and beliefs behind the acts. In that sense, ones who want the Lee statue remaining in place share the same hateful ideology as the terrorist groups that want to destroy symbols opposed to their views. Hate is not about leaving or destroying physical structures, it's all about willingness to kill another human being to promote one's hateful agenda. Hate is about believing Jews and Blacks or any other groups needing to be exterminated or subjugated to your rule.
1) Donating (by personal choice) money is not "redistribution" of wealth. that is reserved for socialists and in many cases, government as well.  2) Comprehension requires the ability to understand what is said or written. REPEATING HERE: As I said already, rather than kneeling during our National Anthem, "shouldn't the protesting players donate all but about $100,000 of their salaries to help with inner city, minority, unfair treatment area's instead? Do what President Trump is doing actually? Donate their pay to what matters, to what they feel can and will make a difference? People would support that."   3) Now lets get back to taking full personal responsibility for racist comments... as they continue (you: "one standard for black athletes") ...sooooo twisted and full of Hate.   4) There is no room in American society for racists. None.    5) We are done, I do not speak to, write to or respond to racists. They are hateful nasty people. I have wasted enough time with you.
There's a difference between right and wrong. Conservatives know what that difference is. Liberals choose the side of wrong most of the time. Conservatives know the KKK is wrong---they are the bad guys.They also know Black Lives Matters are the bad guys because they march and chanted they wanted dead cops dead . They wanted them dead now. Liberals demand tolerance on issues , yet have absolutely none for anyone who dares to disagree with them.  Your head democrat Hillary Clinton  , instead of accepting millions simply disagreed with her position on issues , called them deploribles .Even now you attack anyone who voted for Trump.  Here we have our nation rallying around Texas and you sick people complain about Trump showing he's our nations leader by going to Texas and the shoe's his wife wears there. You always hope and pray Trump does something wrong , instead of hoping he does the right thing . And no matter what he does , you scream it's wrong and you should resist him. That's sick.
Well personally, as a white guy I was accused of racism by furious armchair warriors each and every time I ever criticized anything to do with Obama, and I voted for the guy twice.   But I wasn't allowed to disagree with anything about him without receiving the racist treatment.   It was ridiculous, and I was no birther or any other such non-sense.  So yea, though there are indeed racists out there upset about a black guy getting elected, that view doesn't represent most white people as far as I've seen.   HATE -- it's what's for breakfast, lunch and dinner anymore.
Do not worry.he will never Going to fail in election. What you think reason for bringing refugees with right out citizenship status? He will get half a million loyal votes right from there. Another million from the refugee sect already here in Canada. Ismail Muslim community is a large vote bank in Toronto. One of the social housing complex near finch & Weston area in Toronto just assigned to them, when poor people black/Hispanic  stay in waiting list to get a spot. Those who liberal weed smokers will learn a lesson soon once these cult take over this country.
My understanding is that the Indians came to SA as indentured labourers to work in the KZN cane fields. They came with nothing. Yet despite the headwinds of apartheid and without any crutches like BEE, no attitude of entitlement etc,  little government help, they built themselves up , with schools, infrastructure and businesses, paid their taxes to the extent that they are now on a  par with the whites who benefited hugely from apartheid. They did this from a position of being worse off than the blacks.  The blacks had land. These Indians did not. You can guess what I am implying.
No I literally did not say that cus he's black. Stereo typing yes, but I'd be shocked if he listened to country music! And his rap sheet says gangsta wanna be. Sheesh, I don't agree with you but I'm not gonna throw labels at you! Must be anothet tolerant dem
Wow, the RG website is really becoming quite a rumor mill.   First we had those reports several days ago of Krysta Albert using the word N I G G E R on her Facebook page, with numerous people labeling her a racist, only to later discover that Facebook confirmed that her account was indeed hacked and compromised the day that post was made.  And now that once Hop Valley becomes part of a large US Corporation, we have a rumor surface that they are violating state labor law in their restaurant.  I find that really most convenient.  And for an anonymous person to cite an anonymous 2nd source who repeated a rumor?  Really, what sort of credibility do you think that gives you??  Do you actually think that just because something is posted on the Internet, that people are going to believe it?  Please give us all a break.
I like this guy's style and confidence. He doesn't seem like a fool either. Sikh's have a wonderful religion and culture. They can also separate their religion from other people's rights. Nice to see some none-white faces (I am white by the way). How about First Nations as minister of environment, justice and /or  Governor General. Let Canada stand for compassion and the dignity of all humans. We are all rowing in this boat called Canada. The world is changing fast. We all need to be pulling the oars in the same direction. (I admit I may not have thought this way 20 years ago.) I am getting older and I don't see everything so 'black/brown and white' anymore. Things are getting interesting.
Nobody can totally escape the zeitgeist one is born into. If the society is fundamentally racist, misogynistic, homophobic  and xenophobic - it is likely that everyone will have elements of these attitudes, even if they don't consciously realize it.  Even a person who is black or female or gay will have these same attitudes about themselves, subconsciously or not. Example: nobody feels "less" for being blond instead of redhead. But every gay kid worries about being gay before slowly accepting him/herself. Why? Because they have internalized the homophobia that permeates society. So TO AN EXTENT we are ALL racist, homophobic, misogynistic  etc.  The main thing is to recognize the signs and work to eliminate the overt  reactions. Born in 1911, my father was racist - everyone was. At 90 he announced that he had changed because, in and out of hospitals, he realized how nice, competent and decent black people actually were. ""How could I still have my old ideas?" he asked.   Exactly!
Aside from the percentage of NFL fans that are black, nah. The white NFL fan base I guarantee skews heavily conservative/Republican.
Very insightful. I know, basically, my family history - Swedish from Dad's side, Irish, Welsh and Native American from Mom's. Although the old folks would deny it and we know the family history back to 1810 (on Mom's side), it wouldn't surprise me if there's some black because of the curly hair, but that could just as easily be from the Irish. DNA results wouldn't really change who I am. I was raised to respect all of the cultures that my parents brought to the table. Candy in our shoes for St. Lucia's Day, lots of foods from the European side of the family. Our bedtime stories were about the world on the turtle's back. Mom used to terrify me on Halloween with wendigo (not from Mom's tribe, actually). The fact still remains that we're all about 10 generations removed from each other ... at the most. DNA shouldn't change who we are because ultimately we are the sum total of who we were raised to be, not who slept with who centuries ago.
Talking about Jim crow laws in and of themselves have nothing to do with most topics being discussed.  Liberals drag them into the discussion if it has to do with Charlottesville even though they don't apply there either.  My point was to expose the hypocrisy of those who want to deny people due process.  Blacks were denied due process often under Jim crow laws and the same people who are outraged by that are fine with people on college campuses being denied due process.  Now do you see the correlation?
I believe you`al need to check out the definition of racist.  Seems if you don't like it, paint it racist.  All and all got too much American history on racism... in black, white, and red blood.
It’s just a weird series of coincidences based on his not knowing any better that he hired a bunch of Nazis to his staff, won’t distance himself from the Klan, hired Kobach and Hans von Spakovsky and Jeff Sessions and his only governing principle is overturning everything President Black Man did. Really, it’s sad because he just means well and is in over his head.
actually, the evidence shows that its not the protests that are responsible -- its the situation that lead to the protests.    Why else would black enrollment drop 42% -- twice the rate of the drop in white enrollment?    Students did not want to be associated with a school that was so profoundly racist....  Now, you can make the argument that the protesters were to blame for bringing national attention to the racism and hate that pervaded Mizzou...but that would just affirm the suspicion that you're merely an apologists for bigotry.
Bill: To be sure, the (here's a nice sociologists' term for you) cumulative circular social interaction which characterizes the relationship between a few, some, or many (take your choice) Blacks and a few, some or many (again take your choice) police officers is too often negative, threatening and escalates to violence.  In many instances Blacks are afraid of the police and fear violence...and, of course, police are afraid of Blacks and fear violence.. guess what, such circumstances often lead to hasty, fearful decisions, mistakes and unnecessary violence.  It's all very very sad.    "Black lives matter" and "all lives matter"........IMO, it's important to remember that a Black individual, especially a Black man, is significantly more "at risk" when stopped by the police than a "white guy" like me (and, I'm guessing here) you.  The number of Black men killed by the police is (by percentage) far higher than for whites.  "black lives matter" works to address this issue.  Gary Crum
In 1931, during the midst of the "Great Depression", President Herbert Hoover signed a bill into law making "The Star-Spangled Banner" the official anthem.   The 3RD and "forgotten stanza" of the song, was about killing the slaves who fought for their freedom with the British. Oh, why don't we sing that verse along with our peanuts and beer?   "No refuge could save the hireling and slave   From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave,   And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave   O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave."  You see, the author of The Star Spangled Banner was a slaveholder who believed blacks to be a distinct and inferior race of people. Key did not have the enslaved black population of America in mind when he penned the words “land of the free.”   Two units of black slaves were recruited between 1808 and 1816 to fight for the British on the promise of gaining their freedom.  Oh say can you see, by the cons early blight? Time for a new anthem.
re: Cannabis and Christ Cannabis is an herb, not a drug, that has an ancient history of ritual use and is found in pharmacological cults around the world. Over time, many medicinal uses and physical benefits were discovered. In the 20th century, political "Reefer Madness" swept the country and "marijuana" was criminalized in an effort to control growing minorities, particularly Blacks and Mexicans. Current and reliable information and research about the medical and the psychological benefits of cannabis, as well as the social drawbacks, is becoming available. Verdict: Christ offered us bread and wine, fruit of the earth and work of human hands. Cannabis is also fruit of the earth and work of human hands. Bread and wine and cannabis not only can coexist with Christ, they are part of the seed-bearing treasure God gave us. (Gn. 1:29)
95%: context matters - numbers are meaningless without it. Equivalence in suffering/deprivation?  Seriously?  How far back in South African History will you go and how nuanced will your analysis be? I could not agree with you more about the  breakdown of the social fabric of the black community due to migrant labour. On its own and not by comparison to a perceived greater or lesser suffering it was an affront to humanity. Land. The SAN and the NAMA, the original inhabitants of South Africa. Natal Coolie Law of 1859 for allocation of then Crown land: Indians owned land as far back as the 1870s (Natal Coolie Law of 1859). As far back as 1894 there was land appropriation from the inhabitants by the Whites. Everyone of us without SAN/NAMA ancestry is technically a thief by your reasoning.  Economic Exclusion: how far back in South African history will you go? Transvaal's Act 3 of 1885? If you want to mount an argument about privilege don't cherry pick your moments in history. Nuff said!
He needs to learn about double standard (Cracker). Good Job Tenana, I'm sure there is more to the story. Typical black man Screaming wolf
"Gays can purchase any pre made cake they want at Masterpiece Bakery because it's right." My God, you convict yourself with your own words. How is what you wrote any different from "Blacks can ride any public bus they please, as long as they sit in the back"? No, Thor, gay couples cannot be restricted to pre-made cakes from a bakery shop that provides custom cakes to straight couples. That's discrimination.
Jim, good point.  Typically group migration occurs when a few staunch Pioneers  move to an area and send back positive reports to friends and relatives, thus creating  a "critical mass ".  Thanks to discrimination and our Exclusion law this never happened in Oregon.  Plus, almost without slaves, we had no black population to build upon.  Later   in the 1920s  Oregon embraced Jim Crow and as you know the KKK flourished here.  The first large black influx was during WWII when they were needed in the defense shipbuilding plants.  But with the war's end and the loss of Vanport, they were  no longer  wanted and segregation   became especially strong in Oregon.  Almost no  housing or jobs were open to them, even in Portland.  I remember.  Things finally began to get better with the passage of the Public Accommodation act in 1953 but Oregon's reputation as a place unfriendly to African-Americans has continued.  Our "history" is still alive, affecting life today, and hard to overcome..
Who's killing all the black men?  Not the cops - they are responsible for less than 1% of murdered black men  The real truth, not found any where in this article, is that other black men are killing black men.  Over 90% of the time, a black man is killed by another black man.    Now why wouldn't this article mention that?
Look, most of us that disagree with Kap, disagree most with his method.  I believe he deliberately chose the method that gave him the most visibility.  It wasn't the most effective method.  It was considered an insult by many patriotic Americans.  People that might have been sympathetic towards his aims of equality and reduction in black deaths at the hands of police, are less so when you insult their country.  And don't give me the "don't tell a black man when he can and can't talk".  He can talk when his employer allows and supports him.  He can't say whatever he wants and wherever he wants without consequences.   He is a low level starter at best, and a more probably a serviceable backup in the right system (without any baggage).  He has lots of baggage and has encouraged many others to become a distraction as well.  I wouldn't hire him for any job, let alone to be the face of my team.  He's not to be trusted.  The NFL didn't blackball him, he blackballed himself.
I suppose there are some who believe the way you have described above. So what! You can find all kinds of ideas out there on immigration or any topic. Just as there are Hispanics who are racists or think that gays are perverts, or blacks that think they are superior to other races.   Simply because there are those who are categorically anti-immigrant, that does not tell us anything about Trump's views.
big misunderstanding,,,,, dog was black, guard was pilipino,  both in defense mode
Eliminate Affirmative Action, then maybe we can allow DACA to stay in U.S. Affirmative Action currently discriminates against whites  and Asians.  For example,  when medical school applicants with equal qualifications, grades, etc., are considered... 90% of black applicants get into medical school, while much lower percentage of  Asians and Whites are accepted. There are 800,000 or so DACA.  We cannot continue to prop-up certain minorities at the expense of whites and Asians.
So, what is the official position of the NRA on the police killing of Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte, NC?  I poked around and couldn't find anything.  NC is an open carry state so the police have no right to demand that citizens disarm - or do they :)  Couldn't find any public statements form Wayne LaPierre either.    Rev. Barber:  "we have a situation where there are only three possible scenarios. One, an unarmed African-American man with a book was shot, and the police, black and white, conspired to place a gun at the scene to suggest that he had been aggressive. Two, an African-American man had a gun, which is not illegal in North Carolina, an open-carry state, and was shot by the police. Three, an African American had a gun, brandished it violently at the police and was shot."
I think my black friends in my senior age group can rummage through their basements and find one for you to copy and hand out to business's who want to discriminate against a specific class of people.
Why doesn't the article mention that he is black. Same paper same day has a headline that makes a big deal out of a white police officer punching a black suspect with little or no context. This silliness has to stop. There are many reasons people do not see the press in a warm light.
"Oddly, same voters who voted for a Black president, twice, in just these last 8 years"  Really, utilitas?  So all of Trump's voters voted for Obama?  You are living in your own alt-universe.  Trump got fewer votes than Romney in 2012.  You have failed to show one untrue thing I have said.  Why? Because you can't.
Well written by a liberal that gives the ideology a much higher degree of integrity than simple slogans or broad accusations.     What liberal thinking means to me is that all ideas are at least considered, not rejected as out of hand simply because it doesn't fit the current dominant opinion.  To be honest, it's a good trend for liberals but not one likely to be taken to heart by the current reactionary right, (that is NOT all conservatives)  Anger has a way of distorting our judgements.  It's great to pump up a crowd, bad for the innocent who are going to get run over by the mob.   It's a populist tactic used by both conservatives and liberals.  It's touted as 'honest' but it's true nature is being a 'concrete head' that can't see anything but black and white in a world with many colors.     Kristof acknowledges that liberal arrogance is demeaning and a source of anger.     That's kind of self criticism is a part of living a life with discernment and wisdom.
We see a lot of anti Trump stories but nothing about the Mexicans burning the American flag and waving Mexican flags at the Trump event in San Jose.  Also what about the San Jose Mayor telling the police to stand down so they let that woman get beat up by a bunch of anti Trump people in San Jose?  And where was Obama on this?  Nowhere to be found.  If this had been whites beating up a black person Obama would have been right on top of it.  I think Trump is what is needed in America today.  The minorities think they can get by with anything.
Michael  I'm guessing you mean "Reconstruction"....not the Reformation...that was something quite different.  Indeed, "radical Reconstruction" was a period of disenfranchisement of those who participated in the War on the Confederate side.  Indeed, the governments in the South were controlled by "carpetbaggers",, often abolitionists who came to the South and did, as you suggest  participate in punishing the Southerners who had supported the Confederacy.  And, in 1877, Reconstruction ended, former Confederate leaders came to power and the Era of Jim Crow began.... They couldn't reinstitute slavery, but they came as close as they could get by with.......which was pretty damn close.  Blacks in the South were subjected to institutionalized racism which lasted over 70 years.  Those statues in question were erected as a celebration of that JimCrow era and a reminder to African Americans just who was "boss"......and who was "boy."   As such, they should be removed.  Gary Crum
I am not aware of even a single example of white people refusing to accept the enrollment of black students at Mizzou.  That statement is nothing more than a cheap attempt to excuse the actions of a professor that used profanity against police, threatened a student with physical violence, and trampled on the first amendment.  Click is the embodiment of the term "crybully".
What month is white history month? What month is Asian month?  What month is Hipanics month?  Why is the only National Holiday named after a person a black man? Enuf with all the race baiting. Just look at Chicago, Detroit and Baltimore!
While I don't dispute your facts, we are not talking about the same women. So, yes, it makes sense that those who can afford not to work outside the home might stay home.  What doesn't follow is your assumption that sexual harassment is the cause. You remind me of 1950s America when most US white women listed their job as homemaker while nearly all women of color listed their job as maid.  My guess is that there were many white maids as well.  Choosing is less of an option for the poor.  And, yes, I loved the sarcasm.
From middle school to college, blacks today are doing a pretty good job of segregating themselves.  And I bet very few black kids today could name even one of these brave Nine who risked so much for them.
It shows on my computer.  Sometimes there appears to be a delay.  Repeat:    Successes such as those of Dr. Benjamin Carson, General Colin Powell, or any successful black person, must be ignored by Charles because they do not match his racist views of permanent and total oppression by anyone who doesn't have his particular skin color. No doubt the appointment of the new Dean of the U of O Law School, who I see from her picture appears to be a black woman, is yet another example of the continuing oppression by those who are clinging to '1950's white privilege'.  His racism cannot be disturbed by facts.  His tombstone will read: "A Victim of 1950's White Privilege".
Forget about the Catholic component. It's very clear that race is as important an issue in this election as gender. Whites by and large are going for Trump and non-whites are for Clinton. Men by and large and going for Trump and women for Clinton. Clearly, we've reached a moment in our history where we're retreating into our tribal bases. That's a very sad commentary on the state of a nation that was founded on the idea of disparate peoples coming together. That whole sense seems to be totally gone.   Republicans who defend Donald Trump talk a lot about "taking their country back." Implicit in that statement is taking it back from blacks, women (who've gotten too uppity), gays, Muslims, and immigrants - all the way back to a time when straight white men ruled the world and everyone else had to cow-tow to them. Well those days, thankfully, are never coming back.  This is the election in which empowered femininity will vanquish toxic masculinity and the U.S.A. will be much better for it.
I suggest that to accuse me of making a cheap shot is itself a cheap shot.  When has there been, in the recent past, a feeling among whites in general, or even among a sizable minority of whites, that Black lives don't matter?
.  Pride Toronto's decision to cave in to the unreasonable demands of the local BLM was a mistake.  BLM is waging a just campaign for black people in many locales.  Toronto isn't one of them.  If BLM, and Toronto Pride, want to be taken as credible, they need to drop the blind confrontationalism and learn to reach out to all parties for cooperation in their community.  .
Diversity is good and the sooner that it is accepted, the better. But in Oregon with 2.1% Black/African American population, why is a 2% Black/African American population at UO unacceptable?
Heard an interesting take on the black man behind little 'd' holding a sign, I guess the WaPo looked him up and based on his website he's a true nutcase. But that said, little 'd' is addicted to attention and so holds these "rallies" to feed his ego, nothing more. And the pity-party of Donny John just blames everyone else for how bad his lot in life has become...not a responsible bone in his body! In truth he just doesn't care about America, he cares about himself...only and solely himself.
Based on the murdered victim's girlfriend's iPhone video, it looked like she was driving the car and the murdered victim was sitting in the passenger's seat.  I want to know why the white police officer was screaming orders at the passenger.   I'll bet the police officer has a jucy story of why he was on the passenger side of the car instead of the driver's  side.  And why was he shooting into the car when there were children in the back seat?  We already know the outcome of this case; innocent by virtue that it was a white police officer and guilty because the car's occupants were black.  Dats da way it's done in Texas.  Next.
1.  Ignoring, of course, that First Nations people want to have their own separate institutions and political sphere, and blacks did not want to be segregated.  Which is to say, your comparison is nonsense.
Black job seekers are often turned away by U.S. companies on the assumption that they do drugs.    Applicants with white-sounding names get one callback per 10 resumes sent while those with African-American-sounding names get one callback per 15 resumes, according to a 2003 National Bureau of Economic Research report. “Based on our estimates,” the researchers wrote, “a White name yields as many more callbacks as an additional eight years of experience.”  African Americans are routinely under-treated for their pain compared with whites, according to research. They found that fully half of white medical students and residents thought at least one of the false statements presented was possibly, probably or definitely true.Moreover, those who held false beliefs often rated black patients' pain as lower than that of white patients and made less appropriate recommendations about how they should be treated.
Read_On_the_Run_about_being_young,_black_and_from_Philly
Yes, breathing while black.
People misconstrue race and culture. Like it or not there is a distinctive flavor to the white culture as is there to the others be they carried on by blacks, hispanics, muslims, or others.    Unfortunately the liberal mantra that we are all the same is just a crock.  Its the ticket that gives creedence to those who are trying to flee the effects of cultures they abhor while at the same time demanding their culture be added to (or supercede ) the one they are "joining."    For a long time I've thought a ought to print up a bunch of bumper stickers that say "Diverity-the path to totalitarianism."   The more we keep heaping this "diversity" garbage on the Republic the faster she will continue to crumble under the weight of such insane BS.    When casting your vote in a few weeks please keep the Republic in mind....
Notice how non-Hispanic, non-Black criminal mugshots are first things they put up..
I think they are doing more influence with this than without after all you are talking about it and it is a major article on Globe and Mail. They have achieved their goal. It will be a major election issue next year. It will be interesting to see if Doug Ford will be running. He has 80+% support in the Black Community.
It does seem odd they couldn't find any 'people of color' to make part of the story, even though there are several Latino or Black business owners in the area.
Who do you think funds university systems and tax credits for Big Oil, Black?  Oh yeah, Mother Nature sprouts up money trees across the good U.S.A.  Proceed with your bigoted comments, Black.  Your name isn't Black either.  Haha
I believe you have effectively characterized my unease about travelling to the USA while the travel ban is in effect when you say "At this moment, entering Trump’s America feels akin to patronizing a golf course that excludes blacks, a health club that refuses membership to Jews."   Thank you for voicing your reasoned opinion.
About 11 million illegals are estimated to be in the US. About 60 % of these have been there for a decade or more.  Clinton got 95 % of the black vote.  Looks suspicious to me....
<sigh> I know a lot about my own history, more about specific histories than you (care to comment on the Russian colonization of Alaska and its effect on native populations?), and of course less about black history than you do. Your take on this is colored (sorry) by your personal history. Understanding the world means being able to look beyond one's personal experiences, as you seem unwilling to do and yet demand that everyone else do.
I get your point - one is essentially a speech issue versus a strict voting issue - but don't miss the forest for the trees as they say. If one "voter" can spend unlimited amounts of his/her billions on an election versus my $5 contributions - that's obviously not a fair system. The evidence of voter fraud is very thin - unless you deal in the issue of the completely unregulated millions of "dark money" spent on our elections. Ultimately the main issue at hand is the integrity of our voting system. And unregulated corporate spending and very real efforts at voter suppression of poor, Black, Latino votes is the much larger issue which the Trump administration is obviously completely unconcerned about - in favor of this imaginary voter fraud issue.
You're spot-on correct.  Your post illuminates the fact that, here, Patkotak patently lies when she parrots the same MSNBC/ Social Justice Warrior (SJW) fallacy that, "Because African-American men are incarcerated at disproportionate rates, it must necessarily mean that we are not a just and integrated nation."  What Patkotak can know, and chooses to ignore (ergo, the use of the word "lie" above) is that blacks are incarcerated at disproportionate rates because they commit disproportionate amount of the crime: Despite making up just 13% of the population, blacks committed half of homicides in the United States for nearly 30 years: http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/htus8008.pdf  Since males make up 90% of those in jail- is our justice system sexist against males?  This opinion piece misses, just, well- everything.
I am not sure why the Klan diminishes greatly in 1925 in Oregon. A black man, Timothy Pettis, was murdered in Marshfield (now Coos Bay) in 1924. The Klan was suspected but the case was never solved.  His body was mutilated and left in the bay. Although a $500 reward was offered by local authorities and another $100 by the local black community, the murder remained unsolved.  Previous to this blacks were terrorized, but not actually murdered by the Klan in Oregon. I am not sure if this lead to many people dropping out of the Klan or not as the case was not solved and there was not proof that the Klan was responsible. In Eugene it appears one of the focuses was on getting rid of the police chief who was Catholic and that effort was successful. The Klan did not succeed in denying the hospital (what would become Sacred Heart) non-profit status because it was Catholic or in trying to forbid the Catholic Newman Center next to campus from serving U of O students.
Fake news...Black Lives Matter was born out of the Trayvon Martin tragedy not Ferguson. Get your opinions (facts) straight.
We have live ones in SA, too.  BLF, Manyi, JZ783 spring to mind.  Plus a whole wad of racists (black and white)  Many are simply sad misanthropes, former victims now turned to perpetrators.   Best thing is to empower our kids with the pre-internet bullying antidote that  "sticks and stones can hurt my bones but names* can never hurt me"  For JZ783, who deservedly feels inferior and contemptible: nor artworks or news items
Truth for you Charles. The dem. party has failed the blacks, the repub. party has failed the blacks, in fact both parties have failed our inner cities. Why not try something different? We know doing the same thing over and over will get the same results over and over.  And please, quit calling everyone who did not support HRC raciest. There are quite a few of us who feel just the opposite and knowing truth want a better life and future for our citizens. Bill Clinton, with HRC as his closest advisory, " did it off the backs of African-American and Latino men and women in 1994 when he signed into law the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act. In 1996, he signed into law welfare reform that gutted the safety net for poor and working families. He deregulated Wall Street, passed NAFTA and ushered in a modern era of free trade that has had disastrous results for countries and people all over the world." cont;
Who exactly are you to suggest how black people ought to protest? Glad you offered an option comfortable to YOU.
Why do these highly-skilled, industry-seasoned, best-of-breed American bed-making college students you speak of have to be "white"? Are you saying that African- and Asian- and Hispanic Americans are better suited for making the beds of people in Serbia and China? Or that white people won't work for 20 RMB/hour, but other colors will?
Oh, the irony. If I were black, I'd take issue with use of the terms 'our' and 'we' in the lead paragraphs, where the context had not yet been set.  The description should have been more appropriately described as 'the dominant people - white people, and black people'.
How in the world is this acceptable in your mind?  “I hope everyone has cameras on this black dude, working for his white master paying him a dollar. I think it’s the same black dude, so I hope we got cameras. This is to you, Mr. Brother, this Uncle Tom working for your white master. Sambo, Sambo—let’s talk about it."  The political process is about making allies not tearing people down. Let's be clear. This obsession these activists have with Uncle Ike's is the worst intersection of racialism and reefer madness. Let's be clear what "lowering rents" without rent control entails. It entails denying already poor communities quality businesses and living spaces. If people are having trouble finding jobs or transport to jobs because of their race it is a completely different problem than new development going up. Denying black communities new development an condemning them to poverty is not acceptable.  Also, I couldn't care less about churches. Especially if they are race based.
Donald Trump has admitted that he likes to 'augment truth'; actually I say a basic (strategic) trait of his personality. This is the case of any politician, even more so on the campaign trail. So we can not take for granted all that was reported and out of context most of the time to help media boost their own ratings.  As for Conrad 'hasbeen' Black he can posture all he wants he is a non factor. And a bunch of old Republicans tooting their own horns is not impressive either. I think this guy ows to very few people so we will have to wait and see to find out how he really sets up. I came to this conclusion when I finally could find his speech of Tuesday night. It seemed to me that his supporters were stunned by what they heard, ready that they were to chant 'lock her up', while he actually praised Sec. Clinton.
Notice the article doesn't mention how the ratings are the worst in years and sinking. Actually, I believe they are helping the President, because anyone with common sense is tired of the "group think" of Hollywood. One quote from the article stands out, [“I want to thank Trump for making black people No. 1 on the most oppressed list. He’s the reason I’m probably up here,” Glover said]. Is Donald Glover aware that Blacks did poorly under the last administration?  The answer is probably not, because he and his colleagues did quite well. In other words, Hollywood is out of touch with America.
Who are you to pass judgment on Dawson?  Isn't he an actor?  Isn't that what actors do.... Play and act in roles other than what or who they are?  Since when did it become law that only Hawaiians can play Hawaiians, only blacks can play blacks, only Koreans can play Koreans, etc?
It's worse than that.  I saved a bunch of ADN posts of local white folks DEFENDING Ellis.  The same ones who angrily demanded summary execution for a young black man who was arrested because he was--WRONGLY, as it turns out--connected with a shooting over a skateboard or something.  He was at work.  I saved those, too.  A comparison of the posts pretty much speaks for itself.  I may post 'em in here as reminders of what the REAL nature of our "inclusive" society.
Which part of his statement are you referring to?  The only part of his original comment that is debatable is the reference to Trump's appeal to the undereducated.   The donor class of the GOP abandoned Trump early in the primary.  Trump would be the first to admit he has massive appeal from the undereducated whites in the flyover states, rust belt and the South.  "I love the poorly educated" D.T. Feb 24, 2016.  The primary numbers don't lie.  His strongest demographic was whites with a high school education or less.  Fact.  That's not were I want to hedge my bet when it comes time to choose who leads the country.  Fortunately I'm not too worried as there just isn't that many and he's going to get housed in the general.  He's kind of painted himself into a corner when he's got zero support from educated whites, Hispanics, Latinos, Asians, Natives and African Americans.
Have I missed something?  Has there been a rash of  black people being profiled by the VPD?  Is there any evidence for this?  I've been going to this parade since the '80s and the biggest cheers are usually for cops and fire-fighters in uniform.   Bending to this group is the beginning (well - perhaps, the middle) of end for the parade.
Earns them special treatment in school-including the MCATs- (Medical school testing on proficiency before admittance-think about that!)  Tracked Data from the Association of American Medical Colleges.  * For students applying to medical school with slightly below average GPAs of 3.20 to 3.39 and slightly below average MCAT scores of 24 to 26...black applicants were more than 9 times more likely to be admitted to medical school than Asians (56.4% vs. 5.9%), and more than 7 times more likely than whites (56.4% vs. 8.0%).   * For all matriculants to US medical schools in the fall of 2015, the average MCAT score for Asians (32.8) and whites (31.8) were above the average MCAT score of 31.4 for all matriculants, while the average MCAT score for Hispanics (28.0) and blacks (27.3) had average MCAT scores below the overall average -  MUCH MORE here!  http://www.aei.org/publication/acceptance-rates-at-us-medical-schools-in-2015-reveal-ongoing-discrimination-against-asian-americans-and-whites/"
UO  - 2% & 1.6% Black (average of 1.8%)  Eugene  - 1.4% Black  Oregon  - 2.1% Black  USA - 13.3% Black  OK Eugenean, what percentage will be acceptable?
Excellent points but predictable.  I wonder if the racist Congressional Black Caucus is down with (D) Hillary as well?  https://cbc-butterfield.house.gov/members
Pt. 2 By 1965, there was a decisive shift in Catholic attitudes and presence in the struggle for racial justice.  In response to Martin Luther King, Jr.'s summons for the nation's religious leaders to come to Selma, Alabama, the response from white priests and sisters was "enormous".  Despite the opposition from the Local Bishops, "priests from fifty different dioceses, sisters and laity flocked to Alabama."  But for the most part, American bishops were passive and tepid in their responses then and sadly, now. -------------------------------------- Cyprian Davis, THE HISTORY OF BLACK CATHOLICS IN THE UNITED STATES [New York: Crossroads, 1990] John T. McGreevy, PARISH BOUNDARIES: THE CATHOLIC ENCOUNTER WITH RACE IN THE TWENTIETH-CENTURY URBAN NORTH [Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1996] Charles Marsh GOD'S LONG SUMMER: STORIES OF FAITH AND CIVIL RIGHTS [Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2008]
I like how racist people sit behind their computer and rant about how a black person is not doing their job. Obviously she was qualified to do the job but since racism still exist she gets the backlash.  It's amazing how some of you want to say it's about her suing but if anyone of you were wrongfully done you'd do the same thing but since you're white it's okay?  Get outta here with that.  If I had a law suit going I'd ask people I know to recommend someone...wouldn't you. So yes it might be the same lawyer.  I just read all these comments and can feel the hatred and bigotry jumping off the page.  That same hatred you're grandparents and parents taught you.  You are not better just different. Get over yourselves...please.  I am almost ready to write Al Sharpton and the whole NAACP and get them involved. Shake Oregon up a bit!
Now I know you're not being disingenuous. You're actually making things up. The Oxford, Merriam-Webster, Vocabulary.com, and Cambridge dictionaries all refer to apartheid via the specific example of South Africa. Merriam-Webster: "racial segregation; specifically a former policy of segregation and political and economic discrimination against non-European groups in the Republic of South Africa." And if you're willing to broaden your mind past a one sentence definition, you can consult Wikipedia for how the system was administered by a white minority over a black majority in that country.   Discrimination of one form or another exists in every nation. You complain that Sharia law discriminates against homosexuals. So does the law in the USA, and until very recently Canada. Does that mean that the US is an apartheid state? No. Homosexuals in the US aren't segregated or politically discriminated against. They are however discriminated against by the state in other ways.
Have you ever been to Chicago? Only about 25 per cent of the officers are black, but  the population of Chicago is 33 per cent black. It may be a racist problem even ignoring the colour of the officer's skin. I would agree that politicians are mostly at fault, but it is also the training and screening of officers that play a big role in how they react to situations. It is a big problem that requires a big solution.   Outlawing guns in Chicago has had no effect as Indiana and Wisconsin are close by and with the proliferation of guns everywhere in the US there is really no way to stop someone in Chicago from getting a gun.
What does that have to do with anything?  Obama didn't choose his  identity. You guys can't even agree whether  Obama is  half a black man or  half a white man.  How about this?  Obama is   'a man'  who 'was' President.  Period!   His policies  were divisive.
"Alt Right" is a valid term describing a valid political movement.  It's called the "Alt Right" to distinguish itself from the traditional right, or the establishment right.  As a new and evolving political movement, the "Alt Right" has broad base of viewpoints but it's not racist.  Are there are racists in the Alt Right? Sure, but no more and no less than in Liberal ranks, Socialist ranks or the establishment right.    The Ontario Liberal government locked up a young First Nations man in solitary for years without a conviction.  The top levels of the Liberal government knew about it, but did nothing.  That's not racism?  Liberal government in Ontario, Conservative Mayor in Toronto. So why is there a Black Lives Matter in Toronto?  Aren't the Liberals and Tories racism free? So why Black Lives Matter then?  The establishment elites want to marginalize the new populism, they want to discredit it and destroy it.  That's why they call us racists. Go ahead, it's not going to save you.
You probably read it from my posts, and it is still true.  Still sore because I proved your anti-Clinton bias is based on lies?  Look, why be a sorehead - just accept that you were wrong.  Just as you are wrong if you think blacks aren't singled out.  People like Lord Twyford are the reason blacks are kept in a cage their whole lives.  You have lived in freedom, let's see some acknowledgement.
For all we know the El Salvadoran could have been racist who harbored a hatred of Nubian blacks. For all we know, religion could have had nothing to do with this.
I'll comment from a slightly different angle here. From all I've heard and can tell, that "uprising" in Ferguson was FAR from all it was portrayed to be. Those who wish to portray it as some kind of "black uprising" are missing a lot in that depiction. From all I've read, the locals who live in Ferguson, protested (if at all) peacefully during the day. They went home, locked their doors, and prayed for safety once nightfall came, and the violent agitators took to the streets. The media loved it, fueled it, and tried to make that violence something it wasn't.  I can't help but wonder how many new businesses have opened in Ferguson since the "protests," how many of the burned out businesses rebuilt there (or even reopened anywhere)? Are the people of that city better off for those "shows of solidarity" by the usual cadre of "get me in front of the camera" black leaders?    The death of Michael Brown was a predictable tragedy. Sadly, the violence that followed was too.  This helps how?
This country has never lived up to it's professed ideals in the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. It started with a bunch of white slave owners declaring freedom. The GOP has been recruiting racists and religious bigots since the 1960's. Of course, their base never admit it. They never take responsibility for their choices when it is much easier to just blame those not like them for their troubles. This works for the GOP elites that are laughing at their base on their way to their off shore banks. Their base want the white privilege they claim doesn't exist. The election of Obama was an insult to their since of reality. He was never suppose to exist. Then he started caring about merit and equality. Those are demotions for poorly educated white folks. Americans have always been willing to kill to get their way. That is why they have no problem with the police killing blacks unnecessarily. They are also okay with poisoning the children in Flint. So much for being pro life.
Black has nothing to do with it.  The secular humanism movement is the reason.
And that is a mid twentieth century phenomena, when liberalism took hold.. There was little Italy, Chinatown, etc in most cities in North America.   In the US, there are very clear white, black and Hispanic areas. Schools today are as segregated as they were 50 years ago. The so-called no go zones of Europe exist in the USA too, except they are much more heavily armed than the European no-go zones. And the police are a lot more trigger happy in the no go zones.
The vast majority of white folks have no idea how much apologizing they need to do. Most of you don't know your own history, much less any other history. Most  black folks would settle for some honesty from you. Most of you seem incapable of that kind of honesty. Ignorance is bliss if you are white. That kind of ignorance gets black people killed. Demanding justice is life threatening if you are black in this country.
Doesn't matter about trump not serving,bill Clinton dodged the draft but is held up as a great president,that is invalid not a lot of presidents served but are patriotic,my point about kaepernick is he was abandoned by his black parents and adopted by white people who loved and nurtured him,and now he begins a protest,which nobody has a problem with just the manner to do it in,yes the USA have done stuff that were wrong,but have stopped it,problems will exists that need to be addressed,the method was wrong and offended a lot of people by it,he offended a lot of black people also,see the comments by Jim brown and others,there is a time and place he picked the wrong one,with his pig socks and Che tshirt,kind of think he has been brainwashed,by his Muslim girlfriend,who knows,the protests will not get anywhere just finger pointing.
It's rather difficult to unite our national community when the "noble" opposition openly pledges to do all they can to insure your failure as a President.  It's rather difficult to unite our national community when your election as the first African-American President of the United States is met with a crescendo of open racism with hundreds of thousands of racist posts on the internet attacking you for daring to "preside while Black."  It's rather difficult to unite our national community when ideologues and zealots dedicate their efforts to divide that national community.    President Obama is a very decent man who has spent his terms in office doing the very best he can for America.  He worked hard to reach "compromise" agreements with the leaders of the GOP.  Each time he took a step to the "right" to try to reach that compromise, those leaders to a step too.....a step further to the right.    He has faced never-ending bigotry and hatred....Mr. Richey's letter is another example
I wish I could provide emphasis in my posts, because I thought the author of the article understood exactly what such a high percentage of European DNA means. " In general, the numbers seem to agree with what one would expect given the history of American colonization by Europeans and their interactions with African and Native Americans." I.e., genocide, slavery and oppression.  Underneath the civil rights progress that has been made since the 1960s, white Americans appear to prefer to form their most significant relationships with other white Americans exclusively, even now.  I can't wrap my head around it, but I can see it and have been able to for a long time.
You have a point, but please don't lump all whites together.  While it is true many people don't like facts because they are inconvenient, you can't know who does and who doesn't.  If non-whites presume to know what whites are thinking, how is that any better than racial profiling by whites?  I am 'white' with bits of many other races mixed in.   Meeting a Black or Latino or Asian and being unable to have a real conversation with them without the 'race thing' getting in the way is neither comfortable nor productive.
Mr Schill commented that the current percentage is not acceptable.  I asked why.   You stated; “How about the current statistical percentages are unacceptable…”   So I’ll also ask you. Why?    Repeatedly saying something is unacceptable is not a valid argument.  You asked “Why does there have to be, as you note a number of times here in your comments, an exact “acceptable” percentage?”  I did not write, note or suggest any such thing. The only thing I did was show that the percentages of Blacks at UO is not out of line with the city and state that the UO is part of.…Period…There’s nothing between the lines here, what you read is all there is.  If you see/read anything else, it's what you put there.  I learned a long time ago that when you tell people something is unacceptable it’s best to be prepared to tell them why it’s unacceptable, how you plan to change it, and what the expected outcome is.
And I could say almost the exact same thing when "Catholics" overwhelmingly supported pro-abortion candidates for office.  It didn't bother them that the candidate supported outright murder, so why should a racist candidate bother the Catholics who voted for Trump?   Murder and racism are equally deplorable are they not?  No matter who you voted for you were voting for people who support deplorable things.  If I voted for Hilary, I am supporting murder of the unborn.  If I vote for Trump, I arguably support a racist candidate.    What I don't understand is why abortion does not bother people as much as racism does--especially given that African American children are aborted at a much higher percentage than white children.
You do know that his base includes blacks and other minorities.  I will be intrigued to read how you deny that reality.
Any time a white guy is accused of a crime, this comment section is crickets. Any time a Latino or African American is accused of a crime, the comments are full of the usual suspects squawking about citizenship, baggy pants, and all sorts of ancillary issues.   White people are seen as individuals in this country and black and brown people are seen as a monolith. We see evidence of this every day. This is one manifestation of structural white supremacy that many people aren't even aware they help perpetuate.
Ramaphosa dealing against Blacks & working in favour of Whites as per his promise to WMC to get help in elections from Rupert.
I didn't say you "conceded" that anti-white racism is prominent in BLM.  Of course you would not expressly concede that.  Indeed, BLM thinks it's impossible for a black to be racist toward whites.  That's how delusional they are.  And you yourself say that in recent times, American whites, in general, have thought black lives don't matter.  BLM says this persists even today.  That's racist.
I was impressed that the Federal Prosecutor would take on the white house over their phony claims, and the way they released tens of thousands based on the Obama doctrine of blacks being persecuted for crimes by the white privileged class. The other DOJ figure I found enlightening was that 85% of the crimes against white victims are by Black and Hispanic  criminals. The only protection the prosecutor who outed the administration is he heads the Federal Prosecutor Association and has a bit of legal protection from harassment, or termination.
Trump was elected to undo most of the last eight years of the Obama administration. The socialist nanny state is not what is best for most American in fact in many ways it is the exactly opposite.   Sociologist Walter Williams  “The welfare state has done to black Americans what slavery couldn’t do, what Jim Crow couldn’t do, what the harshest racism couldn’t do and that is to destroy the black family.”
The media again gets credit for generating riots.  NBC (above) "....fatal police shooting of a black man" as opposed to a non-inflammatory reporting such as: "the police shooting of a man who allegedly refused to drop his gun."
Assume on day one that 30% of the shares are black owned.  Then assume on day two that the blacks sold their shares to a white owned firm.  Would the new white owner be oblige to turn over 30% to black owners?  Race based law can be tricky.
Actually Roof was just another liberal, that is until he started reading up on all the Black-on-white murders happening all over the USA. You know, the ones that don't fit the liberal narrative? That was about the time he lost his freaking mind (cognitive dissonance). I never read anywhere that he was linked with any racist groups, other than being a loyal Democrat voter (according to his voting registration which I briefly viewed after his murder spree). So Mr. DR was nothing more than the Sandy Hook a-hole, which is a liberal Democrat, whose mental defects caught up with him and compelled him to act out violently. Of course the same goes for all of the school shooters, and most murderers. Yep! Our penal systems are simply overflowing with Democrats, which explains why the liberal government of NC worked so hard to restore voting rights to felons before the last election.
Among the many examples is the story of a black clerical worker whose attorney alleges that O'Reilly would walk past her desk and, leering and grunting, call her "hot chocolate."    Someone please pass me a bucket!!  As for the cat callers - one can always call back to the construction workers or whatever - you look hot too baby!  You can't control other's mouths but you can hand their bull back to them.    My daughter is taking Karate and I am so thrilled she is.  She is 12 and can take down her 6' 1" tall father.  He is thrilled too.    Forget Heritage Girls - have your kids learn martial arts.  It gives them courage, confidence, and the capacity to defend themselves in real ways.   Teach your kids about God & respect for others and they can rely on the Holy Spirit in times of trouble. Especially, boys need to realize that God expects them, as much as the girls, to use self-control.  Our church has not always taught this lesson and it shows in the streets later on, or on Fox News.
It's always interesting to hear from someone who most likely lives in a neighborhood where a young man can be harassed by police and residents for "walking while black" or "walking while native." I know of a family, a member of which was a sex offender, that lived in such a neighborhood, and this family was harassed with threats of lawsuits, so they had to move. Any time they tried to move to another neighborhood containing people of the same social status, they were denied by a network of Anchorage's privileged (money privilege, that is). They didn't need the courts to protect their children. Their privilege and connections did. When you have money, you can insulate yourself from the brutality of life, and at the same time, make yourself appear generous and moral. In fact, you can easily attribute to yourself the moral stature to lecture all us ignorant, vindictive slobs at the "bottom of the Anchorage bowl" who actually need the protection of the police and the courts.
Way to be tolerant and inclusive, Pride.  While Toronto’s Finest is a bit of a stretch on the second word, the actions of BLM at last year’s parade were nothing short of deplorable.  Given the choice between the two organizations I know which I would pick.  There are police officers that are intolerant of sexuality, those that exercise racial profiling, and those that are corrupt.  But these are anomalies that don’t represent the force as a whole.  BLM has been actively preaching intolerance since inception.  It doesn’t matter if racism comes from black, white, green, or purple.  Judging people based on skin tone or country of origin is still racism whether you have been picked on for 200 years or recently became a target for pent up frustration.  All people matter, and they all matter equally.  Dumping on white men won’t fix years of systemic discrimination and is just as reprehensible as whites dumping on blacks, English dumping on Irish, or Canadians interning Japanese..
I think the interweaving of nationalism and sports makes sense because essentially sports are just tribalism but we should recognize that it is a pattern of brainwashing that's helping indoctrinate what seems to be a suceptible part of the populace. The government pays teams to host military appreciation days and if you don't see the insidious nature of that, then that's concerning. I am a season ticket holder to the NHL and every single game, they trot out a couple members of the military for an ovation. As others have said, politics are heavily woven into the fabric of sports already and so many people are having a problem with this issue because it's not there politics. The States has a white billionaire president who ran on a platform based entirely on the country being broken but when these black millionaire athletes say the same, they are called entitled and told to be grateful for what they have. Proper discourse and respect are severely lacking and I dont think we'll find it.
Really? I do not think there is evidence for this. Ussually it is poverty not the fact the mother mother is single that can be a barrier. Equally, it makes that young person work much harder to get ahead. The one community where this does not show up is the black community, where the lack of positive male role models does leave youths poorly socialised.
Correct, it is all or nothing, black and white, certain and solidified.  The church has and always has had all of the answers, as is evidenced by the lives of the bishops and popes who lead the church.  And yes, those who leave, the "nones" are doomed for eternity.  Jesus said, the Roman Catholic Church is the way and the truth and none come to the Father except through the mediation of duly appointed Roman Catholic Clergy.   This places a great burden on those of us who know the church has all the answers, as we must make sure that we pass that knowledge on to all we know, family in particular.  Imagine knowing a family member has left the church and is thus riding the hot rails to eternal punishment.
Take your lies somewhere else, the only ones rising up are fascist Antifa, racist Black Lives mater and Marxist subversives. America said in this election we are tired of the Marxist strategy of painting those standing for liberty , free speech, and the Constitution with your sins. Your diatribe comes right out of a Karl Marx essay and it's philosophy has caused the death of over 100 million people in the last 100 years.
It's easy to understand how the South was a time of pain, control, rape and murder if you were a black person.   Slavery was a pillar of society, a shame that will last for a very long time.    Is the South a better place in 2016 than 1916?  I hope so, at least for the majority.    But It's also clear there remains a significant subculture of racism throughout the South and a lesser amount across the country and that includes Oregon.  I see significant progress over the 1950's-60's that I spent in Houston as a child.    The racism is still there, but the discrimination isn't as overt nor as widespread.    Maybe the racism is just more polite than it used to be?   The best way to work through bias is through a positive personal experience.   That's happened for many people who have put down their weapons, figuratively and literally, for the sake of being peacemakers.
Mr. Northrup,   I call "BS" on your letter.  I went to school with you at Thurston, one of the "Whitest" schools in the area in the 1970's, I remember you as being an annoying person, the real word I would like to use doesn't qualify under Civil Comments.  We didn't have any Black kids at Thurston, they attended Hamlin Junior High School, Springfield Junior High School, and Springfield High School, I remember them because of after school sports and church activities and never found any of those kids to fit the description you're putting all Black people under.  It's unfortunate that your racism hasn't left you after all these years.   Gladys
History doesn't repeat exactly, but it sometimes comes close. I’m old enough to remember the arguments for and against allowing women to join the military, and the arguments for and against the military having equal opportunity for black and white.
From earlier stories: In a Nov. 9 interview, Lelilio told investigators that on the night of the assaults he and four other people — whom he informally identified as SL, J, Leeky and Ramo.  There were two other victims that night who separately described their assailants as "four Samoan males, one very heavy set, three with an average build; one of the assailants had blonde hair," and as "two Samoan males and two Black males,"
Thank you ADN for this morning gift of seeing McConnell with some well masticated black feathers sticking out of his mouth.
Everyday actions continuously contradict the idea that low-income black families don’t care about their children’s schooling, with parents battling against limited resources to access better educations than their circumstances would otherwise afford their children.  For decades, black parents have told their children that in order to succeed despite racial discrimination, they need to be “twice as good”: twice as smart, twice as dependable, twice as talented. In a nationally representative survey of black and Latino parents in the U.S., the Leadership Conference Education Fund found that these parents care about having good teachers, more money for their schools and a more challenging curriculum for their students.  Half of the black and Latino parents surveyed believe that good teachers are the most important asset needed to make a school great. Only 2% percent in each group cited less reliance on standardized testing as the most important component of great schools.
Your statements are just as flawed as Huckabee's. The fact is a much higher % of black men commit felonies and violent crimes than white men. Because of that, any cope whether white or black will find themselves in potential shooting situations at a much higher rate (compared to % of population) with a black man than a white man. It isn't the total population but the % of violent criminals that matters.
U.S. Department of Agriculture data from 2013, which administers welfare, 40.2 percent of SNAP recipients are white, 25.7 percent are Black, 10.3 percent are Hispanic, 2.1 percent are Asian and 1.2 percent are Native American.  Must be all of those "we won with the poorly educated, I love the poorly educated" white folks that tRump has in his corner.
Jane Lee Your comment that blacks have suffered more than all the native people of the Americas demonstrates an ignorance of history that is absolutely stunning
Tetpon. Could you explain how a small portion of the population commits almost 60% of the crime?  unarmed black man?
Harry, The subject we were discussing was the Confederacy, the KKK, and Southern "heritage" and symbols of slavery.  I understand the KKK hates Catholics and Jews as much as African-Americans.  It is they who want to divide and conquer to remake America to the past. Please admit the fact that the Southern Baptist religion was founded in 1845 by Anglo slave owners.
There is a vast culture difference between people of Indian descent and black Africans.   The Indian culture is based on their religion and getting ahead in business.    The same can be said about the Igbos in Nigeria, education and business are part of their culture.    However, many black Africans don't like them because of this.
Like Tim Tebrow , Kapernick is a Christian activist. Go for the obvious , white Tebrow is a national hero and black Kapetnick needs to learn his place on the plantation.
It's directed toward whites in general, and the direct implication is that whites in general need to be reminded that Black lives matter.  What an insulting accusation against the white race now in the year 2017.  This isn't Selma 1965.  It isn't Little Rock 1957.  We're not in a pre-Brown v. Board of Education world.  We're in a 2017 world where the law actually allows a university to give an applicant extra points in the application process simply for having black skin.  A world where "race-norming" gives a job applicant extra points just for being Black.  To accuse white America of needing a reminder that Black lives matter is worse than insulting.  It's racist.  It's an accusation that in general, whites don't already know that Black lives matter.
"When did the Russians invade Ukraine??" Black is white, the sky is solid and earth is a vapour, right? Stop, okay. Putin admitted it.
Yes, since the 1960s the Dems have moved their destructive and dividing behavior far far leftward thanks to adopting radical Alinsky and Cloward-Piven tactics.  A case could also easily be made that after the Civil Rights Act was passed in 1964 the Dem Party realized that if the black vote could no longer be suppressed, then they could manipulate and control it through dependency on entitlement programs, which would give them a solid voting block for decades to come- which it did.  The Dems have a vested interest in keeping black families in poverty.  But you think the Repubs are the racists.
Did you see who was on the committee? Not one cop.  Several city council member, several from black or latino groups, attorney, ACLU, the police charitable foundation and a few other stragglers. None qualified in law enforcement that I could tell.
Your assertion that supporting our flag and what it stands for, somehow has something to do with white racists is just plain dumb. I served with many black , Hispanic and Asian men. I considered them my brothers, no matter what their ethnicity. This demonstration and your comments demonize the wrong people. It's like trying to kill a fly with a shotgun blast. Try dealing with people in a civil way, without labeling or insulting them...they may actually be more considerate to your point of view.
I don't know if its just me but this guy seems to be wearing the same suit and tie everytime he makes a public appearance and he looks like undertaker. Black?  Seriously Kevin you have the money and the clothes so put something else on. Or maybe its a deliberate strategy to spread the fear and the idea of darkness which is really what this man represents.
We need to trace back those of multiple generations in Canada. Were there ancestors who were part of racist governments, who turned away Jews and Asians, legislated discrimination against blacks, "interned" Japanese, stole and abused First Nations children, etc.. Going further back, were there ancestors who performed genocidal acts against First Nations?  That would balance out the evils of "old country" ancestors.
Well if performance is the key, we cannot vote for Hillary because she has never been in a strictly performance based position.  Trump at least had to keep companies in the black.
I guess the author can revise our history to that the contributions to our nation building include the efforts of Blacks and Muslims.
As a southerner, I feel the Civil war was about states rights, not slavery. It was a war of "northern aggression." Why can't I admire Lee as a leader even if he (and the South) were on the wrong side of the slavery issue? In many countries, there are statues of historical figures that are offensive to some and not to others. Think Stalin, Mao, Edwin Rommel... (I'm pretty sure there are no statues of Hitler in Germany.)   I am glad you suggested they be placed in museums (assuming the ignorant mobs don't destroy them first).  I do not regard the statues as symbols of the confederacy but as monuments to history. I don't know any southerners that are proud of slavery (and I know a lot of southerners since I grew up there). I don't know any that want to intimidate blacks. Actually, I think they want blacks to propser and have opportunities.  I'd posit that a far better way to handle this situation, it to erect statues of black heroes, like Martin Luther King as a counter-balance.
Well he has a GOP controlled congress which was Bill's ticket to the black ...
You wrote:  <<Furious that some like McGivern use such such a clear case of self-defense to stir real hatred among many blacks toward whites.>>  Who knew Mary Ann McGivern had such a Svengali-like influence on "many blacks."
Have you spoken with the OIA coaches?  They do like the three tier system.... it's their bosses (AD's) or their bosses boss (School Principals) that are directing the votes to not support OIA playing in all three levels.  Doesn't it seem fishy how all 27 OIA schools voted the same way?  Sure seems like it was out of fear of being black balled.  (No love for democracy? ...I can expect something like this from North Korea.  In US, we shouldn't have fear or repercussions of voting in favor or against.
Hmm.  Sandy Hook Elementary School - children murdered by a heavily armed white guy. Murders at a Sikh Temple in Wisconsin by a racist white guy who couldn't tell Sikhs from Muslims. Murders at a Planned Parenthood in Colorado by a "Christian" anti-abortion white guy.   Murder of 9 blacks in a church in North Carolina by a white kid proving "white supremecists" are anything but. Murder of 3 people at random at a Jewish community center and retirement home in Overland Park by a new-Nazi who'd been active in the Klan.
The ready availability of weapons to the angry is a major piece of this problem - and you can't blame it on the left or the remaining elements of the responsible right-the shocking and still-vivid pictures of Gabby Gifford, the Charleston black Church massacre, and the Sandy Hook horrors still leap into my mind when this " Right to bear arms" comes up... Not a "liberal" psychopath among them! Of course weapons other than guns can be used! Bombs in Oklahoma and trucks/cars in London come to mind... But public access to such efficiently mass killing firearms IS a real problem that is larger than gun rights rhetoric. Speaking  for myself I'd rather not see us keep moving toward becoming another everymans' gun/totin' Afghanistan.
Agreed that Kaepernick isn't a pocket passer and most comfortable throwing on the move. He led SF to a abysmal season last year. As one retired GM stated, "He's not worth the circus."    The MSM is already dodging the "protests" coverage because NFL fans are leaving and potential customers are declining. The NFLPA and NFL players have zero clue as to how run a successful business. Dozens of NFL players giving the "Black Power" salute in the workplace. Ironic that the NFLPA only allows black players a forum over the customers, their teammates, all NFL employees, coaches, management, and ownership. Doesn't require a Harvard Business School Case Study to figure out the trajectory of the NFL.
There has been a tendency for neo-Confederates to try to sanctified the Confederate flag into something more historical and regional during the past 10 years. But yet, when the KKK proudly parade around with it, they cheered them on. People who defend the Confederate flag, could probably find just cause to defend the swastika. One of the popular concept they came upon as I discovered that often, they tried to make the Confederate flag more biracial by claiming that thousands of blacks fought under that banner, bit forgetting that they were mostly slaves and had no choice. Maybe they saw the movie Glory and were color blinded into thinking that blue is the new gray!! To me, a Confederate flag is a flag of racism, treason and slavery. I dislike it exactly in the same manner I detest Jane Fonda or Benedict Arnold or Charles Lindbergh and his "America First Committee" campaign prior to Pearl Harbor. Dukes of Hazards not with standing, that flag belong only in the study of history.
Two things at odds with one another.  First, this "concern" over the opioid epidemic comes from the Trump Base.  Blue and White Collar whites, caught up in a spiral of addiction that started when their health insurance paid doctors started handing out painkillers to them like candy.    Second, unlike the drug emergencies perceived to affect the people of color in the inner cities, this one gets treated like a "medical emergency", as opposed to a "law enforcement" problem - it clearly being the latter.  The Dealers just aren't South Americans, Mexicans or Blacks.  They're corporate executives, tie wearing drug distributors, Doctors and Pharmacists.  Yes.  This is a problem that needs to be addressed.  Just like cocaine.  Why isn't the DEA breaking down the doors of Corporate offices, Dr.'s offices, and pharmacies?  What is the mandatory sentencing for possession of un-prescribed painkillers?  How often are the Feds and States prosecuting for opioids?
Sorry, Paul, you realize that is just your opinion right.  I personally would paint swastikas all over liberal headquarters just to prove that they cannot control the conversation and those swastikas would have zip zero to do with Nazis.  In reality, I expect that the white pride slogan was in fact derivative of all the gay pride language that has been used for some time now.  No matter what things mean to you, you have no right to assert what those things mean to others.  Now certainly you find the phrase Black lives matter repulsive for all the same reasons you apparently don't like "white pride."  Now I suspect that you want to trash me as a racist or whatever despite that I believe in equal respect and opportunity for all.  But for me, I will not stand by and listen or watch fake liberals tell others what they think and what they mean - which you are trying desperately to do.
When he said there's going to be mass deportation of the Muslims and Mexicans.  tRump doesn't care if these people are here legally or illegally.  All he sees is brown skin, black eyes, and black hair.
No, you are not a racist SOB because of your skin color or the genetic gender you were born into, --you may be based on your bias and actions, see that's the WWJD side of racism. My grandmother was scared of blacks, rural Ohio, and my mother lived with this legacy and raised us to be better...the toxic load of racism is only removed over time. So my job is to support women as leaders so my granddaughter will not see the limitations my mother had--she was the top student in her high school yet was only encouraged to be either a teacher or a nurse...she became a teacher, an author, a leader, a dean and woul have been beside herself at Hillary's amazing vision for all, resting on the shoulders of giants that now include a woman!
While reviewing the credentials of Jeff Sessions, did you happen to see the number of times he went after and stopped segregationists? How about getting the death penalty for a man who murdered a little black girl and as Alabama Attorney General, made sure that the death penalty was upheld for that murderer? Did you happen to see the cases he brought against the Klan and its leaders? Didn't think so.
Please stop comparing one person's immutable characteristics to another's. It is both bigoted and offensive.   You might as well say: Please stop comparing the ability to have black skin to a particular class of people!   Gay couples are no more limited to "who they want to sleep with" than you are to "what shade of pigmentation you wish to sport"!
It may or may not have been in the eyes of some jury assuming that the officers are even tried for their actions but to my eyes and the eyes of many others that can watch these events it is terrorism by the police. According to the reports that is what one black man thought it was. He used the second amendment and his military training to do what Trump thinks is how one fights terrorism.
Not at all confused so you should not make THAT assumption.  You responded to my point about blacks like a liberal would, so my bad.  But my statement was not dumb, so your bad.  My final observation about you is that you seem to think more highly of yourself than you ought to think.  Finally, I never mute anyone because I'm not threatened by anyone, no matter how highly they think of themselves.
Hardly “seeming pettiness,” but more of Christine Flowers’ typical underhanded bigotry. White media propagandists hated Muhammad ‘Ali because he let them know he didn’t fear them.  At a time when black folks were killed for less, Muhammad ‘Ali declared: “I ain’t draft-dodging! I ain’t burning no flag! I ain’t running away to Canada! I’m staying right here! You want to send me to jail? Fine, you go right ahead. I’ve been in jail for 400 years!…but I ain’t going no 10,000 miles to help murder and kill other poor people. If I die, I’ll die right here, right now, fighting YOU, if I want to die. YOU my enemy, not no Chinese, no Vietcong…!”  Comparing ‘Ali with Trump is egregiously insulting, to say nothing of absurd. When did Trump ever say ANYTHING as honest or courageous, or face such risk for speaking out? Trump LEGALLY dodged the draft.  BTW–‘Ali repented of his self-proclaimed title, and said so–because that title rightly belongs only his Creator.  Allahu Akbar–only God is Great.
Former Prime Minister Kim Campbell is writing for the Globe and Mail! Hey, that's great. And I mean that sincerely.  In her piece today:   "When statistics relating to crime or immigration are distorted, the groundwork is laid for violence and oppressive policies...."  I dunno, I would actually argue that a totally different phenomenon afflicts Canada, nothing to do with the above proposal.  In Canada we do not report in our mainstream press about the ethnic/racial identity of criminal perpetrators, not in the Toronto Star, not on the CBC, not in the Globe and Mail.   Indeed, the Canadian media report that says "two males with guns were seen running from the busy intersection wearing jeans and red sweatshirts" would be reported, in the American media, as "two black males with guns were seen running from the busy intersection wearing jeans and red hoodies", or white males if that were the case.  Activists with agendas demand suppression of facts here. That fertilizes fake news.
BLM thrives on  intimidation and threats and bullying tactics in a peaceful Province governed by a gay Premier and in City where I'd suggest 95% plus support and respect our very professional and progressive police force led by our first black Chief.  Now, by bending to the will of  BLM's band of radicals and professional agitators they derailed  years of progress Pride fought for and broadly enjoyed.  Their support and community goodwill is now at risk.  Pride will pay a painful price for years to come unless they quickly reverse themselves and embrace the  Police Force for all the very good they do and continue  efforts to improve their relationship that has evolved 180 degrees for the better from where it was not that long ago.
More elusive than men in black is the secret of the "Despair Code".  You can't find it on the internet, but after four years people are finally posting about it.  Officials dodge questions about the topic.  It apparently produces prolonged feelings of sadness and fear, among targeted individuals.  It's hardcore top-secret stuff, and the victim of a web-wide deletion campaign, but there is currently one video about it: https://youtu.be/mGxFZjET5FI
Part of that "new world" in America was to learn how to be white rather than European immigrants. The way to do that is to learn to fear and hate black people. That is the easiest way to become white if you are from Europe.  Abusing Latinos, Asians, and other minorities will do if there are no black people available. The Irish come to mind. They became white after the draft riots in New York in 1863. When the death lists from the battle of Gettysburg came in, the poor Irish didn't want to die to liberate black slaves that would just become labor competition for paid wages. They lynched 29 black folks during their riot. They have been white ever since.
Are you serious right now?   Now you feel what it is like to watch a Black man murdered by police... or Zimmerman and the murderer walks away scott free.   I will leave you with the same comment that is often heard, " IF HE WAS NOT STEALING, HE WOULD STILL BE ALIVE".  Obey the law and live.
"Mr. Trump will continue to pander to his bigoted base"  a reasonable article, until this.  another name calling prog hack "journalist."  everyone that disagrees with you isn't a racist or bigot simply because they do, lady.  some of us want every citizen to be judged by the content of their character, only, and not the color of their skin.  whether black women, or old white men....
Most Muslims are peace loving people, just as most Americans are peace loving people. If only the rest would get along with folks who aren't exactly like themselves. Here in America, neither whites nor blacks nor Hispanics feel completely safe in going to a different neighborhood, and a few of folks get beat up or even shot for going into the wrong neighborhood.  I don't like any of that stuff, but when you put that behavior on only one religious group, when everyone else is pretty much the same, that's where I disagree. The US is better than a lot of nations where people kill each other more, but we still have the prejudice here.
No, not true. Political thought is not a protected class. You can refuse to serve someone for being a Nazi, but not for being black. The baker agreed in writing on his business license application to abide by Colorado laws.
If you count the blatant racists, its 2% or less. If you count the authoritarians and those that assume the worst of blacks and Latinos, it is everyone who voted for Trump for reasons other than party loyalty or dislike for Hillary. I went to high school in such a neighborhood, but from primary school through junior high I was in Dayton in a neighborhood my ex-wife calls scary and very white rural southern Ohio. I don't read Huff Post. I did drug prevention in Washington, DC (while drinkinking alcoholically), worked as the Assistant to the Mayor for Public Safety and doing ombudsman work went all over DC. Including Anacostia, where I have many friends. There are good and bad cops in DC, both black and white. The suburbs are worse racially on policing. DC Police District 8 is cesspool. Little commuity policing, dumping ground for bad cops. Federal judges, by the way, bemoan mandatory minimums. Their jurisdiction has all gone to prosecutors, which is wrong.
Maybe the Justice department refuses to prosecute Bill Allen because they're under the assumption that he is black?.... It seemed to work for the two men in Philidelphia swinging clubs and threatening voters in front of the local voting station...
Now please tell us in what other instances you apply observing a few people of a group behaving in a way you dislike as "proof" of the whole group being bad? You do this to black folks, Jews, physicians? Or do you, like so many other seethingly hateful leftists who view cops as the jackbooted enforcers of the bourgeois class, single out cops for these pathetic moral double standards as a gambit to get other people to hate them like you do?  I know, you keep trying to place yourself on a pedestal by bragging about being a CPA. The way you astutely stand against assaults from pencils and paper cuts on a daily basis must frequently drive you to Nicoletti-Flater for counseling.
(Part one of two) You'll discover that the Democrats may be the more racist party, and you can diversify your media intake.  Really.  Not if you are Black, you won’t.  Don King, the American patriot, boxing promoter, and publisher of the Cleveland Call and Post supports The Donald, as does Dr. Ben Carson.  While it is not necessary to be racist to be a Republican, therefore, if one is racist to begin with, one is more comfortable with Democrats than Republicans.  When considering what President Obama and the Democrats have done for civil rights, it is necessary to remember two things:  first, more Whites than Blacks voted Obama into office; second, no advances in civil rights happened without significant White participation.
'' Black Lives Matter Toronto makes surprise appearance at Pride Parade'' I suggest that it was anything but a surprise. BLM needs a Big Event to latch onto - the publicity and attention thy got last year practically guaranteed they'd be back this year. They'll be back next year, too. Why register for the parade, when you can just jump in with no consequences? If you're BLM, it makes perfect sense. Just steal the narrative, and it's all good. They'll be back.
Thank you Mr. Rieder for an excellent column.  I especially hope many younger people read it, for this was a war that ended 72 years ago and there are few of us around who still remember it.  As I'm  sort  of from your father's generation I have similar memories, from all the uncles and aunts who served, to participating in  childhood drives for wanted materials. You are quite correct that it's absurd to equate the neo-Nazi marchers with the antifa and other protestors.  Yes, some of the antifa are pretty disgusting, just thugs in black, and they might be as likely to slug a peaceful protestor as a white supremacist; and it's high time they return to strictly defensive activity. Bad as they are, they not even close to the ideology of the neo-Nazis whose antecedents killed tens of millions of Poles, Jews, Russians and other "inferiors" as they controlled and devastated most of Europe-- after their SA street fighters  had overwhelmed those of the Socialists, Communists and Nationalists.
Just the typical reaction of Washington, when there is a mass shooting. The NFL players kneeling is a reaction of what, police shooting unarmed blacks. And isn't the reason for the Second Amendment to protect We the People from the government, and look who the determined to take the guns from private citizens, the government. Even ask your self why? Why some in the government are so determined to take all guns, and it's not about mass shooting, because those same politicians ignore the inter-city shooting, that happens most weekend. Fifty-nine individuals killed in Vegas and it's big deal, 39 individuals killed in Chicago in a weekend, not so much. And is there a race component, NFL players, mostly whites were killed in Vegas, and something has to be done about the guns. Mostly blacks are killed in Chicago, and Chicago is ignored. While the gun(s) aren't an issue. Why?
Even the  Nixle report from APD said she described him as a slim build younger black male with short hair.  Possibly in his late teens early twenties.    Not sure why ADN didn't give all the information that the APD released.  Hopefully they catch the dirt bag soon.  Just wish she was packing a stun gun and had given that perp 50k VoLTs.
If their "cause" is to fight to make blacks' lives better and more equal; how about if they put their money where their mouths are & give up most of it to be equal to their impoverished and "left behind" brothers and sisters.  Oh no, they would not consider sharing their money.  They just want a platform to give themselves more visibility.  As Elway pointed out that Brandon Marshall has used his stance as a platform to do community service....  Utter B.S. - he can stand up for the National Anthem and still do the community service quietly.  He wants recognition.  I believe he has already been recognized by a big fat monetary contract.
I do.  And I remember the news footage of hoses and dogs used against civil rights protesters.   But its the events from an even earlier era, when my parents were infants, that stuns me.     Just months before the 1920 Presidential election, when Warren Harding won on a Trump-like protectionist victory with slogans "Back to Normalcy" and "America for Americans" (well, who else?)  Race riots rocked 23 cities. Army called in.  Over 300 dead. Was race, then, a big plank in either party's election platform?  Barely was mentioned.  And blacks were still left hanging from trees...
'Progressives and conservatives must work harder to find common ground". What a pile of modernist drivel. There is no "common ground" on issues where Holy Church has spoken definitively. There is no "common ground" to be had with abortion and homosexual marriage supporters. There IS right and wrong, there IS black and white. These ARE issues of "apocalyptic" proportion. Killing babies in their mothers' wombs is the "devil's" work. Mr. Gehrig needs to realize that even the neo-con Catholics are no longer suckered by banalities such as "common ground", and that it is simply a more charitable term for cowardice and surrender.
You only get 6-7 if you buy bulk.  Regular people don't want to meet hoods in parks and back alleys.  There is no better selection on the black market.  The black market has no regulation for pesticides and fungicides.  People will buy from whomever it's easiest to buy from, including a shiny store that's clean.  e.t.c
I'm glad you feel terrible for feeling so delighted. Trump is so charming, using all the politically incorrect ways to talk about women, blacks, gays.  Global warming. It's a joke, a Chinese hoax.  The atom bomb. Go have fun with it, boys and girls.  He's so cute I can hardly stand it.
I think that it is intellectual sculldeltary for the liberals to continually accuse the opposition of doing things only the left could contrive.  Here, Mr Ignatius states "...President Trump’s allies have floated the possibility that he might fire special counsel..." when he knows that only the liberals have have brought forward this proposition.  No one in the Trump Administration has indicated that they have even thought about firing the special counsel, except to respond to preposterous claims by people like Ignatiuos.  This sculldeltary is common with the Democrats and it reminds me of the statement by Joe Biden where he says the Republicans would like to see all American Black people sent back on the slave ships when it was only Mr. Biden who could have concieved of such an idea.
"It's known that he considered slavery an evil."  Actually, Richard, this is in itself a piece of reductionism (or, you're a victim of deliberately incomplete quotation in the sources you're using).  When read in full, the one letter in which Lee expresses this view to his wife goes on to explain that the evil is primarily in its corrupting effect on white slave owners, and that Lee saw the institution of slavery as being necessary for the civilizing development of the Black race.  In time, divine providence would eventually see to the end of the institution.  In the South, perhaps, this counts as moderate views (due to that last sentence), but in the US as a whole at that time it was counted as passive acceptance of slavery for the foreseeable future.
I am a lot of things including 1/16 Chickasaw, Native-American . So, I don't sit around thinking about race like a lot of these posters do.  While I am not Black (African-American) I still think his message should be read and thought about by many of these posters.  Life is not about race, race, race. A recent article in another publication quoted a genealogist that said by around 2250 there will be no true races, due to intermarriage.  Let's hope so.
Amid all the accusations - particularly by the Red Beret gang - that "whites stole OUR land" which "we" are going to take back (without compensation, of course) let us be fair about the original owners - which were NOT the Blacks, BUT the SAN or BUSHMEN who occupied virtually ALL the land for something like 10 000 years - if my facts are correct.  Quite believable if one travels all over and sees their beautiful paintings in virtually every province.  Then, Julius and co. must also remember that the hated "colonials'" descendants all have title deeds to their properties - paid for by aforesaid descendants (including my parents) through perseverance and hard work to pay off their properties and it must be remembered that farmers of ALL races are the providers of that one commodity no-one can do without - FOOD.
a black Greek.  Please do your research before responding.
Boy, talk about the kettle calling the pot black.
Obama is to blame for the current unrest in America . He has set race relations back at least 20 years. When he told the nation in the D.C. black professor case " police acted stupidly " he as president disrespected police across America and in essence  told black America it was ok to distrust police . Every time there has been a situation concerning police Obama's first position is to side against police. In Furguson he complained that the police had better protective gear than the thugs doing the stealing and burning of property , and vowed to keep them from getting surplus military gear . He sends in the feds before allowing the local authorities to do their jobs.  How can Obama condone a group that chants in marches it wants " pigs in a blanket " and wants dead cops now ?  As America's first black president most thought he'd unite American like never before in our history.  Instead he has used his position to divide us. BLM's biggest lie--hands up , don't shoot. It was never said .
So , what are the stats in Chicago ?  Blacks are slaughtering blacks by the hundreds every single year there.  Across America blacks are slaughtering each other in massive numbers. Why doesn't Black Lives Matters march over that ?  Why doesn't Obama and his sit -in legislators in D.C. say a word about that ?   Police aren't killing very many people of any color , and most that are killed put police in the situation where they did what they had to do. Just like here last night in Anchorage.  Had the deceased been black you and Black Lives Matter's would have used that stat to  claim white police are hunting blacks which isn't true.
Since you asked a question, I'll answer.   Yes, it makes our community safer. If, and when, there are legal avenues for purchasing marijuana, edibles, and extracts, the black market will be significantly cut down.   You don't have to take my word for it. Thankfully there are several states and nations you can turn to for hard evidence showing a decline in violent crime after the legalization of marijuana.  Marijuana did not, and has not killed anyone. What kills is children born to parents with two page rap sheets in court view.
Actually Trump got more Latinos and blacks than Romney.  Here's a statistic you won't see on MSNBC  The "received"  statistic is that Trump got the "white non college educated male vote" The fact is it was close...trump got 49% of that, with hillary getting 45% of it.    Not that big a difference.  The statistic you won't see the liberal press reporting is this one:  Hillary got a huge percentage of the black non college educated male vote.
Hottubjoe, are you saying you don't care about the money Hillary stole from Haiti, the 30k deleted emails using bleachbit software, her orders to have interns destroy some 17 cell phones with hammers, her private meeting with AG Lynch on the tarmac, her calling blacks superpredators, her laughing about what happened in Benghazi, etc.? (the list of HRC's corruption that we know of is very long and this is a small sample)
Tim- first, a big 'thank you' to you for the opportunity to clarify.  Secondly, and Spoiler Alert:   Northpointe is not the only computer algorithm that states use to determine criminal recidivism and future crimes.  The Public Safety Assessment, developed by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation- ALSO uses the SAME algorithms to determine future black crimes and assign scores.  So why isn't ProPublica isn't going after them?  ProPublica is funded by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation.    The premise of this article is "The United States locks up far more people than any other country, a disproportionate number of them black."   This is your standard issue Leftist dogma of racial disparity, and once again, it ignores the FACT that the reason blacks are disproportionately locked up is because they commit a grossly disproportionate amount of the crime in this country, as already cited above.
Is your world black and white as well, or just your console TV?
Try telling that the the liberals and independents in congress, KON.  I hope they stick it the Republicans the way they tried to stick to President Obama who was one man that defied the whites that hated him because he was black.
This fails to speak to the fact that these monuments were built long after these heroes fought for the white right to own black people - often at those times when some whites were trying to push back on the advancements of basic civil rights.  Is Orwin going to travel to Germany to encourage them to name their schools after Hitler, Goering, Himmler or place statues of these former German leaders in their parks, to help them honour and commemorate part of their history?
WHY is it consistently omitted in cases like these (where there was clearly a visual contact made with the suspects) WHAT the SKIN COLOR of the person was? Was it a bald black man? A bald white man? A bald Oriental man? Come on, guys. Report the news.
Man or Women, left or right,  North America or Europe, white or black, democracy or communism,  there is too much corruption.
I wonder how many of those 'Klansmen' like his Jewish son-in-law or his black Secretary of Health and Human Services?  Or his appointment of Justice Gorsuch, who was raised Catholic?  Your attempt to link his voters to the Klan is just another method of bigotry.    His Klan 'support' has the same validity as linking the anti-Trumps here in Eugene who ice pick tires to prove their liberal values.  Or the ones who like to burn cars in Portland.    You are trying to tar all Trump voters with the same bigoted brush.
I actually couldn't tell if your post was sarcasm or not. What you wrote is so disconnected from historical fact, I thought you were kidding. In case you weren't, here goes: No, conservatives do not "care about" making America great again. First, America is and was great, and if conservatives really wanted to make America great, they would not have spent the previous eight years trying to obstruct economic recovery simply because we had a black Democratic president who would get credit for it. Who is stopping you from saying Merry Christmas? Respecting the flag is not a "conservative value," it's an American value. We respect it so much that we don't defend those who carry it in a parade with Nazi swastikas, KKK emblems and the Confederate battle flag.  Finally, racists did not leave the Democratic Party because we "fundamentally want to change America." They left for YOUR party because they didn't want to recognize blacks as deserving of equal rights. They found a new home with you.
Yah why didn't they interview an orange person?  More diverse than black or brown.
Ever heard of Timothy McVeigh? He must have been muslim?   Since Sept. 11, 2001, nearly twice as many people have been killed by white supremacists, antigovernment fanatics and other non-Muslim extremists than by radical Muslims: 48 have been killed by extremists who are not Muslim, compared with 26 by self-proclaimed jihadists  Don't recall hearing if Dylan Roof was muslim?  You remember the ruthless slaying of nine African-Americans in a Charleston church with an avowed white supremacist charged with their murders,
"The Nixon campaign in 1968, and the Nixon White House after that, had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people. You understand what I’m saying? We knew we couldn’t make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did." — John Ehrlichman, Counsel and Assistant to the President for Domestic Affairs under President Richard Nixon.  Other aides suggested he was 'being sarcastic' in that quote but there's good reason to think he wasn't.  The war on drugs is a failed policy anyways. Regulating things that have both benefits and harms should be up to local government to decide what's best for their communities.
Claiming you disputed them doesn't make it so. The source you posted was the homepage of AZ Central. That's now how sourcing works.  Why ignore the judge who convicted Arpaio of contempt? I thought you guys were all about "law and order"? Get tough "law and order" sheriff broke the law. Oops. Trump did too. Oops. Both in the name of racism. Ok if your "team" breaks the law?  Why do you keep ignoring Arpaio's decades of government overreach? Conservatives use to at least pretend to be against government overreach. Not so much anymore: https://www.propublica.org/article/sheriff-joe-arpaio-trump-pardon-aside-reporters-long-rap-sheet  If academic records and birth certificates are required from Obama, why not from Trump?  I would be embarrassed if I voted for a law breaking racist anti-black segregating p- grabber who admitted he barges into Miss TEEN USA dressing rooms while they're dressing. Partisanship uber alles. Trump did say he could shoot someone on 5th ave and not lose support.
JPII wasn't just silencing discussion on the issue until such time as the issue could be clarified, etc.    "In order that all doubt may be removed, I declare the church has no authority to ordain women."   Unless you are a lawyer or Scripture scholar--that is a pretty clear statement that does not admit of discussion at a later time. I can understand why dissidents are so desperate to find some, any loop hole---no matter how ridiculous, bizarre and absurd their arguments have to be. As long as they can keep that hope alive, they will cling to anything.     I would give up the Catholic Faith because no pope can redefine reality.  No pope can change that which is unchangeable. No pope can define that black is white and visa-versa.  Popes do not have unlimited and unchecked authority.  The day a pope redefines reality, the day a pope changes that which is by definition not changeable is the day I leave.  The Church is not the USA.  Reality cannot be redefined because some do not like it.
Can anyone explain how Mathieu da Costa  a so called free black man was able to translate between the french and the Mi'kmaq circa 1603? This to me reeks of paper genocide and reclassification as I would venture to say that Da Costa was himself a Native person who happened to have a dark skin tone. It was common for whites to assign race and record history according to their limited understanding...or refusal to admit that NOT every person with dark skin came from Africa.
President Trump did not create the divide in this country.  That divide was created a long time ago by indentity politics.  As long as people continue to identify themselves as Latin-Americans, African Americans, gay-Americans, instead of just Americans we will never be united.
If you watched the talk, by a very bright 13 year-old boy, I think you missed his point. Which is to take charge of your own education and find learning experiences that help you get to where you want to go, wherever you can find them. Jobs are disappearing due to outsourcing and automation. I think the future belongs to people who actually know how to do things. If you have skills you can apply them to self-employment as well as jobs. I've read that the founders of Microsoft and Apple didn't finish college. I once read a comment by a black women that went, "I've sat in college and I've sat in college". Sitting teaches people to be passive, not a good habit for the present moment in time. Time to think outside the box. Conformity is no longer rewarded.
"The photo illustrating this piece is perfect - two old, rich, white guys expressing concern that the low rate of minority enrolment in American colleges v.s minority demographics is still too much for them" Maybe they should have had a photo of two black guys wondering why there are few whites attending Grambling State University, Alabama State University or Howard University to name just a few. You people crack me up.
Koncerned:  I keep hearing white guys lecturing black guys about all that's wrong with them.  I'm no more responsible for black guys who screw up as you are for white guys who screw up.  For the most part, I've been successful and responsible.  That's all I can be held accountable for.  I won't stereotype you if you don't stereotype me.  I still think the orange dude is a miserable excuse for a human being; and though I expect him to be a disaster (as he has been most of his life), I still hope and pray he is successful for the nation's well being.
Indeed they were traitors....but as is true with the Revolutionary War history, as it is with the Civil War history,  history is ALWAYS written by the victors.  There were many reasons FOR the civil war, slavery but one.  Lincoln went to war to "preserve the union", not free the slaves, or he would have freed the slaves in the states that remained slave states, and remained in the union!  He didn't need "black troops" until he started running out of cannon fodder in 1863.  Even then, they were primarily used in rear areas to free up white troops to fight.  Had the South won, slavery would have been gone in several decades anyway.  And Lincoln might well have been impeached and hanged for is massive executive overreach and absolute disregard for, and trampling on the Constitution.  Removing statues with meaningful historical significance is nothing more than displays of abject ignorance, and a desire to remain willfully ignorant.
These Charges against Bill could be racially motivated because majority of the woman were white. Falsely accused black in the south back 80 years age were accused by white women were either hanged or received a long prison term.
Hard to believe there are still so many statues, monuments,schools,  holidays, etc. commemorating and celebrating the Confederacy.      They do have their place. They belong with the cat-o-nine tails, the knout, the rack, the yellow Jewish Star of David, the auto da fe, and dinosaur fossils - in a museum.   No wonder slavery was quickly followed by Jim Crow, continuous racism, lynchings, segregation of black soldiers from white soldiers fighting in WWII, police shootings of blacks, etc.
If it had been a black guy that listened to hip-hop i suspect a more active comment section.
The Klan wore white masks, were democrats, and ran around terrorizing people.  Antifa wear black masks, are democrats, and run around terrorizing people.  Some things never change.  They are not a gift to the far right.  They are a gift to the Trump reelection campaign of 2020.  You can't go running around beating up people you disagree with without triggering a significant reaction.  Democrats are starting to realize they have a problem with this.  We will see if they pull the leash on their well-funded terrorists.  Cheers -
Arlene,  since you only first became aware of Brietbart a few months ago, it's totally understandable that you didn't look up who became Editor-at-Large in 2012 when Bannon took over as Executive Chair-- that would Ben Shapiro: Orthodox Jew. . It's also totally understandable that you find it "unusual" that a black Republican lawmakers, homosexuals, and black leaders clearly support Bannon : because it doesn't fit the Leftist narrative that "we control who's a victim, and if that victimized group dos' support us, they must clearly not be a "real" member of that oppressed group." . I'm not "defending Banon," I'm simply telling you that in order for you to label him him the nasty things you are-- it sure would be swell if you could produce a single piece of evidence to prove it.
What I do not understand is why Laura Secord has not been chosen, over the other two women who have been chosen.  Laura Secord was historically ten times more instrumental in the nurturing and foundation of Canada than the two selected women were. And Laura Secord literally risked her life in that activity.  Sorry, but without the existence of the other two women, we would still have arrived in Canada at women getting the vote and women winning elections and black folks getting a fairer shake, those events happened in every Western democracy over the past century or so.  In contrast, without Laura Secord, there might have been no Canada at all, and our kids would all be singing the American anthem at school every morning with a photo of their President, Trump, at the front of the room...
The fact that the DP is not reporting the truth is amazing to me. The entire protest is based on a lie. "hands up don't shoot" never happened. The fact that study after study show that white and black criminals are treated pretty close to the same is never mentioned. The fact that nobody supporting or involved in the protest can't articulate why they are protesting. This study is from a Harvard Prof.  http://tribunist.com/news/harvard-study-on-police-shootings-and-race-offers-shocking-conclusion/
Did MM take a knee in solidarity with his black teammates? I didn't watch the game. If he did, he should be getting death threats, too. Mo beddah he nevah get involved with race matters or politics. Just play football and concentrate on trying to get the super bowl. That's what he is paid to do. So did he or did he not take a knee?
How about we do whats best for Americans and pass the RAISE act instead?   If you wanna push DACA, then tell your story to all the out of work black kids in high school looking for a summer Construction job, or the hard working graduate with a STEM degree trying to start a family what you Democrats have done for them. Go on bruh, tell them how black folks need to wait till that Illegals family and H1-B workers get jobs so he can feel better about himself - how he should be proud to stay poor so the phat cats in Washington and Wall-street can buy another vacation home, and some Mexican family can spend the money American families need to educate our own kids.   Speak up boy, We already know the story - but you tell us again how what an Illegal wants is more important than what an American needs.  Our own kids have Dreams too, why aren't they important to you?  Why don't the dreams of our kids have priority with you Liberals?  We have our own to care for and First, we care for our own.
For those willing to pay the sky high costs of government regulated and taxed weed to avert risk, some will go that route.  For those willing to pay black market rates which will be substantially lower, and are willing to accept more risk buying from unlicensed users, sme willgo ha route.  I suspect majority of current users will stick with the black market route, because they will be in position of legal weed after a black market purchase anyways.  Cops won't be able to determine where you got it from.   These whole legalization thing will only serve to increase costs for everyone, and increase roadside sobriety checks and the resulting charter rights violations and unlawful false arrests as police fumble around making purely subjective opinions on if you're impaired.
The context of today is that we do not tolerate racial Injustice and inhuman treatment of minorities. As long as these statues are seen and celebrated as heroes by bigots and racists they should not be tolerated either.   We are talking about the venue for display. These statues can be sold or return to owners and put wherever they want them to be put. But the public will not allow them to be displayed in public places. Especially now that some of these jurisdictions are now mostly black.
Anti-racists say there is a RACE problem that can only be solved when the third world pours into EVERY White country and "assimilates."  What if I said there was a RACE problem that could only be solved if hundreds of millions of non-Blacks were brought into EVERY Black country? How long before people realize I'm not talking about a RACE problem, but the conclusion to the BLACK problem?  They say they are anti-racist. What they are is anti-White.  Anti-racist is a codeword for anti-White.
To characterize black lives matter as special interest is just unbelievably niave.
I have asked over and over of the conservative folks on here, what would be an acceptable form of protest, and so far all I get is "not this" or crickets.  I think the problem is that it is black people protesting that they have a problem with.  It doesn't matter what form the protest takes, the so called conservatives will call them thugs, unpatriotic, or fill in some other pejorative, but ultimately they are upset that these folks are protesting, period.
The best result of the addition of the "Comments" section to the ADN is the exposure of the depth of white supremacist ideology festering throughout society in Alaska and throughout the nation.  This tragedy engenders the usual hatred fueled by and lauded by the Corporate Media throughout the campaign season as racism and bigotry became acceptable within campaign rhetoric.  Blasted daily throughout the day on television, radio, and print, statements of the purest vitriol against immigrants, Mexicans, Blacks, liberals, etc. spewing from the mouths of professed "leaders".  Playing to the most base of society to stimulate the anti-governing rabble to a fever pitch while themselves were protected by the full force of the federal government.  Any discussion or rhetoric addressing issues of importance for actual economic and governing solutions to real problems were left to the back pages or eliminated entirely from the broadcast media.  And so it goes.
I think you're missing the point, Freddy. In fact, you've proved my point all too clearly. You made this about Race and side-lined the issue altogether. Something our Country is becoming all too well practiced at doing.  I will challenge you with this question, if a child is 50% Alaska Native and 50% Black, what race are they? How about if they are 25%? And 12%  You will probably say something along the lines of, "Whichever they identify as" --that seems to be the common trend these days. I would challenge you instead to identify them as Americans. Period. Maybe then we could start to make some real progress-- as a country, and a Race-- as in the Human Race.
Stunt?  No darlin', the stunt, the display, the arrogance of people 'on the  job' 'wearing the uniform of their employer'  'getting paid' is NOT the time to once again, become oppressed.  America has done more for the black race than any other country in the world, including Africa, as in 'African American'  when it should be AMERICAN.
Yes, Marjorie was prejudiced, maybe still is prejudiced, against Southerners just like some Southerners and Northerners are prejudiced against black people. Regardless of geography, skin color, sex, or anything else, we are all guilty to some degree. Overall as a society we're much better than we were 60 years ago.
EKBlack's post has all the hallmarks of an internet troll. The comment seeks to push buttons and disrupt discussion. Consider the phrase "sanitize the nation into political correctness". What does it mean? Political Correctness is Right Wing code for the suppression of racist, sexist, and homophobic opinions. There's some crazy belief on the Right that one isn't truly free unless one can hurl abusive language at women, people of colour, or members of the LGBTQ community.  I have no idea what brutal one-liner cartoons EKBlack is recalling. But I can imagine racist images of Jews, Asians, and Black Africans which were all too common in the first half of the 20th century. They express a public sentiment of oppression and White superiority. I don't see why anyone would be nostalgic about them.  Why is the language of the Right always "brutal" & "hard-hitting"? There is no truth in threats and intimidation. Racial and misogynistic slurs are not "truthful comments" we need to hear. Shame!
It is a plain mistake to see BLM's essence as opposing white supremacy.  As I've stated, if that's all it were, all reasonable people would support them, and with enthusiasm.  But read their mission statement, which goes far beyond opposing white supremacy. These people hate America, and accuse it of systemic oppression and state- institutionalized genocide. That's how they view white society in general. Don;t take my word for it;.go to their own web page.  So what do I think of T-shirts that say "White Lives Matter."  I think it borders on mental retardation to make such a statement, What keeps it from going over the line into a worse form of mental disability is that it's a mere mirroring, for effect, of the words "Black Lives Matter."  The phrase "Black Lives Matter" is not a mirroring, for effect, of anything.  It stands by itself, so to speak.  Now, just ask yourself what is directly implied by the statement, "Black Lives Matter," and to whom is the statement directed?  cont'd
The author should pull his black antifa hood down further.  We're not supposed to be able to identify these brave folks.
On one side is Ramaphosa who is womanizer And on other side DlaminiZuma who is fighting for native blacks SA people rest choice is urs...who do you want to be our President?
Stop already with the "don't mix politics and sports" in the comments. Trump has already mixed it. It's not about him anymore. It's about you. Will you stand with him??? Time honoured tradition is no reason to keep doing it even when it's so obviously wrong. And to all my alt-right friends here and any Russian bots, please find a real black human and speak to them and then think about your views again and why the athletes are risking their careers (which they have worked hard for all their lives) to take this stand.
Ah, pardon my misunderstanding--you're defending against my 'name-calling' of the CEOs of Monsanto, Texaco, Standard Oil, the 'Pebble Partnership', the politically-appointed 'economic czars' who figured it was OK to poison Flint, Michigan's tap water because 'they're only black people', the US business interests which demand we keep military troops in about 144 countries to protect them while they gouge the resources and labor of said countries, and all those bankers that precipitated the 2008 housing crash (which in turn sent the entire world economy into a tailspin).  My bad.  But since the inventor of fascism himself called his system 'corporatism', I don't think your complaint has much of a leg to stand on.  An accurate description isn't 'name-calling' except perhaps to the overly-sensitive, who think telling the truth is 'uncivil'.  And I refuse to be an unpaid censor for ADN--therefore I even mark Obomba's posts as 'good'/'civil' when they turn up in their little test.
This question has been asked throughout our nation's history. Will blacks damage a white community? Will Jews damage a Christian community? Will LG's damage a straight community? Diversity is fine as long as you think like me. Will the bigotry ever end?
Do you have any idea how many black players are stopped by police on suspicion alone and no probable cause?  It's not like these players are protesting something that happens to other people.  It's happening to them and/or their black teammates and their 'millions' are no protection.
Black Lives Matter isn't legitimate even though President Obama brought them to the White House.   In Ferguson,  several Black witnesses told a grand jury under oath that 282 lb Michael Brown charged and assaulted the police officer Wilson and tried to take the officer's gun, and was shot in self defense. Black Lives Matter is based on a "Hands Up. Don't Shoot" lie and they march chanting "Fry 'em like bacon. Put the pigs in a blanket. What do we want now? Dead cops!" While they got their way and there are  a lot of dead cops. In 2016, 27 police officers were assassinated by Black thugs and over half of them say they were inspired by Black Lives Matter to kill police officers.  To give them any consideration as legitimate  is an obscenity on race relations. All lives matter- particularly those of police officers who are the last line between us and the thugs of society.
"Of course, there are good people in policing"....  Of course, there are good black folks in Rexdale...... Of course, most gay men don't cruise in public parks......  Ms Giese, I'll lay odds that you find the second and third sentences offensive....I'll lay odds as well that you don't understand why in light of your writing of the first.
I'm surprised you would take such a position.  There seems to be no reluctance to blame poor test scores by American blacks in ghettos on that favorite of Canadian words, 'racism'.
"“How do you put someone who defended the shooting of an 11-year-old black child as the facilitator of this use-of-force committee?” asked Lisa Calderon, who sits on the board as part of the Colorado Latino Forum."  You do this if and only if you want the foxes to guard the hen houses.
If SCORPIO doesn't mind, and while on the subject of Molefe, please also investigate the Transnet Pansioners Fund and the harsh words Molefe (then CEO of Transnet) had to say to some (then ±60 000 ) retired Transnet workers when he harshly told them: "You are NOT entitled to ANYTHING because you benefited under apartheid..." Molefe denies this, despite him having said it to a few hundred old folks, having added: "...and if you want to take the fight to the streets, I'll be there" or words to that effect...  I will gladly provide the contact details of two of the Trustees (also ex-Transnet) who will be only too happy to provide you with the full story which also includes one Stanley Shane, another Gupta lackey of how many of these old "SPORIES" are living in abject poverty, many of whom have to make do with R200, R500, R1000 per month; of others who have committed suicide and/or surviving on cans of dog-food....  and abouth 35% of these pensioners are black, Coloured and Indian...
When Oregon reached statehood in 1859, you could count the blacks in the state on your hands and feet.  When Lincoln ran for President in 1860, he won Oregon, but barely.  He received 5329 votes (36.1%).  He was almost bested by John Breckenridge, the Southern Democrat, who received 5075 votes (34.4%).  As was the case nationally, if it were not for the split in the Democrats, Lincoln would not have won here.  Northern Democrat Stephen A. Douglas received 4136 votes (28%) in Oregon.  This was not the upper Mid-West, the Central Atlantic area or New England - where Lincoln won a clear majority outright.   In 1864, Lincoln won easily nationally - the South was excluded from the vote.  But Lincoln only won Oregon by 53% to 48% - while losing losing Lane County to Democrat McClellan.  In 1868, Northern General Ulysses S. Grant was the Republican candidate.  He lost Oregon to Democrat Horatio Seymour.  Lane County followed that state trend.
The president elect's wife seems to have worked illegally in the USA which is exactly the problem that the Trump campaign railed against from the start. However I will bet even Director Comey, or ICE will not investigate or prosecute. Men's money and demands lead many women into questionable and dangerous jobs. Our country needs to have a level playing field for women, blacks Latinos and all the 100 other nationalities in just Anchorage. We have many Vietnamese in nail shops, hello cancer. Much of the real work in California agriculture is done by Spanish speakers, cancer,cancer and cancer. MRS Obama has been an effective parent, working on many issues related to children. She has come out and made coherent and stirring speeches. She has bought clothing from middle of the road America and has been an example to women and men worldwide. All in the face of blatant racism by many whom took an oath to defend and uphold the constitution. Also had parts of her speech lifted by Mrs. Trump.
Who convinces students they can only lose before they even start?  Who convinces a young person of anything??   The most important people in their life..... Period. Parents, relatives, media, tribal associations, gangs etc.  It is NOT the teachers or "privileged" white or any other color that tell a person of color that they cannot succeed in education.  If that were so, black colleges would not have even existed during the horrors of Jim Crow.  There is such a thing as a corrosive culture.  It can be the culture of elites and privileged, and it can be the culture of disfunctional tribal identities. Both can rob youth of the joy of exploring and developing their incredible potential. ( I use the word Tribe to describe self identified groups of people not necessarily ethnic groups)  Now that America has become increasingly Tribal in nature, each tribe needs to ask themselves this question.  "In the age of the internet, why dont we demand proficiency from our youth?"
Perhaps a better description will be helpful. From the picture I see in this article, he looks like a black or very brown man wearing an OD Army type field jacket...
Peter, I appreciated the first part of your letter, until the last paragraph.  You indicated I was minimizing and even denying the daily experience of those who don't look like me.  I was trying to explain the very opposite. Though my experience is small, I experience black racism, so it helps me identify.  People are using "white privilege" as a pejorative term -- as did a letter writer after yours who stated he was glad I was offended.  My letter addressed that. I am an ally against racism, I've tasted a smidge and don't like it. I'm not minimizing it but trying to explain that I understand it a small bit, and take it to heart.  So why do people use it pejoratively as that other letter writer did?  Why offend an ally?  Why use it as derogatory name for all whites. Why write off anyone who is concerned about such issues.  I also stated lets not see who has the most hurt but the most love.  Which means, I'm not trying to out do you, so please don't call me names when I support you.
Affirmative action was originally a good idea. It was meant to rectify ills that racial discrimination had perpetrated; chiefly, as the Heritage Foundation notes, it “authorized courts to take ‘affirmative action’ to uproot racially discriminatory practices. That objective was, and remains, morally right. But that same statute forbade race preference; for it is morally wrong.”  Thurgood Marshall wrote in 1954 when director of the Legal Defense Fund of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.  "Racial discrimination is wrong, no matter the color preferred. We begin to transcend racism when we stop the practice of every form of it, by every public body, now. To give favor to males or to females, or to whites or to blacks or to persons of any color, is morally wrong because doing so is intrinsically unfair."  We can give such remedy, rightly--but it is the injury for which remedy is given, not the skin color or sex.
And "pantsuit on fire" has beat the drum since 1992 for minorities-what good has this done for the black, Latino, and Asian communities, as she has amassed a (200+ million) fortune?  I'll answer for you, absolutely nothing.
Objectively, the Blacks started rioting and burning down the city when the police raided their unlawful activity, that they knew was unlawful.  The "truth" is that the Blacks were innocent victims, lambs led to the slaughter, while the police were the ones who were aggressive and violent./sarc
"... if you contacted the SCOTUS and shared your expertise in constitutional law with them." The Supreme Court that previously ruled 1) it was legal for the post office to open mail without a warrant, 2) slavery is OK, 3) interning hundreds of Japanese people during WWII was legal, 4) preventing women and blacks from voting was OK, 5) segregation was legal, and 6) allowing teachers in public schools to preach Christian dogma regardless of what parents wanted? What they decide one day can be changed on another.
Following Mr. Martin's suggestion, I clicked his link to the CNN list of Trump's "57 Most Outrageous Quotes" from his speech in Arizona. Check these out quotes that, according to Mr. Martin, scale new heights in preposterousness:  1. "A lot of people in here, a lot of people pouring right now. They can get them in. Whatever you can do, fire marshals, we'll appreciate it." (CNN's comment- narcissism.)   2. "We all share the same home, the same dreams and the same hopes for a better future. A wound inflicted upon one member of our community is a wound inflicted upon us all." (CNN- Either Trump doesn't understand what he's saying or he's lying.)  3. "I didn't say I love you because you're black, or I love you because you're white, or I love you because you're from Japan, or you're from China, or you're from Kenya, or you're from Scotland or Sweden. I love all the people of our country." (CNN- He mentioned Kenya. Outrageous!)  Trump is correct. The media is biased against him.
We miss the point if we think this whole discussion of "Black Lives Matter" is only about police brutality. It's not, that's only a part of the problem plaguing America. The underlying problem is that of White supremacy and Black Inferiority which is ingrained in the fabric of America and permeates our culture. This is a matter of cause and effect. The effect is the thing that we see, which is the topic of discussion. Now let's open up the dialogue as to cause which is rarely addressed.
Good for president Trump I say! The last thing we need is uppity Law Enforcement bosses. Look at the trouble Toronto has had over the past couple of decades, and some of those Chief's should have been canned. Ask members of the black community about that!   President Trump has some important work in running the United States with out that busy body around!
FDR and LBJ's first 100 days "set the standard"? You mean the imposition of the nanny/welfare state, in opposition to the principles of subsidiarity and distributism, keeping generations of folks--mostly inner city blacks and rural whites-- in the poverty cycle is the historical measuring stick? And no props to POTUS for reinstating Mexico City policy or appointing a SCOTUS who will presumably be as pro life and traditional marriage as Justice Scalia? You know, those little items which Holy Church teaches are to be our primary considerations when choosing elected officials. Only at NCR.
That's right, 82% of white homicide victims are killed by other whites.  The black percent of homicides committed by other blacks just dropped from 90% to 89%.  The white percent of the population is about 64%; the black percentage of the population is about 17%.  But the homicide numbers are about the same, which means blacks are killing each other nearly five times faster.  Now, I'm aware that blacks are often unfairly discriminated against.  "Driving while black" and all that.  It's not fair.  I get that.  But the reality is that the statistics contribute to the discrimination.  The blacks have a cultural issue among their own that they need to deal with, and who better to address than football stars?  I'm not aware of a White Lives Matter movement, are you?
Your lack of self-awareness when your "stats" are thoroughly dismantled is something to behold.  You went silent on the white on white vs black on black thread you were also incorrect on. White on white homicide rate is 81%. Black on black is 90%. Which is higher?
So?   You making the rules for the conversation?  The protest is over police interaction with blacks, you hiding from the real conversation?
I would posit that these same individuals that boo in the stands at the players protest also deride white Hollywood actors that speak up on social issues.   I don't believe it is a race issue for the fans; rather Social Justice Warriors try to make it into one.    Plus until such time as issues such as this (and our FN issue) can be plainly spoken about and not protected in a weird PC bubble it is all a farce to be ignored.     We talk about the poverty of our FN peoples but are not allowed to talk about their role in it.   As that is wrong for some strange reason.   We talk about racism against black  people but are not allowed to talk about the violence in say Baltimore and are always expected to believe it is entirely a societal constraint or the root cause.   While that is undoubtedly true to a point...when a young man fires a gun, that is on him alone and not society....    Let's have an open and honest conversation sometime.
What is this African-American baloney? Do you have personal knowledge that these 'person's of interest' have dual citizenship in an African country?  My good friend Jeff, more like Family at this point, and his wife Cory, awesome people, are both black and from Cleveland, no less. Never heard either one use that term. They always called themselves - get this -  "Americans".  And they are damn proud of it.
$5000 screwdrivers is how they document costs for black ops and other off the grid activities. Screwdrivers code for ammunition.
Chris in Ottawa,  Are you KIDDING me?  I mean that: Are you KIDDING me?  The non-Chinese girl in question called the woman the "C----K" word, a word that is, for Asian folks, in the same vein as a black woman getting called the "N" word....  ... and YOU come on the board to preach about racism among Chinese people?  Are you kidding me, Chris?  Hey, when the comedian, who played "Kramer" on Seinfeld, went on a tirade at a night club and yelled "N-N-N!!!" at a group of black folks, did you rush here to the boards to point out that black folks are often racist and that the complaints of those black folks might reflect their own racism against white people?  You just jumped the shark, dude.  Seriously!
tokenism is all the rage - everything that is old is new again - I read a story about a chemistry professor who failed a black student on a paper the student submitted - the student cried racism and the head of the dept overturned the grade - everything the student submitted after that was graded -A and never reviewed by the professor - but I blame the education system for selling false hope to minorities through a dumbed down curriculum that serves nobodies interests but the education system can't say that minorities are failures because they designed the system so it has to be inherent racism that is holding these students back not ability
If it was me I'd accept the existing contract that both Kim and Park had. Sometimes people get a little bit greedy when something good is happening. They probably getting a lot of bucks per episode. Ride the tide until the show goes away which I think would be soon. Be happy with what you have. Not being racial but asian men and women don't have many rolls in Hollywood. That's the way the acting world rocks for now. Even black men and women have more options. Good luck in your future endeavors.
With all due respect I find it very intriguing that the shooter targeted the audience of a country western concert. He did not choose a mosque, gay night club or a church with predominantly black members. Ask yourself who goes to country western concerts? All you need to do is watch the news footage. I'll leave it to you to make your own conclusion.
What does it matter if he is black or white or brown or male or female or what you feel your gender is at the moment?
Really 'NOT ME". . Show me any place where you have verified or substantiated your comments in this chain of comments. The kettle calling the pot black.  . Trump's revitalization of American Manufacturing has ended. After eight executives quit the council Trump shut down the council. He did this even though he stated he had executives chomping at the bit to replace those that left. . WHY, Trump stated “Because they're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. We want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you're talking about, they're outside of the country. They're having a lot of their product made outside." They are "Grand standers". (Truth is so does Donald Trump, his goods are made where?) . Why the sudden change? It couldn't be because these executives don't support Trump's position on Charlottesville?  I believe they saw him for who he is and walked away.  FACTS and I can verify these comments if you wish Gene.
The facts I presented indeed are not deniable. The racists support the Republican Party, by and large. David Duke loves Donald Trump. They are your albatross ever since the Democrats gave the racists the boot. No one cares what rationalizations Thomas Sowell comes up with. Black families were not torn apart by liberal policies, but by GOP policies that destroyed the middle class. People who help other people are not racists. I know it's the trend for right wingers to try to change definitions, but racists are people who *hate* other races, not those who like them.
Better article to go with the headline, despite the hate on the Republicans had for a law that got the black guy's name on it, their middle class constituents actually like having health care coverage.  Shocked Republicans can't figure out how to keep something long enough to get re-elected before the coverage runs out on their supporters.  Stay tuned for the mid term elections.
We're not too stupid to understand your protesting reasons.  We just fundamentally disagree with your interpretation. Your community continually circles the wagons around thugs. You act like police forces have some protocol from Donald Trump himself ordering the murder of young black men.   Let me know when your community can address statistics that point to it as the most blatantly violent in our country. Let me know when you figure out that high police presence correlates with that violence, as well. It's a two way street, this relationship, and it's clear that police can make mistakes as well...but so long as you act like you're above changing your own behavior and becoming responsible for it, I see no reason to engage the protests with any kind of respect. You're using the flag to denigrate the whole country as racist...which is unthinkably divisive and blatantly untrue.
Of those 258 blacks killed by police, 16 were considered unarmed.  The number of people killed by police, regardless of color, is far less of a significant number than the ones who were unarmed at the time, and did not pretend to be armed.  Those people deserve justice, as do any people of any color who are abused by police officers.  The vast majority of police officers want only to do their job to investigate crime, serve the public, and go home alive and well to their families at the end of the shift.  Pretending that there are many officers who are prowling around just itching to kill someone is ridiculous.
Has Obama EVER placed blame on a perp?  Never.  He blames guns.  He blames rhetoric.  Now he blames cops by telling them they need to admit their racism.    Here's the problem..... According to the US Department of Justice, blacks accounted for 52.5% of homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008, with whites 45.3% and "Other" 2.2%. The offending rate for blacks was almost 8 times higher than whites, and the victim rate 6 times higher.   It's no mystery why blacks are over-represented in our jails and prisons, when they are over-represented in criminal activity.  Obama is the one who needs to admit what the problem is.
Hmm... Well.  Physically, Mr. Obama certainly resembles the black race more than the white - that may add to the recognition of him as black more than white.  He also obviously sees himself that way - he identifies himself as African American, not biracial.
Right, your attempt at shaming men into silence being noted...Can you not see that  saying since a tiny fraction of men make it to the top, all men should just shut up and not complain is...asinine? Do you think men don't have really pain and real grievances just because a fraction of us are CEO's? Do you think that sharing a skin colour and genitalia with a CEO means most men get CEO perks and treatment, or that a CEO will somehow care at all about them?   Its just so rediculous to say: Well, the very best among you are doing very well, I don't see anything wrong here, you big babies. Would you use that line of reasoning on a black woman? "Hey, Oprah and Beyonce got rich and influential, so what's your problem?"
How so?  I FULLY SUPPORT the protest of illegal police killings.  I distinguish, however, between the protest of illegal police killings and the type of racist bigotry regularly on display by Black Lives Matter.  To say that America has built a program of genocide towards blacks is insanely racist, and calculated to sow more division between the races.
Do you really want to talk about data and facts? The fact is that the criminal rate of blacks is 3 times higher than any other race. Blacks are 6 times more likely to commit murder than a non-black and 12 times more likely to murder someone of another race than to be murdered by someone of another race. In 2013, of the approximately 660,000 crimes of interracial violence that involved blacks and whites, blacks were the perpetrators 85 percent of the time. This meant a black person was 27 times more likely to attack a white person than vice versa. It's no wonder police are on edge particularly where it concerns young black males. Yes black lives matter and we certainly don't want to see situations where someone like Charles Kinsey in Miami is shot while complying with police instructions with his hands up. But let's be real and acknowledge the real facts and try to work on real solutions. It starts with an intact family and a focus on education, I can't say it enough.
So who was right Will, the patient Dr. King or Huey Newton who wasn't willing to wait?   We're either the 'whole picture' Will.   Black civil rights were confronted by government sponsored injustice in the south and faced with routine murder and rape for decades.   We're is your outrage for this post slavery era?
Mr. Eastman: My father was a member of the unit that built the highway.  Yes, there were all white units that built the highway.  But they started in Canada and built north, while the all black units started in Alaska and built south.  The white communities in Canada did not want black soldiers in their towns. Of course, the black soldiers endured the tougher conditions, with no communities.  So why was it ok for black soldiers to be segregated, but it's not ok to honor them?
The 52% of homicides committed by blacks are only 'convictions'.    The blacks are being singled out and prosecuted only because they are black.  I read it here just the other day.
The problems we face could be solved if we decide all lives matter. Democrats could do a much better job of promoting that idea. The Republicans have made it clear they have no problems with killing any number of people for fun, fear, profit, resentment, God's will, and revenge. The only question are the targets. They can't even save the children of Flint. No profit there. Just poor people, most black. Today's GOP is little more than a white identity death cult. They are defined by who they fear, resent, and hate, nothing aspirational. I do pity their children. They deserve better.
First of all, there is no such thing as a "gay cake".   The guy is refusing to serve people based on his own preconceived beliefs.  Just like how people have refused to serve blacks or women in the past.    If this couple had asked this guy to make a cake in a shape or style that he did not normally do, or use a specific ingredient that he does not normally carry/use, then he would be within his rights to refuse to make the cake.  However, by all accounts, that was not the case here, as the cake this couple asked for was very simple and very ordinary in his practice.
Don't read too much into that.  Note the quotation marks implying what I've clearly stated elsewhere--the Zionist entity's usurpation of this holy name is a spiritual crime in and of itself.  As for other "arguments":  (1) Failing to immediately mention something during ongoing discussion doesn't constitute tacit approval of it.  Should I castigate your for "implicitly praising" US cops getting way with murder of black folks because you haven't mentioned it? (2) I'm Shi'a.  I have repeatedly protested atrocities perpetrated by Hamas, the da'esh ("ISIS") and their ilk against noncombatants REGARDLESS of 'religious label'.  Unlike you, I don't make excuses for atrocities by minimizing them as "squabbles" or "internal ferment".  The Zionists DELIBERATELY and FATALLY irradiated 100,000 Jewish CHILDREN!  How loudly would you scream had this been done by Arabs?  Hypocrisy. (3) And no, it isn't a 'plus'.  Praising it as if it somehow 'balances' mass-murder of children is morally repugnant.
So, let's see. A police officer is indicted for murder in the shooting death of a black teenager. The police claim the car was moving toward them. Only one problem. The car was actually fleeing. Fast forward to Denver. A police officer is caught using a national crime data base to weed out his missing daughter's phone. Of the two cases cited, which do you think is more important. OK. Now we agree that both officers were in the wrong. Wrong is wrong. It doesn't matter how serious the offense. If an officer cannot uphold his oath, he should not serve. It's not a matter of consequence, it's a matter of principle. Police grovel before the public, not the other way around.
"Buckwheat" was a Black character in the Little Rascals movies I watched growing up in the 1960's on tv but in my area of Albany, NY the name "Buckwheat" was used as a derogatory name for Blacks. and it appears to have been coined from an association with Aunt Jemima pancake mix. My dad who was a radical racist called Blacks "Buckwheat" all the time.  Therefore I conclude that ignorant people should not name call at all, now you will have to explain why you are not a racist like my dad.
Black people are in all walks of life, doctors ,teachers, sports, business owners, movies, blue collar, white collar and you name it. They talk good or bad about themselves and often it's not particularly nice so what's the deal? Can't they be talked to like there is no barrier or is there a barrier that want to put up. What is the problem, would it go away if all of the white people took their way of life, thoughts and whatever so what is supposed to be done? Are there two ways to act depending on what company you keep if so what is the suggested way to act in biracial company? Seems awful complicated so what's going to simplify it?
1. Religion should form no part of the public school system, other than to perhaps study different forms of religion in a social studies class.  If they want to have religion in school and accommodate everyone, then everyone ought demand accommodation for any inane religious reason they can think of and then we'll see how much gets accomplished at the schools.  It's nonsense.  Religion should be taught and practiced at home and community - unless it's a denominational school.  2.  Did anyone catch the irony of the kids comment? “Mama,” he said, looking me square in the eyes, “if a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.”.  Well, that's exactly how these protesters feel..... they feel there are extreme muslims that have come to Canada and are spewing hate and being violent.  Now, it's likely not the kids at school but unfortunately radical muslims aren't always public about where they meet.
The Civil Rights Act passed by liberals destroyed black families? Hmmm, I did not know that, thanks for enlightening me!
Hey Gary, will you do a bit of research? Look at our inner cities, look at all our inner city citizens. Look at how the dem. party has failed the blacks and the rest of the citizens. While you are at it research Richmond Ca., I grew up there, I have first hand experience with the failures this nation, for many many years have with improving opportunities for a big part of our population. I asked yesterday and I will ask again today, why does the dem. party hate the inner city citizens? The dem. party just uses them for votes, the use fear and hate to control the citizens. Are you really proud to be a part of the party who has failed so many for so many years? Don't you think it is time to try something different? If you want I can give you a few key words to put in your search engine and help you get some honest facts.
It is not only disheartening it needs to be fought against.  Sexism is hatred and laity need to act against it in our church.  Civil rights would never have been won if the black population listened to all the leaders of our country tell them they just don't deserve justice.  Justice must be prayed for and fought for in and out of our church.
Some of the arsonists etc in Portland   last week or so weren't black.  The gang bangers shooting their Tec 9 pistol n the Morrison bridge were anti rioters, so they don't count either .
Margaret Sanger advocated for eugenics (forced sterilization) for blacks and Catholics. She resigned from Planned Parenthood when that organization chose not to pursue forced sterilization, which was legalized if not performed in 37 states. You say " Oregon did all of that except for the (blacks)... That is our history." But not the history of PP. http://www.ewtn.com/library/prolife/pphistry.txt" The principal targets of the American sterilization programs were the intellectually disabled and the mentally ill, but also targeted under many state laws were the deaf, the blind, people with epilepsy, and the physically deformed. While the claim was that the focus was mainly the mentally ill and disabled, the definition of this during that time was much different" rhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compulsory_sterilization#United_States That's the truth so far as I can find. The truth, whether you acknowledge it or not.  And today, planned parenthood does no forced sterilization or abortion.
Kaepernick IS papering over problems that exist.  He turns a blind eye to the black-on-black violence/ murder rates in places like Chicago, Oakland and NYC, which is a much,  MUCH bigger problem right now,  than the number of fatalities in police-related shootings.
Steven Bannon is an evil man.  Period.    And really part of the reason that people who voted for Trump was because of economics but  it was also straight racism.  I was watching CNN last night and Wisconsin working class voters admitted they voted for Trump because they didn't like blacks and Mexicans in their neighborhoods.  Trump cannot do anything for the economics, but he can unfortunately do things to stoke their sense of racial animosity. (#MuslimBan)
Why, do you want to blame all black people for the actions of this mentally ill person?  Just curious why it seems to matter to you so much?  "Miller, 45, was a Marine veteran and was recently involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation by the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. The early stages of the investigation shows that Miller had made threats to law enforcement on Facebook, O’Dell said."
At some point, the government will shut down 'sanctuary cities' Denver being one of the biggest.  This is  just more proof of just how dangerously ridiculous it has become.  Democrat government, Democrat black mayor, city counsel full of liberals, this is what's become of a once beautiful city.
The harshness of the prosecution (and therefore the sentence) has a lot to do with race.  Use has to do with escape in a lot of cases.  Of course, blacks are in urban areas, not rural, although the drugs are shipped through the cities (except Oxy).  My point is that much of it has nothing to do with race, hence the mention of whites.
Denise...you could travel much closer to home, visit the Amherstburg Freedom Museum near Windsor Ontario and write about the black history in that region...a National Historic Site of Canada and once part of the Underground Railroad.  The Nazrey African Methodist Episcopal Church part of the property was built in 1848 by former slaves and free blacks.  Another community older than Canada!
Dr. King repeatedly faced the charge that he was not "patient" enough. This was the subject of his "Letter from Birmingham Jail", where he answered a group of white clergy who accused him of impatience. As for myself, I find it hard to imagine how you could accuse an African-American leader of impatience after more than 300-plus years of brutal white supremacy in the Americas.   And you're misconstruing my point about violence and civil rights movement.   What I was saying was quite specific: that after Brown v the Board. the federal government repeatedly backed civil rights movement with organized military and police violence; Jim Crow racists did not surrender when confronted with the superior moral and physical courage of non-violent demonstrators. They also had to back down from, for example, Eisenhower's use of federal troops to integrate the Little Rock schools, and Kennedy's military suppression of white supremacists at Ole Miss in '62.
Let me make the question simple so you can understand it. Is the photo an actual photo or not? Very simple question. Apparently it is an actual photo. You just have a problem in that Trump is using it to show support from some in the black community. Does the family in the photo support Trump? Final question, pay attention, this is a simple question. Did Trump claim the photo was from a Trump event or not? As you folks on the left say, provide a reference please. I ask because I did not see the photo, or see Trumps tweet. I do not do twitter. This is going to be fun, pointing out the cons in those saying they are pointing out the cons in the Donald's tweets.
Okay, but I understand that it's the black labs that are okay and friendly.
She can state her opinion and couch it as such.  As to facts, a blanket indictment of all white males has no relationship to fact. She did not couch it as satire so we have to assume it is her opinion, made from the pulpit of a U of H faculty position. Again, had a white male on the U of H facultly made such a statement about black females, it is a pretty safe bet that he would be fired or facing serious disciplinary measures.
Glad to see , they are off the streets, this kind of senseless random violence is the worst. My question to the gentlemen who made the reference about why so many black people are incarcerated, is how would it be any less senseless if it was white on black, or brown on black or white on white? It's these types of irresponsible comments that keeps America polarized. The real question is how do we prevent this type of senseless violence, not the color of their but the act of aggression.
The complaints from white Republicans about political correctness started about the same time black folks started demanding equal rights with white folks. Their complaints exploded when Obama was elected. White Americans had never "had" to be polite to any black person before his election. They want the white privilege they claim does not exist. They do not want to be equal to black folks. They think they are superior to black folks. The good news is that not all white people are white racists. That is particularly true about younger white folks. The future is bright for the USA.
Don't you just love how they call it Family Planning when it's nothing more than eugenics.  Maybe if they were honest about it instead of putting it in terms of women's health it would give them a little more credibility. Make no mistake, their priority is to reduce the numbers of black and brown people planet-wide with your hard earned tax dollars.
"White privilege" is liberalspeak meant to divide America. Barack Hussein Obama is the epitome of black privilege.  1st repost! [Some snowflake in here didn't like this and took it down.]
Giving land ownership as in property rights to black people is actually a proposal of the Free Market Foundation. Check out their Khaya Lam project, which is designed to give black people title deeds to their land by means of donations from well, white monopoly capital mostly.
Inspired by Black Lives Matter?   Racist pos...
I don't doubt that some police are racist, or that some prosecutors are racist. What I know from many years' first-hand experience is that those police are rare. No matter how you slice it, a defendant gets convicted only by his own hand (a guilty plea) or a conviction by jury. In big cities, which is where most of the crime we're talking about occurs, most jurors are black.    I long for the day when the incidence of violent crime---and I include in that category major drug offenses---is the same regardless of race.  It was never enjoyable to see a man sentenced to prison for decades. God created us with dignity, to be free. Decent people are greatly saddened by that, and speak honestly.  Until blacks and whites start looking honestly at what has happened to a rather large sub-part of the black race in America, black men will continue their tragic trajectory to life in prison.  It may feel good to blame it all on race, but whites' feeling good does nothing for blacks.
Brilliant reply. It is racist to say that 96% of African slaves ended up in the Caribbean and South America?  It just shows how insecure the professional victim class is in this country.  I applaud people from all races who aren't perpetual victims.  Native Americans have had it the worst.  There isn't even a close second.  Jews rebounded from true genocide.  Japanese Americans thrived after internment.  There are success stories from all races.  I'd rather spit out more about them.  Do you have some examples from the black community as a whole that you would like to share?
William: There was no direct reference to blacks (even though she later apologized for the inference.) She was talking about all gangs. White, black, hispanic. Here's what Hillary said:   "But we also have to have an organized effort against gangs. Just as in a previous generation we had an organized effort against the mob. We need to take these people on. They are often connected to big drug cartels, they are not just gangs of kids anymore. They are often the kinds of kids that are called superpredators — no conscience, no empathy. We can talk about why they ended up that way, but first, we have to bring them to heel."  It honestly sounds like something Donald would say.
Either we're genuinely competitive globally, or we sink. In light of the anticipated "4th industrial revolution", for which we are wholly unprepared, I predict that we will sink. The global economy doesn't care what colour your skin is - it cares only about how productive you are, and how competitive you are - and the average South African (i.e. "black labour") is neither. Time to get your head out of the sand, Mr Konopi.
So, if it didn't happen to them specifically, they shouldn't take a stand?  You should Google pro athletes and "driving while black".
Pondering this question up to 2019 is just dilly dallying.  What if he says no then?  Actually, it would just coin the hegemony of black monopoly capital if you ask me.
Re Ozawa: "the first African-American president"  It seems to me that there is something vaguely racist about referring to someone who is Hapa as  African-American.  Wouldn't it be more accurate to call him Hapa white-black, or Hapa Euro-Afro.?
Statues of Lee and Jackson celebrate treason. But apparently, protesting the fact that black people get killed by the dozen by police and the police get off -- and yes, "dozens" is the correct word -- is worse than treason as far as you are concerned.
Thanks for this article.  Flies in the face of those white Alaskans with wet feet and visions of pyramids dancing in their heads--i.e. deep in deNile.  As for the professor's experience, been there, done that.  San Diego was real big on that cowardly, covert style of white supremacy--Black sailors and marines referred to San Diego as "little Mississippi" when I was stationed at Camp Pendleton.  When our apartment's owner raised the rent astronomically to "gentrify" his Spring Valley property--said he wanted to get rid of "the Blacks, Mexicans and Vietnamese" (no, it wasn't Donald Trump.  This guy's name was Green and he was Jewish), we frantically searched for a place to live and were REPEATEDLY turned down.  I had to stop taking my wife with me to look for rentals.  One look at her, rental offers suddenly vanished and deposits were returned.  Despite both working full-time, we faced homelessness with a four year-old and a newborn.  We finally managed to rent a dump in the ghetto.
Thankfully, this group doesn't appear to be officially sanctioned by the denomination. I hate to see SdAs buying into bogus lefist terms such as "social justice." The term is just a buzzword for their pet projects where they try to make people believe they are victims of an unfair society and need government and its many-programmed advocates to solve their problems.  A waste of time and energy. Note also that the audience is black, so you can see who's buying into such propaganda/lies.
Here we go again. Now we are importing immigration issues from other countries and are trying to find Canadian solutions to other countries  problems. Like income inequality and black lives matter, the immigration conversation Leitch is having is irrelevant to Canada.   We do not have 10 million undocumented immigrants in this country or do we have a mass of unknown people suddenly migrating to this country like Europe.  Our immigration levels may be high but we know who these people are .  Kelly stop - you are embarrassing yourself.
With Antifa, Black Lives Matter, RESIST, gang warfare, etc., the police need to be armed.  If that includes military surplus weaponry, I say, "go for it!"
Kelly was in charge of The Southern Command. Enforcing the Monroe Doctrine's modern day function. Remember The Iran Contra fiasco when Oliver North fell on his sword when Reagan was caught breaking the law? That sort of black op oversight.
It amazes me on how many "Southern sympathizers" people take pride in a symbol that represents a disgusting time in our history, they took Black people into slavery, meaning they forcefully made them work long hours without pay and were regularly beaten, raped and tortured. The south wanted to ensure they got to keep their property (Slaves). Many look to the Confederate flag as a symbol of white supremacy, here is one from the history books, the last general for the Confederate states was not Robert E. Lee,  the last general to surrender was a Cherokee Indian and his army of Indians. The Indian Generals name was Stand Watie.
Walt,   Are you saying that someones skin color makes them more likely to commit a crime?  There are also studies that show that blacks are disproportionately targeted by police.  The overwhelming majority of these crimes are non-violent in nature.  Skin color isn't a factor in committing a crime; your family upbringing, neighborhood and peers you associate with are better indicators although more variables do exist.    https://goo.gl/39PYgx Police arrest more people for marijuana use than ... - Washington Post
The issue is that people think if they aren't in the KKK or a similar group then they aren't racist or bigoted. Most racism happens out of ignorance, and the ignorance lies in not understanding what it's like to be a person of difference. It's hard to understand how society can be unfair for some, when it seems so fair to you.  As a straight white male from a Christian family I can go to almost any place in western society and as Louis C.K. put it: I'll be greeted with "Why, we have a table right here for you sir". I have no idea what it's like to be gay, black, a woman, etc. When groups who do not have the power in society point out this inequality it challenges the assumptions of those who do. If you've never experienced what it's like to be judged based on your heritage, your skin color, your sexual orientation, or your gender then it seems like a bunch of made-up problems. It's only when you recognize the inequality in society can you begin to change it rather than perpetuate it.
It appears that more NFL players are choosing to exhibit the "Black Power" salute. In the 1968 Summer Olympics, Americans Juan Carlos and Tommy Smith both raised the "Black Power" salute on the winners podium. The IOC stripped both of their medals and banned them from Olympic competition for life. The NFL players "Black Power" salute reflects what the African-American players fundamentally believe and espouse. However, DP and the Kiz both lack the moral ability to address what "Black Power" clearly and unequivocally means.   Although the "Black Power" salute meets the definition of "hate speech" DP and the Kiz are conspicuously silent. In the military, the players would be charged under Article 117 of the UCMJ for Provoking Speeches and Gestures. Ironic how the MSM promotes such clear discriminatory behaviors in the NFL workplace as morally acceptable?
Mitch McConnell and John Boehner both acted like entitled plantation slave owners when dealing with Barack Obama.  They both were arrogant and insolent treating him as an unworthy uppity black man who saw himself, God forbid, as President.   Like, how dare he see himself as their equal,  expecting colloquy, compromise, and bipartisan agreement as President of the United States.  Like you, Leonard, I grew impatient with how many times President Obama came forward. expecting these hardened people to wake up.  Over and over, Barack did it and it became embarrassing.  McConnell and Boehner didn't deserve that kind of collegial respect.
Well said. She is speaking from a position of privilege. Majority of Indians suffered under apartheid and many still do. It's only the privileged merchant class that benefited from discrimination. Apartheid afforded them the opportunity to establish themselves financially. It is the same class of Indians that exploited the poor local Indian community and black community. I know, I am Indian.
Anybody want to guess to what extent we neglect the most vulnerable? 60+ recommendations made in 2014. We are still talking about it in 2017.  Draconian Cuts made to any and all resources that is budgeted for the most vulnerable. I'm disabled, a veteran, single Dad to 5 kids. Ruptured L4-5. My eyesight is bad and my teeth painfully rotting.    I've been homeless. I was ignored if I was lucky. Even though these homeless folks break the law daily by simply living. None of them go to a warm jail and eat food.   I'm a white dude, walking down the sidewalk in a mainly black neighborhood. In a blink, 5 cop cars surround me. Slam! me on the hood of their car and frisk me. Constantly insinuating I was looking for drugs. They find nothing. So the one "good cop" asks me if I took drugs. I said "I smoke pot once in a while." He says "You know you could get a lot of time for that." I genuinely laughed. They hauled me away to jail because "I don't like your sense of humor".   Makes sense?
frank, i doubt very much that you are not a racist and a bigot. we all are. anyone of us that has never protested, marched, petitioned, donated, written letters or articles or otherwise put ourselves on the frontlines of racism and bigotry in their lifetime is a racist and a bigot and most likely intolerant. if you, me and everyone else dont personally get involved whenever we encounter inequality, are guilty of at least apathy. trump is probably like you, didnt meet any blacks.  you mention the second amendment. who cares? if you are married or have daughters, you should really care about getting the ERA passed? women are still second class citizens here, and we know what trump thinks of them. of the 27% of voters that voted for him, probably less than 5% are true racists but they have a large footprint. i didnt vote for him but will wait until his first week is finished, that will tell us what he will be like. just today he says he likes parts of obamacare. theres always hope.
Never miss a chance to show how bad they have it the US. Even if off topic.  Didn't know Italian was a religion. Or Black, or Hispanic,
This is a positive story about a positive ceremony to honor a man whose life story has a positive impact on Eugene.  Yet, several commenters feel it necessary to respond to it with negative and nasty comments.  One expresses that honoring a Black Eugene pioneer during Black History Month is somehow "unfairly ignoring" the white pioneers of the community.  Another deems the article and/or the signage  "unnecessary."  Two others use the article as a platform to denigrate an African American poster on this site......Note: that poster has the courage to use his own name, while those who attack him do so anonymously.  (guys, if you are going to attack someone, you might at least have the courage to do so under your own name)   The ceremony honoring Wiley Griffon is "open" to the public....no one is required to attend.  Those who post their negative comments have every right to do so....that's First Amendment protected.  Those comments do, however IMO, not speak well for the authors.
I disagree with the notion that hate speech should be free. The issue is that by allowing people to incite rage, intimidation and violence on others - often on entire groups of people that consist of very different individuals who shouldn't even be judged together - by allowing this, you opt for the "rights of the strong". Whoever has the loudest, most threatening voice, will effectively silence the other group because they're afraid to speak out, because they'll be intimidated, doxxed and assaulted by the haters inspired and legitimized by hate speech.  Now, the group that's intimidated can be on either side. The article makes a good argument that intimidation and actual violence (not "I feel unwell when you voice your idea" violence) is being used against well-meaning academia. Of course, the groups that stage these campus protests are often the groups who have previously experienced the same intimidation: Blacks, LGBTQs, Muslims, etc.  Free speech must be a balance in order to work.
He made some statements on Morning live this morning. Seems it is all the white man's fault as usual. For some reason there seems to be a focus on "black" poverty but nothing was said about white poverty and the rates it has increased at. Then there is another statistic I'd like to know. How many foreigners in South Africa are living above and below the poverty line and what are the foreigners employment statistics.
HEAaaaaay - i'm feeling prejudiced against here.   i'm being prejudiced against because of my hair color of being red and all.  i can't help that unca daddy and aunt bea made red haired babies. i was borned this way... like the bible says "Baby you was borned this way.  . it's ok to be red hair but not black skin or none them other things." Jesus said it to paul in that note he left.
The Mulford Act was a California state law in response to the Black Panthers walking the streets armed with loaded guns, including in Sacramento during a demonstration in opposition to the law. African/Americans were strongly opposed to the law.
Why are The Daily Wire, The Daily Caller, Breitbart and Heat Street so agitated by what Prof. Harron said?  They have written extremely negative articles about minorities, particularly blacks that were far worse than what Prof. Harron could ever write about the issue she is trying to address.  Listen closely.  Don't be threatened by her views that may well be based on factual data.
Jonah wants the 1st black president to make caring for the fragile egos of the white people that hate him, a priority. He should be grateful that he didn't demand reparations for 200 years of white racism.
So they claim the "non-white community" is targeted disproportionately by producers of sugary drinks, eh?  So that's why we see mostly blacks and hispanics and Asians in Coke and Pepsi commercials.  They must have an awful lot of white make-up on.
I said a bigot, there's a difference.     Just try a google on his name.   He's been making headlines for at least a decade.   He's as guilt free as Trump, they have that in common.     He loves to create stereotypes for the old men drinking coffee at Hardee's..    Like a lot of Iowans, none would say they are racist, because many haven't had normal friendship with a person of color.    It's not Nazi Germany, more like a black free Finland.       It's seldom as vile as King, but like Trump, he's a megaphone for people who feel superior to other races, but are afraid to think it, let alone say it.    Guilt has its positive side.    What good are social values if they lake a 'gut' punishment or a 'heart' of joy?     We can't deal with the pain of others so we make them into something else, something unlovable. vermin, drug runners with bulging calves...   Trump/King dehumanize people they don't like, making them into objects to be mocked or scorned.    They're bullies.
The main point in XIV is that whenever states deprive targeted groups of their rights, the federal goverment has the authority to overturn that action. No going after blacks, Jews, Romany, Chinese, atheists, women, gays, Catholics or people who disagree with Catholics. While Justice Thomas thinks that the unborn make the list, no other Justice does. The plain language of the amendment is born or naturalized. In Roe, the ability to be born was equated with birth, but until Congress, who is the only body who can enforce the Amendment says differently, States can only nibble around the edges after the first trimester, where they generally pander rather than balance the interests of the unborn child and the mother in a crisis pregnancy. They might be able to ban abortions of Downs babies, but getting such a case to SCOTUS will not lead to overturning Roe. As for living wage, if you want to call Pius XI a Marxist, that is on you. Casti Connubii 121, 122.
While Ontario's plan is rooted in what is easiest for bureaucrats inside Queen's Park, they appear to have forgotten the push to legalize, rests in the goal to eradicate the black market.  Ontario's plan will absolutely induce and support a continued black market for pot in the province.  While many expected the Ontario government to lean on the easy solution they see in LCBO pot outlets, providing access sometimes, in a very few locations, is the worst possible choice.
If owners bench players, fans should stop watching games in protest, and drop a complaint at every advertiser' inbox and begin boycotting them as well. Lost ad revenue should get someone's attention. THIS IS NOT ABOUT THE FLAG, THE ANTHEM, THE VETS, OR ANY FORM OF DISRESPECT. They are gaslighting, changing the message.   This is about RACISM, INJUSTICE, COPS OUT OF CONTROL KILLING BLACKS WITHOUT CONSEQUENCE. Stop changing the message to distract the American people.
So how many black jobs, Native American jobs, Hispanic jobs, Muslim jobs, female jobs, Lesbian jobs, gay jobs or transgender jobs per industry?  Would an employer get 'extra credit' for a Lesbian,  multi-racial, Muslim?    Since Oregon only has about 1.5% black population, will the employers in Bend be penalized if they can't get any black concrete workers to work on a bridge or spread hot asphalt?  What will the penalty be?
Reply to Mr. Yellin: Chicago is known to be a "Democrat Machine" city, where the city government has used a system of bribes and pay-offs to control the votes for any election, including the presidential elections.  The Black people on welfare in Chicago are part of the scheme.  Bread and Circuses (welfare and other government services) are provided for a "captive" group of voters. That's why some Black leaders have said that: "We are being used by the Democrats".  Those Black leaders who oppose this system, feel that Black people are better than this. They can have useful and productive jobs and the self esteem and social recognition that goes with that.
So, now you know your map doesn't include white neighborhoods, only black and Hispanic neighborhoods, so you still believe that Planned Parenthood doesn't serve white people. Amazing. It's amazing that you cling to provably wrong notions. And your post is still bald and obvious bigotry. This goes beyond the map, this shows your willingness to use obviously false and misleading information from a single source to back up a whole panoply of bigotry you carry around. That's on you, not on some targeted propaganda source. You have to be responsible for the sources you choose.
Did you miss (black) Evangelical Bishop Aubrey Shines endorsement of Trump today?
Some more numbers for you.   Alaska 2012 ( the most present year I can find data)  1 in 34,000 whites charged with murder 1 in 15,000 natives charged with murder 1 in 12,800 Asians charges with murder 1 in 6,100 blacks charged with murder  Numbers like these show how out of touch people like you are with reality.
Nice drama, charles.  Are you a stage actor?  Millions of whites voted for a half-white candidate who identifies as black.   That's black privilege.  My DNA goes back to Africa maybe I should ID as black and get some of that.
Excellent, Sherry! You have realized and agreed that yes, London was a growing city in the period you mentioned, not a shrinking one that locals were running away from because it was somehow yucky and somehow without jobs! Well done.  Now, Sherry, in your next step towards correcting your confusion, you need to absorb two more facts:  1. England had colonies that England wanted to - guess what - COLONIZE! So, um, duh, the British government encouraged emigration to the colonies for political purposes. Maybe you are confusing Britain with Portugal and Spain (countries that feared depopulation and thus restricted migration to their colonies)?  2.  During the period you mentioned, um, visible minorities were a tad reluctant to emigrate (roll eyes) to Britain because Britain was grabbing and using blacks as slaves, and had racist restrictions against brown-skinned folks (no more than a fourth of a ship's crew from India could be Indian) similar to bans by Canada (head tax, Kobiashi Maru).
Nice emotional non-answer ramble gary.  I'll take it as a "NO, President Trump hasn't affected my life in a tangible way".  He basically hurt your feelings because he beat Hillary, right?   So back to my question ..... other than emotionally or psychologically, how has President Trump negatively impacted blacks and gays in a tangible way?  How many constitutional rights has he stripped them of?
and 7% undecided.  Last week when the robo-pollster called, I was a 46 year old black woman woman voting for Trump.  I also wonder how many folks are out there who are going to vote for Trump and just aren't saying so to anyone or anything?  I also wonder what the polls would look like if the Libertarian (Johnson) and Green (Stein) Party candidates after the debates if they were allowed to participate?
And Jesus, who came to save sinners and the world, said unto the great throng of bigoted white people gathered before him, some crying out in wrath and some with great wailing and gnashing of teeth because they saw a nearly Black man, who said: “Look man, you want to hang me like you did those before me, slaves, from my part of the world and only because of the color of their skin. I never knew you. I am not and never was a Republican.”
John Lewis -- " a practitioner of black and white rhetoric and confrontation"??????? What does that even mean?????????  The man was one of the leaders of the civil rights movement in which principally African Americans (with white allies, that's true) fought against racist oppression by whites.  That you would find that problematic, says much -- and nothing good.
I agree we should not go back to how it used to be, where minorities had to shut up and ignore racist comments.  Maybe the key is in the word "prejudice": none of us should have a picture in our heads of  what it means to be Black, Latino, Asian, or female.  We are all different, and no one should assume what someone is like or how they think, based on appearance.  In the bad old days some educators assumed girls  should be routed away from Math and Science and into 'softer' subjects, which was BS.  We should know better now, but there are still some who think that way.
"Taking a knee during the national anthem is not showing disrespect to fallen veterans or to your country or making a political statement"  IMO You are incorrect, sir.  Seeing people dropping to a knee during a presentation of a national anthem as opposed to standing tall, only shows (to me) a lack of respect.  And in that we have the real problem here - individual interpretations of actions undertaken.   If the message is awareness of police brutality against blacks, sports figures (in this case) could better get the message across via clearly and directly speaking to it in a public forum allowing no avenue for misinterpretation.
Interesting that Will cites Charles Murray.   "(Wikipedia) Citing assertions made by Murray in The Bell Curve, The Southern Poverty Law Center labeled Murray a "white nationalist," charging that he has a long history of advocating discredited ideas that are rooted in eugenics".  Also interesting that Will mocks the African American community. Also interesting how Will ignores the fact that education is, in fact, almost entirely a wealth driven activity. Harder and harder for the poor to get into and through college, easier and easier for the 1% to succeed in the same endeavor. The very poor in any white community tends not to gain a college education...but then Murray would say that is a result of their just being too dumb.  I have absolutely no respect for George Will and his thoughts other than, of course, his willingness to be open about leaving the Republican Party. Hugh Massengill, Eugene
Desmond Cole can now move on to stopping other attempts to have the police and black youth build better bonds.
Obamacare - handed off to the SCOTUS and John Roberts made the right call. Obama was left a financial crisis by Bush and yes, the president takes vacations with his family who require protection. Still unable to accept a black president? How about a woman?
Stringent for-cause evictions are just a matter of due process that acknowledges the impact of displacement. Without such stringency we necessarily have no-cause evictions, which A) aren't any more effective than for-cause for the true problem tenant (both will end up in eviction court if a tenant has already demonstrated a lack of regard for property), and B) effectively allows landlords to evict when they don't want to make repairs, hear complaints, or don't like that their tenant has a new baby, or a new Black boyfriend. Sure, retaliation and discrimination are illegal, all a tenant has to do is hire an attorney and prove that they know what their landlord is thinking.   I don't think that all landlords are evil and all tenants are angels, but providing housing is a huge responsibility and bad tenants are a business risk. If mom & pop can't afford that risk they shouldn't be landlords. But you're not going to convince me that their financial security is more important than ours.
The severity of the issue is seen when you look at at deaths per 100,000. The only way our argument makes sense is if black and white populations are equal, which are not. Blacks make up 11% of Denver's population, but if your figures are  right, they are involved in 45% of the murders. And since most murders are committed by malses aged 14-25, It looks like almost half the murders are committed by 3-4% of the population.
I don't think so. Trump sees left and right as equally acceptable ways of circumventing any obstacle to his main goal - which is the enrichment and glorification of Donald Trump.  That should be clear from his health care policy (policy of course being a misnomer). He could care less what was in the bill - whether Americans wound up with the best health care in the world or the worst - as long as he could proclaim he had killed Obamacare. Such is his disdain and envy for a black man who ascended to the most powerful office in the world - honestly!
a sad day for black people everywhere
"I wonder if all the political newness of electing Barack Obama, amongst other things a black man, to the highest office in the land has caused an unexpected shift in identity for many."  A friend of mine is a voter registrar.  She said white guys in their 30s, 40s, and even 50s registered to vote for the first time last year just so they could vote for Herr tRump.  In this country we grew up thinking that white dominance was a given.  When Barack Obama was elected, the George Wallace constituency rose out of its dormancy to vote for tRump.
And prior to 2008 they had never elected a black man to be president, but that didn't turn out to be an issue at all.  I'm sure there is a very small minority of the population that wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton simply because she was a woman, but probably a similar minority would vote FOR Hillary simply because she was a woman.  In reality it is unlikely that this played a big role in the election one way or the other.  The real answer can be summed up by these couple lines from the article: "You couldn’t find a candidate more synonymous with the status quo than Ms. Clinton.  And voters were dissatisfied with it."
Trying to judge the past through the eyes of the present is a mugs game.The world is a lot different now then it was 100 years ago,people had very little contact with other cultures and races.Here in Canada we treated Chinese,Japanese,Jews and yes,blacks like second class citizens,many of our politicians would be considered racist by todays standards,including John A. McDonald.From what I've read Robert E.Lee was an honourable man.Times were different!!!
The great buzz word of 2017,inclusivity.Does it include white males?I know it does not in Toronto's Gay Pride Parade if you're a cop.Does 'diversity'include white males?Don't think so.John Ibbitson rails against 'old white guys' all the time.If someone was to rail against 'young Black men' or 'young Muslim men',how would that scenario go with Canada's mainstream press?
Judith Mowry, policy analyst with the city of Portland, said at a Eugene City Club meeting that a disproportionate percentage of the homeless are people of color. What I experienced last night at the Springfield City Council meeting qualifies as an example of white privilege.  White, housed people trying to push our marginalized homeless population to the outskirts of town with flimsy excuses like our history shows we did to people of color.  Of course this has nothing to do with safety since laws already exist that address obstructing traffic.  I have never personally witnessed panhandlers cause "dangerous traffic situations" or "safety hazards and delays" in a roadway or at busy intersections but it would interesting to document with video just how often and how long motorists are delayed because of these donations in public space. The people who complain about this should be ashamed of themselves. Again, privilege.
There are always exceptions to the rule.  I don't believe there are as many black and white issues as many people do. I also am not anti business. I just know that we became a great nation in part because we invented a bunch of stuff and fought for our place in the world. Now we are fighting each other and would rather prop up old business than make anything new.  Your side of this issue has been pushed by people who stand to lose a lot more than the scientific research labs combined and I'm not buying it.  Nor do I need to hurl insults to make my point. I don't know you but we definitely disagree on this issue. You pointing out a couple of bad actors doesn't prove anything one way or the other. We still can't breath CO2 so we should probably figure out what we're going do with all of it at some point. Can you agree on that?
The FBI statistics you're referring to point out that whites and blacks both mostly kill each other.  The numbers show that out of 3005 white murder victims, 2509 of them were killed by other white people and of 2491 black victims, 2245 of them were killed by other black people.  Now, it's well known that these figures merely mean that those who were identified as the perpetrators were merely convicted, not that they actually did anything - because our justice system is severely skewed against poor people.  But still, take those figures and apply some logic.  Most black on black murders occur in the big cities (think Chicago) and are gang or drug related.  Some say 80% or more of homicides by firearm (I hate the term "gun deaths") are gang-related, and it's well known but not well publicized that blacks and Latinos are the ones being killed by gangs in Chicago and LA.  So take gangs and economics out of the equation and homicide numbers look much more uniform across racial groups.
It doesn't matter if you're black or white in the judicial system....it's how much green you have.
Anecdotal evidence does not a reality make. You want to really talk race relations? Can we address the fact, that over 75% of black families have no father in their house? Do we address the fact, that a black minority individual is more likely shot a black minority individual than a white majority individual? Do you want to continue talking about symptoms, or address some of these core problems?  What are you really AWARE of?
Jews, homosexuals, blacks, and other minorities are not treated humanely and equitably by the government of Palestine. https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/middle-east-and-north-africa/palestine-state-of/report-palestine-state-of/  If Palestine were declared an independent state today, it would be every bit as much of an apartheid state as Israel.  Likewise, the Arab League is made up almost entirely of apartheid states.
Wasn't it originally reported that one of the 'men' was a 6' tall Black Man? WHO was that? Was it one of these charming individuals? If it was, why was it not reported as such?
So, Muslims are not "our people"? Let's say the number of Black violence equals that of Muslims; do they then become NOT "our people? When white violence, does; do they then become NOT "our people"? I believe it's spelled: "Habeas"
Trump ran on a campaign of racial fear and white privilege.  He told African-Americans what he thinks of them when he named Jeff sessions his attorney general.
sky  I hardly see Harper as a defender of feminism. What do you think his stand is on abortion? It was a coded anti-Muslim strategy. After all, he could have gone against all head covering for women, which would have included the Amish, Hutterites and so on.  And why stop only Mexican rapists? What about all rapists? After all, British, French, German and other rapists also enter the US. The idea of protecting one's womenfolk from rape is one of the oldest ways to get a native population riled up. It is one of the reasons that rape was a capital offence in the US. It was meant to be employed against black men who raped white women. It was never meant to be enforced in reversed circumstances.  Trump was the leader of the birther movement against Obama. Do you think that was a genuine question about Obama's birth (with an American mother, Obama was automatically a US citizen). Or do you think Obama's skin colour had something to do with it? After all, Trump's mother was not American
I forgot to mention yesterday...  About the permits. You don't need a permit to protest. It's smart, but not required. Besides, we've all seen what having a permit to protest gets ya. A face full of pepper spray. CS grenades, clubbed and forced out of the area you had a permit occupy. Permits usually are for things like "Can we bring 1000 torches?" Requests for protection etc. Regardless, the cops are notified well in advance.  Not having a permit was how they arrested blacks in the south. Make up a law, selectively enforce it if by some miracle, the clerk granted them a permit at all.
Liberals can't seem to  find a "happy white guy".  The last one was Bill Clinton  who was  was married to an "angry white woman" who was beaten by a  very rich "happy white guy"  If liberals can ever find another "happy white guy" or "happy black guy" they might win an election again. It looks like they are gonna stay pretty angry for awhile though.  And  "angry" doesn't win elections.
This is nothing new.     Democrats have talked down to their voters for years..telling them that life is too tough for them, details are too complicated for their little brains to handle, they can't survive without the multi-layered overlapping government that has now put us 20 trillion in debt.  For the most part, these people are quite smart, quite able to sense that they're being pandered by Pelosi/Schumer/Obama crowd...but they're too busy living life.  Many however have become permanent wards of the state..and will likely never stop voting for the dems.  Remember that racist statement by LBJ about blacks?  "for the next 200 years..".   And that someone would bother saying that they don't care for my tone is just more evidence that they rather prefer to be associated with the very condescension that I was talking about!  They can longer self-examine.
I admire the G&M's diligence in criticising Kelly Leitch, her tweets and her stand in favour of Canadian values. Perhaps it was appropriate tweet but it was just a tweet and it made the news, clearly because it is not conforming with the G&M's politically correct agenda of not saying anything negative about identifiable groups. Obviously we don't want to talk about touchy issues, not only violence against women, but also things like bigamy, female circumcision,  child brides etc. In Scarborough a woman wearing full face covering and a black burka, pulls a knife, threatens to stab those around her while shouting pro-ISIS slogans: this event never makes the news in the G&M. The story gets totally buried by the G&M and the media, hardly anyone hears about it and you know why? It is not politically correct to report this kind of things, they don't fit the G&M's progressive, inclusive and diversified views that our Liberal Government is so proud of.  Damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead!
If you are truly worried about that, get a few of your buddies to buy stations.   Right now, what you hear from most news stations and the entertainment industry is all leftist drivel and you rarely hear the full truth.   Would you prefer black racists in control of all of the news?
Today I saw a news story about African-American women protesting in front of a statue in New York. The statue is of Dr. J. Marion Sims, who was a gynecological surgeon before the US Civil War. Sims made great advances in the field of surgery and gynecology, but he did so at the expense of black female slaves, who he operated on without consent or anesthesia. The protesters in front of his statue wanted it removed. To illustrate their point, they had splashed their robes with red paint to symbolize the blood spilled by Sims' black victims. It was a very moving and instructive scene. Most people would've walked by the statue without knowing the history or giving it a second thought. Exactly as they would if the statue wasn't there.  Which is more instructive: a statue that's no longer there, or people in front of it explaining how it represents an injustice?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African-American_family_structure#/media/File:Nonmarital_Birth_Rates_in_the_United_States,_1940-2014.png  The % of black children born out of wedlock has gone from less than 20% in 1940 to over 70% today.  That is the major cause of problems for that community. Not old statues or Donald Trump.
"The Democrats problem is lack of new blood." . If only the Democrats could come up with somebody younger - maybe 55 - 60, from the Midwest, with youthful vigor.  Athletic.  Tech savvy.  Articulate.  Maybe black or partly black.  Really smart. Great communicator. . . . The 22nd Amendment was a really bad idea.
The 20-50MM illegal immigrant Hispanic Roman Catholics in Our Country are taught by the Roman Catholic Church that America was stolen from their ancestors by Black and White Protestants and Evangelicals.  Having turned Latin America into wall-to-wall brothels and slums through priestly molestation, the satanic stratagem of the pedo homo "real Anti-Christ" "engine for enslaving mankind" - identified by our Founder and Prophet, Mr. Jefferson (viz. to Samuel Kercheval, 19jan10) we Black and White "whigs" came here in express covenant with God to escape - by politically and logistically supporting an organized army of pawns of conformed Hispanic Roman Catholics, for invasion and conquest of God's actual prophesied "Promised Land," America, is available for every Patriot eye to see: "National Pastoral Plan for Hispanic Ministry," (Publication/Office of Publishing and Promotion Services, U.S. Catholic Conference, No. 199-7) - June, 1988.
"According to another Soldotna homesteader, Irene Gervis, Lovelyn was denied admission by the principal, Charley Griffin, who would not allow her to attend school because she was black."  So was Irene Gervis' allegation right or wrong? If a black child was denied admission to the school that would of course be reprehensible ... but did that actually happen? If it did, why not just say so instead of sourcing it to Irene Gervis? It it isn't clear whether it happened, why write this piece?
I am just not sure if the 4-6% figure is really that important. Elections matter and most Americans don't vote. Any group that has the words "lives matter" should probably be given wide latitude by pro-life members of our society. Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, Donald Trump's, Colin Kaepernick, Martin Luther King's and all black, brown, white, and green lives matter. I'm not sure what the President doesn't get about that.
They used to be 85 percent white at one point. I mean, black people weren't even allowed to play with whites till the 1950s, in the American South.
We don't call "anyone" racist Lars...just people who support racist laws (voter ID, repeal of DACA), spread racist false equivalencies ("Black Lives Matter is no different from the KKK") and racist politicians like Trump who equate violent  neo nazis with people peacefully protesting their hatred. Just admit your racism and own up to it. I'd have a lot more respect for you if you did that instead of hiding behind dog whistles and getting all butt hurt when someone finally calls you out for what you are.
When I asked in the Asian community the reason for their success, the Asian answer was that no one cared about Asians; Asians had to make it on their own, or they would not make it, i.e., no one had any use for Asians.  Blacks have always had important roles in the United States; roles by which Blacks were exploited for the advantage of others.  The current penal system comes to mind, whereby others get paid to supervise Blacks . . . all the while it would be less expensive to offer meaningful education to Blacks, thereby keeping Blacks out of the prison system.  The community college system was established to offer Blacks an educational alternative to prison.  In other words, community colleges are designed to offer an alternative to rioting and tearing up the community . . . and to siphon off those talented enough to riot . . . yes, it takes talent to get a riot going . . . as anyone will admit whoever tried to get a riot going.  Peace.  :)
Very well said GIP. What is the point of this class, to discourage kids of colour from trying to succeed? There is a long list of brilliant scientists, mathematicians and astronomers from non-European countries this teacher might do better by identifying and reviewing their accomplishments than all of the successful white ones.
Hmmm. So, the guy was black? Didn't pick up on that. If he wasn't, I don't understand your comment. Even if he was, I don't understand your comment, because you are assuming that all those people who died that sparked protests from BLM deserved to be killed.
“Queer and trans people of colour actually started this.” He’s right. Shawn Ahmed ------ are members of Black Lives Matter ALL  Queer and trans people of colour ? - so even if granted "Queer and trans people of colour" started Pride that does not apply to Black Lives Matter, which is not a queer group Shawn Ahmed is wrong
I am sure most of the protesters had their advance plane tickets assuming Hillary would win, and Trump supporters have jobs and did not attend , and as if we didn't  know DC is a Democratic Stronghold, and Barak was the first Black President, so it does not surprise me at all there were more people, because quite frankly, I don't care.  And last but not least, why on earth is this important ? It changes nothing, Trump is the President and like it or not that is the way it is, it is not always the nicest person that gets the job done.
Why do only black people have to give up all but 100k of their salary? Do you give up the majority of your salary to support whatever cause(s) you believe in? Double standards. If you actually knew any black Americans you wouldn't be so quick to prescribe medicine you and other conservatives would never take yourselves.  Let me know as soon as Trump the selfless altruistic patriot stops charging the Secret Service (and we taxpayers) retail prices at his golf properties to rent golf carts to protect his life.
So you think anyone who reads crime statistics would believe that blacks, merely because of their race, are predisposed to commit crimes?  Wouldn't that make the black race inferior to other races? What do we call people who believe that one race is inferior to another?
And you Art, instinctively rise to the defense of Nathan Bedford Forrest, the murderer of scores of blacks at Fort Pillow and the founder of the KKK.    Typical Republican?  I hope not.
Anyone who hates any group of people - hating gays would eliminate appreciation for the frescos of the Sistine Chapel and too many works of literature, art, and music to mention. Hating blacks would keep one from getting a needed blood transfusion. Hating Mexicans should mean forgoing nachos, marguerites, chocolate and chewing gum.  Look anywhere and there are valuable contributions by every race, religion, etc.
Correction, 1/2 black.
Lets see- my great, great grandpa got run over by that train sitting at the park strip. It brings back really bad memory's (of someone I never new) He toiled over 18hrs per day, 7 days per week given little food & got barely enough money to pay the company store for his meager rations from 2 weeks ago- Blacks, Irish, Chinese were all treated the same - it was terrible. It is only fitting that a large group of my fellow sufferers cut it to pcs and scatter it over the graves of those long forgotten.
Yes, I would put white supremacists and black supremacists in the same category, just like the Southern Poverty Law Center does.
Mr. Cachalia devotes a substantial part of his article to describing his grandfather's collaboration with Ghandi and presents it as battles fought "side by side with their African brethren".  Apart from this being patently false, I was simply pointing out the irony that these campaigns directly led to the first instances of differential, privileged treatment of Indians in SA. His wholesale dismissal of the idea of Indian privilege is based on disingenuous premises and the misleading context he provides. The 1996 census recorded that 95% of Indian households had access to waterborne sewerage connected to a municipal system, vs 33% for Black South Africans.  In Mr. Cachalia's view this was a result of Indian "prescience, fortitude and sacrifice".  Really?
All it takes is one spill, one pond blow out, one event for a disaster to occur. Mining, milling, and drilling are part of what makes the world go 'round. BUT, there has to be exceptions. So, lets say there is a disasterous event. Lots of  we're sorry, we're doing our best to cleanup and okay, jobs would be had in the clean up. I'm reminded of the woman I spoke with several years ago about the costs of coal...how coal is an environmental hazard, that black lung is a terrible terminal disease, that  the coal companies were most likely taking advantage of the locals by not keeping up on safety measures/checks, by cheating the sick ones out of wages, but THEY HAD JOBS, SO IT WAS ALL WORTH IT. Pebble will provide jobs to locals...and if those jobs came at the cost of potentially environmental harm, and possibly harm to some humans in the course of the usual accident or two, or three...PEOPLE WOULD HAVE JOBS, SO IT WILL BE WORTH IT.
Why is there so much crime in major US cities? Who has controlled these cities for decades? The KKK was the terrorist wing of the Democratic Party. Orval Faubus was the racist governor (Democrat) of Arkansas who blocked black students from entering Central High School. He was Bill Clinton's mentor. Hillary Clinton praised Senator Robert Bird (Democrat), who was a former Klansman in West Virginia.  Hillary called Bird her "mentor."
Charles since you like to focus on race, perhaps you can explain this little anomaly for us...  "Black women comprise only 6% of the population of America but account for 37% of all abortions. Black women are five times more likely to abort than white women.  69% of pregnancies among Blacks are unintended, while that number is 54% among Hispanics and 40%  among Whites.  Next topic:  The Black Homicide Rate in Chi-Town.
Sports are dominated by blacks, who are known for their behavioral problems. Should we be surprised that they would eventually do something like this? Management has not stopped them for fear of being label "racist." Without fan support, the money dries up. That is the only thing that will bring about change. One good thing has come of this. People are starting to look at all the taxpayer freebies that sports teams get. They never should have had them, so hopefully this will be what takes them away. The teams should stand on their own with just support from those who wish to watch them. No money from anyone else should go to them.
Find another venue. I'm not going to pay $200 to watch BLM play a game and kneel during my country's anthem. In fact, I'm not going to watch that for free on TV. And all of this arm linking and kneeling in unison is just lipstick on a pig. Blacks are shot by cops almost never compared to whites, but whites understand that when you resist arrest and go after the cop's gun or try to kill him some other way, you might get shot. Seems to me that blacks want to resist arrest and have no consequences at all. We're a country of laws, not of black thugs. Lastly, I'm a combat vet - I've seen people die in combat fighting for this country. Don't insult my flag and my country over some victimhood lies and expect me to watch you do it.
Good article.  Liked the breakdown of the voters. Before the election people of color knew that a vote for him was a vote for bigotry and racism.  White people that voted for him are racist and/or accept racism and bigotry.  They wish they could go back to the good ol days of feeling supreme and superior just because the color of their skin.  They want to be considered and treated better than, and get perks, all for being born a certain color.  They mad that people of color are just as smart, educated, driven, loving, successful etc.. as them.  They want inequality again. They want racial covenants to dictate neighborhoods again.  They want segregation of housing, schools, pools, hospitals, & restaurants again. They want employment discrimination again where only white men need apply. They want Jim Crow / Black Codes again. That is what MAGA means.
You're kind of a self-entitled, sanctimonious "activist" who values cat lives over public health and wildlife conservation.  Thanks to the efforts of people like you, one out of every three black children living in poverty in the US are now infected with the parasitic roundworm Toxocara catii, which causes blindness and developmental disability.  Perhaps "bioterrorist" would be a more apt description of what you do.
There are some justice in what you wrote. However, what happens back in the 1940s and 50s, have been totally been flushed down the toilet by modern historians who clearly acknowledge the contribution of black troops in building the Alaska Highway. This is not a new thing but relatively been going on for the past 25 years. Mistreatment of black troops during World War II go with the mistreatment of black people everywhere during that time period. Black troops building the Alaska Highway were NOT the only black troops treated unfairly. All black units suffered under the segregation known by many historians as "military Jim Crow". But we cannot change history but yet if we overhype the contribution of the black units, we only lessen other units. Today, nearly all history books regarding the Alaska Highway, acknowledge black units. All monuments along the way do the same or they don't just say "white people built this all by themselves" type of thing. Further honors is really unnecessary.
Stands to reason problems will be created where there are none. It serves as distractions to the real news - that exposes can happen with no consequence. We are weeks into #GuptaLeaks, with absolutely no police action.  Yes, the Fallists are by and large fascist, and their intolerance sank their ship - unfortunately, because they do have a point.   Intolerance however is not the precinct of just black fascists. A few days ago my son's friend was the victim of a rascist attack in Stellenbosch. The only difference between rascism and fascism is the 'r' and the 'f' - it wears exactly the same clothing otherwise.  Our society is floundering because of the repressed rage our government's actions are causing. All fingers point to Zuma...  Btw, Huffpost stifling debate? The pro-fallist Mail & Guardian and Daily Vox are much better contenders for that award.
PLEASE note that I posted  - during the heat of battle - NOT concerning consequential events. If he had been shot the whole matter would be a nothing. I have to laugh at the focus on legalities - the terrorists dont care, the ME dictators du jour dont care. We try to but the border between legal and illegal does become nebulous in any wartime combat scenario. How about civilian colateral damage .... or the use of Black Ops ... or the petro dollars avaibale in the ME to fund jihadists ... like 9 - 11 ...  The terrorists win when we get side tracked with internal quibbles. And believe me it is a complex subject with no simplistic black-white Conservative-Liberal solutions. Been there .....
I don't think all whites are racists, however, they all do benefit from white privilege. When ever I forget I'm black, some white person feels obligated to remind me. I have put up  with more than 6 decades of this nonsense. Do I have to be a saint to make the majority of white folks comfortable? That doesn't sound like equal rights under the law and in practice. I'm discussing facts and most white folks want to talk about their feelings, like I don't have any.
MLK is Martin Luther King who WAS a republican.  I think you are referring to MLK Jr.  I'm not claiming that there are no racists in the Republican party.  I'm sure there is a very small minority.  I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of the Democratic party always crying "Racist" when their own past is well known to have very strong ties to racism.  It's kind of like the pot calling the kettle black.
The discussion is not about the slums of N.Y., Boston, San Francisco, Denver.  This discussion has not been about Chinese poverty, or Irish poverty.  Thus far we've been talking specifically about black slaves.  More specifically, black slaves living in worst than ghetto situations in the ante bellum south.
Kinda like blocking a president for being democrat. Bet you thought I was going to say black
The Affordable Care Act was only a failure in the eyes of the CONservatives that could only see a black man serving our great nation from the White House.  I wish people like you have a pre-existing condition and crawl on your hands and knees reaching out for OBAMACARE.  Heh, heh, heh.
What is really sad is that BLMTO is a racist organization.  I am no Trudeau fan but not in a million years could I agree with anyone who called him a White Supremacist.  Also, if you read the reports on the Pride AGM, when someone who wasn't black tried to speak he was drowned out with screams of "White Privilege".   Anyone who gives BLMTO the time of day is supporting racism.  (and yes I know someone will flag me and this post will disappear, but the truth is the truth.)
Most people on the right believe in live and let live. We want to be left alone, and want to leave others alone as well. This changes as soon as someone tramples on my constitutional rights. We have a right to free speech. The only people who disagree are the radical left. They would have us all segregated again, or worse, genocided because of their white guilt. It's not that black lives don't matter, it's that white guilt matters more, so better hate yourselves and elevate minorities to virtue signal solidarity. So gross.
For any group of diverse humans striving to become one people, communication is key, and sometimes it takes us out of our comfort zone. Does that make it wrong? The Professor was trying to start a conversation about racial discrimination, and probably she should have been more sensitive to how her attempt would be viewed.  She does not deserve to have her life turned upside down.  Ms. Moultry seems to have missed the point of 'Black Like Me', which was to get the perspective of a Black while being treated like a Black, by both  blacks and whites.
----As Peggy A. Thoits puts it in her 2011 Social Psychology Quarterly article, “‘The mentally ill’ are believed to be unpredictable, irrational, dangerous, bizarre, incompetent, and unkempt, and these stereotypes have persisted and even strengthened from the 1950s to the present, along with a steady desire to keep social distance from such people, despite educational campaigns.  Once "the" mentally ill rears its head, any conclusion that follows is suspect. Try "the" Blacks to see the flaw in language.
"Love for country must spring from willing hearts and free minds, inspired by a fair administration of wise laws enacted by the peoples elected representatives within the bounds of express constitutional prohibitions". Are the people of color getting colorblind justice that is not racially motivated? If so, what is there to fear from the people who are not brown or black?
So look up the statistics of an officer being killed by a black man, if you want to go down that road. Give the statistics of black men killing other unarmed black men.   What have body cameras proven for the most part, that officers are doing it right.  Last I heard, minor violations have occurred but the major corruption you spout is not there.  Baltimore is a prime example, demanded that the police leave their community.  They do and murder shoots through the roof and they start screaming police are racist for not giving service.  The black community holds a stake in this, they want the police but don't want the public shaming of assisting the police.  So the police are forced to contact and identify, leading to confrontation that is a new norm.  Demand more from your own before placing the blame on others, the black community are the ones allowing gangs, drugs and weapons in their midst.  Eric Garner resisted, along with most others, a lawful contact and arrest.
Get over Canadian Clinton  cheerleaders.  Hillary Clinton and husband Bill are never going to be President and a shadow president, On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama will resume race hustling to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat plantation as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,
Black lives matter is not an expression of hate. its a movement opposed to the unnecessary killing of black men by police officers. We can honor both in this country and we used to before there was a president elect and a constituency giving voice to their fears and resentments. We are all the same color under the skin and you can see that in any operating room in the world. As a country founded on the principle that all men are created equal, we need to get back to that belief.
Funny you should say that.  Adolf Hitler was perhaps one of the first "animal rights activists".  In 1933 his government promulgated the most comprehensive animal protection laws ever seen in any western nation.  Medical research on animals was prohibited, and per Hitler's view unnecessary.  He had plenty of Jews and Gypsies on which to experiment.  Amazing how much the "animal welfare/animal rights/no-kill" extremists have in common with the Nazis.  Scratch any so-called "animal rights" extremist and a white supremacist pops out like pus from a boil.  Cat-fanatics hurled racial epithets and arson threats as a black family in August, GA for calling animal control to remove "colony" cats from their business property.  Priscilla Feral "Friends of Animals" reviled Native Alaskans for hunting seals, and whale advocate John Hargrove probably holds the record for the most 'N'-words in one drunken rant.  These twisted individuals care more about animals than about people.  Just like Hitler.
That's the beauty of the English language. Unlike Mr. Trump, there are nuances in most every point of view. Not everything has to be absolutely black or white.
Such BS.  I'm white.  I lived and had friends on Wygant street in the early 80s when I was a young teacher of immigrants.   I have a black adopted daughter and Goddaughter.   You are completely mis-informed.  Perhaps spend too much time with the 'new' white millinials that live on Wygant street now with their 'different' experiences?   I belong to the MAC club.  Less white than Division St. on a Saturday night.  My mother and grandmother lived on 32nd and Powell in a house my grandfather built. Starting in the twenties, and great friends with a black family next door.
The great tennis player, Arthur Ashe  (who was black) was once asked about some of the things that he learned most about all his exposure to the different countries his playing days took him to. His response was interesting. He said, no matter where you go in the world and no matter how homogeneous the people appear to be, they will always look for ways to create some kind of hierarchical strata. It's just human nature. Perhaps we're just all genetically predisposed to doing it.
Votes in Montana or Wyoming are not worthless. They should have the same worth as any other voter, but not more, as is the case under the electoral college system. Remember "All men are created equal"? And they still have greater value in the US senate.  In fact, the current system does allow election of presidents without broad support. Trump is a good example. He lost in the west coast states by about 40% to 60%. In Washington state Trump only got about 38% of the vote.  The polls on direct presidential election found that 70+% level of support among Republican, Democrats, Independents, Men, Women, Black, White, red stares, blue states, populous states, states with few people. It was that high across all demographic groups.
As this article notes terror attacks in London are not new with over 130 terrorist incidents in London perpetrated by Irish nationalists. Most of these took place as part of its 1975–1998 campaign during "the Troubles" in Northern Ireland beginning in 1970 and continuing up to 2001.  And the last British MP killed? Labour MP Jo Cox by a Neo-Nazi far-right white supremacist. That incident was the first killing of a sitting British MP since the death of Conservative MP Ian Gow, who was murdered in a Provisional Irish Republican Army terrorist attack in 1990.  Neo-Nazi David Copeland (aka the London Nail Bomber) bombed Black British, South Asian and LGBT populations on a 13-day campaign In April 1999 in the hope of triggering a UK race war - 3 died and more than 140 were injured in the attacks. His inspiration was The Turner Diaries, a novel referred to as the "bible of the racist right" by American white supremacist William Luther Pierce.  Terrorists are not limited to radical Islamists.
Perhaps it's time to address the black privilege in the NBA and the NFL?
The 2nd Amendment is a white privilege. How often can a black men showing an AR-15 argue with a white cop and live? That is a white privilege. I've seen white men do that and walk away with their lives. I've never seen a black man get away with that.
You confuse evidence with typing in all caps. In fact, your evidence amounts to just saying something and hoping that it is true. You provided no evidence, you just appear not to understand what the word analogy means.  An analogy means a similarity in some respects between things that are otherwise dissimilar, or a comparison based on such similarity.  If there is a a strong enough similarity between say Zille offending black voters, and Americans offending Jewish voters, for both saying we should bank on the technological benefits of our horrible past without defending it, the analogy is sound.   This despite the fact that antisemitism is the most common hate crime in America, that there is no realistic fear of reparations for colonialism from an international law perspective, and that being offended does not rely on the amount of people offended.
This was a case of first-degree murder. What a corrupt system. I can't believe that the defense got 12 jurors, including two blacks, to agree that this cop is not dirty. However, we all know that cops routinely get away with murder.   How does anyone know that a cop will not just open fire and start shooting based on some faux perception? It would seem that personal and public safety would require shooting the cops first or disarming/disbanding them. Certainly, Castile, if he were alive, would wish he shot the cop before the cop shot him.
Stick to the subject. It's not about donations of time or money. It's about your double standard. In your original comment you stated this:  "shouldn't the protesting players donate all but about $100,000 of their salaries to help with inner city, minority, unfair treatment area's instead?"  Von Miller's contract is for $114.5 MILLION. You're saying he should donate all but 100k of that? As if you come anywhere close to that with your donations. Or anybody does. Just stop. If you only knew any black Americans, you wouldn't be so flippant about this double standard you're levying against black American athletes. As Maya Angelou said, "when someone shows you who they are believe them; the first time."   You were crystal clear the first time. Physician heal thyself.
Now you're not making sense, what's golf got to do with this? When I talked about the murders of gays in Syria, which ISIS does there buckshot, I was saying that it is a bit far for his message that he was trying to convey but resteered the topic back to the fact that Muslim bakers do discriminate and you guys don't get all hurt over it. So why the double standard? The law is a grey area man, it  is not black and white as to who is wrong and who is right.
No isn't irrelevant. The issue is blacks are being shot more than whites. Based on the FBI's report individuals breaking the law are more apt to be shot than individuals not committing crimes. When you have 13% of the population committing over half of the murders in the country, odds are that 13% would and should be a focus point with our law enforcement agencies
Civil Society ignores that the Democrats, when they controlled the creating of electoral districts, made sure there were black majority districts which made no geographical sense.  Now the Liberals in Ontario are going to create First Nations majority constituencies.  Be interesting to see if there is any geographical continuity to them!
" Lyndon Johnson's presidency, reflecting the civil rights movement, was the culmination of the Progressive movement."   “The depth of Johnson’s prior opposition to civil-rights reform must be digested in some detail to be properly appreciated…In Congress, Johnson had consistently and repeatedly voted against legislation to protect black Americans from lynching. As a leader in the Senate, Johnson did his best to cripple the Civil Rights Act of 1957; not having votes sufficient to stop it, he managed to reduce it to an act of mere symbolism by excising the enforcement provisions before sending it to the desk of President Eisenhower.“ “These Negroes, they’re getting pretty uppity these days, and that’s a problem for us, since they’ve got something now they never had before: the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now we’ve got to do something about this — we’ve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.”  Lyndon Johnson
Point out where any of the protestors said that it's no big deal that the cops are black.  It's always, always, always about race with you, isn't it?
America is a colonial government, using its name to legitimize, invading and occupying other countries of brown and black skinned Natives, so pale skinned people could steal and coerce that countries resources and lands for profit. With propped up regimes meant to provide legitimacy for resource theft, to keep the Natives in line with violence and murder as the Natives resources were stolen, none of the profits ever went to the Native owners. America spends the trillions but get nothing in return. The profits go to the corporations who pay nothing, the dictators, and the politicians. American lives are spent acting as security guards for corporate holdings the corporations don't have to sacrifice theirs. And America gets the terrorist attacks the corporations don't. Racism against the minorities is meant to keep them in their place, to soothe the mindset of the thieves and murderers who use other races of people, for colonial theft and genocide. Christians... Are you going to heaven?
Jack:  I would hope you've studied the issue enough to know the "take a knee" is a specific protest of the police/black community relationship and concern over police brutality, including the deaths of Black men at the hand of police officers.  While we may disagree on whether that issue is valid or not, we shouldn't try to present the actions as "anti-military" or "anti-American".  They are NOT and the protesters have made that very clear.  Attempts to demonize those who are protesting, whether by President Trump or by posters on discussion sites, are counterproductive to civil discussion.  Gary Crum
"Maybe the BLM leadership voices condemnation for the violence and crime committed by individuals taking the BLM message to the extreme. If this WLM leadership were to voice a non-violent approach while the members committed crimes in the WLM name would they be removed from the “hate group list”?" If they are members of the group why would their designation change?  As it states in the article, many are blaming those people being violent that aren't a part of the BLM movement. But BLM gets the blame. I see White Lives Matter signs along with confederate flags, I see racism. I love how these same people tell black Americans to 'get over it' when it comes to slavery while at the same time, they continue to fight the civil war.
Not really - look at the picture - the man in the center doesn't look black.
What about writing something like this on your paper :  Ontario's students' weak results in mathematics risk turning the future of the Province into bust ? Or, a long lasting period of low prices for oil and gas will result into a bust in Alberta ? And the pressure on prices of those plus the potash will put at risk Saskatchewan ? And on and on. Would the statistics had showed that Québec economy was going down, I'm sure Konrad would have taken the opportunity to crush it. High level of negativity brings low level of vision, since everything is black ...
That disgusting language you are so offended by from me wasn't disgusting when you voted for the guy who actually did brag about grabbing strangers' p-- and who did brag about barging in on teenaged girls who are dressing/undressing. That disgusting segregationist racist behavior wasn't enough to keep you from voting for and still defending the guy who actually perpetrated the illegal anti-black racist segregationist acts. Save the pretense. Stop going all Scarlett O'Hara with the vapors with me when I'm just reminding you of the actual words and actual actions of the lecherous racist Trump University fraudster you actually voted for and continue to defend even after he states that some neo-Nazis are "good people" and retweets white supremacists.
"The reason no KKK member or neo- Nazi wouldn't have voted for Barack Obama had less to do with him being black and more to do with his pronouncement that he wanted to fundamentally change America"  You can't be serious, can you?  You are saying that a KKK member would vote for a black man?  A Nazi would vote for a black man?   Do you honestly believe that a KKK member would have voted for Obama, or for Ben Carson, for that matter?  How about a Nazi voting for Bernie Sanders?
Fall Kabib wrote: "Yeah big news ADN....so what is going on with the 4 black people who kidnapped and tortured the mentally handicapped white guy? You buried the article so far down I cannot find it now. Why did you do this?"  Actually the potential of a 4" rise in sea level is a big deal and very news worthy. Why do you think a local Chicago crime story is so important to us here in Alaska?
No, it was certainly NOT "LAX players were innocent until proven guilty."  But when the DA,  who is supposed to be trustworthy, tells the public within days of the incident that he's got all the evidence he needs, and feeds lots of race-tinged trash intended to enhance his election chances in the largely black and liberal city of Durham, NC, you can bet the press is going to print it.  Such stuff is not "fake news."  It's just third-rate, liberal journalism.
I knew she was black Gary.   She wasn't clueless.     The range of 'normal' or acceptable sexuality is a social construct, not a genetic one.   Of course each culture believes they have the 'right' behavior.     There are few nations in the world that have our cultural diversity.    It's a challenge.  We will never get agreement for any one national standard of morality.(no matter which party tries to legislate it).  Best hope is informed tolerance.    Mistakes will be made
They will find some way to restrict voting by Hispanics,blacks  and others where they dont expect to do well. , It is the same sort of thing as the baloney served up by the Harper Government with Pierre Poilievres "Fair Elections Act". Fortunately that anti democratic ploy backfired here, lets see what happens south of the border.
what's  being  ignored  is  black  violence,  towards  police  officers  and whites. While  that  continues  I'll  ignore  their   false  narrative.  Started  with  over  fed  thug  Brown in Ferguson   who  was  guilty  as  sin.  Abetted  by LBB Barry.
Mike, I agreed with what you just wrote. However, both of us knows that prison population of the United States is NOT made up 12% black. We can debate if blacks are more prone to criminal activity then other ethnic group at another time but we both must admit that they are way over represented in that sort of activity. That is reflective in why more blacks are shot by police then their population ratio.  (I am a retired correctional officer and in my times, when Anchorage population had 10% black but yet filled 35-50% of the beds in my housing unit, I remain bit baffled statistically. And please, don't say its due to a racist legal system.)
Maybe just maybe someone can start talking about a system that is fundamentally rigged.  You know the one where 1% own 83% of the stocks. It will be hard for people to digest and understand intellectually (forget about con voters altogether as they prefer the simple black and white) but it would be a refreshing change.
So by your theory I can only assume you believe BLM would be black supremacists? If I'm black and announce BLM I'm not a supremacist but if I'm white and said white lives matter I am a supremacist?  I'm trying to wrap my brain around whatever hypocritical logic you lefties use. I just can't do it. I unfortunately do not have weeks to protest this as I have a company to run, taxes to pay, and a family to feed so on with my life.
You're quite right, person of Middle Eastern "appearance" or Muslim religion are being profiled....as are Latinos.  Black Lives Matter was formed in the Black community in reaction to police killings of Black citizens.  It's not surprising that it focuses on the Black community.  I don't "ignore" what has happened to other minories....not hardly.  However, I certainly understand why Black communities concentrate on police/citizen violence in Black communities.  Gary Crum
You must wonder why blacks eventually relinquished their hold on white slaves. I've heard that's why the Civil War was fought, because southern blacks were using whites to make cotton king.
Could it be because black troops received unequal treatment.  Could the much larger sacrifice they made be pet of it?  Before reading this artcle, were yo even aware black troops worked on the hihway?
The altra-left wants these statues remove as a means to eliminate the History of the country. To them America is unjust, immoral, racist, bigoted, sexist, and homophobic, but the History doesn't paint that picture. The country fought a war to abolish slavery, a racist country wouldn't do that. And would a racist country elect a black man twice a President, Obama's eight year will have to be removed. White men help women get the right to vote, white men allowed a women to run for the highest office in the land, a sexist country won't do that. Hillary's run will have to be removed. Same sex couples can marry, how many downtown parts of any city in the country was burned and looted after the Supreme Courts decision? The bigotry,"intolerance towards those who hold different opinion to ones self", in American, is on the left. No cities was burned or looted after the gay marriage decision. Can't say that after last years election. Extreme behavior is on BOTH SIDES. Trump's correct.
Pastoral theology 101 - thank you    Now, MSW, allow to para-phrase and adopt this approach to another pastoral theological issue - abortion. a) Coccopalmiero - "......repeated affirmation of the firm resolve to remain faithful to the Church's teaching on abortion and the family...." b) Francis -  "The Church possesses a solid body of reflection concerning mitigating factors and situations. Hence it can no longer simply be said that all those facing an abortion situation are living in a state of mortal sin and are deprived of sanctifying grace."   MSW - suggest that the failure of too many of the so-called catholic pro-birth groups is that they adopt a black and white, either or, good evil approach.  They fail to address basic human dignity; to start with the folks involved; impact on families, etc.    To add:  ".."respect the ontology of the person" which entails those parts of our personhood we share as human beings in common with each other, and those parts which are unique..."
Another fine example of how the cultural-Marxists/Social Justice Warriors label anyone they don't agree with as "racist".  It's the modern day cudgel to beat anyone challenging their "narrative"..    Not sure of what race those involved were.  However, if this were a "white" crime spree against minorities it would have likely made national headlines.  The fact FBI crime databases show "whites" are statistically over 20x more likely to be the victim of "blacks" than visa-versa, and goes virtually unmentioned, certainly lends credence  to some sort of PC "agenda".    I judge folks by character and work ethic.  Businesses who discriminate aren't very "business-like"..it's simply bad business which doesn't improve the bottom line.  Ever notice the majority of race-baiting, anti-free speech, campus violence is almost exclusively taking place at liberal arts colleges and universities..... NOT at business, science & engineering schools?  Think about it..."rationally".
BLM didn't make any friends in the gay community when they pulled that stunt last year. But lets's not forget that policies like "carding", which  had a disproportionately negative affect on the black community, existed here until very recently.  I think Pride struck the correct balance. This year they conceded to BLM. Next year is a different year.
About 1/4 Republicans agree that this bill is worse than Obamacare. Fifty-six percent of the public prefers Obamacare, and those who strongly prefer Obamacare outnumber those who prefer the GOP bill by a 2/1 margin.   The GOP is thrashing around trying anything to lavis a huge tax cut on billionaires. And to appease the party faithful that hates anything done by a black president.
Wait a minute, is this the same Bill Hooper who earlier said I voted for Obama because of the color of his skin?? Oh no, race doesn't matter to you. Never entered your mind. Who you trying to kid?  You believe in "free" speech? Good for you. So do I. But you also seem to believe in "lying" speech (as per your earlier post about Obama calling for the murder of police). And that statement (lie) wasn't influenced a bit by the fact that Obama is a black man, was it?  Who you trying to kid?  Don't back the Nazis? Oh, sorry. My apology. I must have been confused by the language and tone of some of your earlier posts. Or is it just the word "Nazi" that upsets you but not their ideology? If it walks like a duck . . .
Kennedy's speech was a wink-wink that he would not take orders from the Vatican over ending segregation.  He, John F. Kennedy, had no problem with Jim Crow and would not impose Catholic teachings on racial equality on white Southern Baptists who did not want the Negro as their equal.  Quite a kick the truth is, huh ?
Thank you Rodney Diverticulitis and the rest of BLM for showing us once again who the real racists and bigots are.   Thankfully you do not speak for all black and/or gay people, not even close.  Pride -- either take your event back or cut it loose to sink with the pirates on board.  We don't need BLM's brand of hatred and segregation in our community.
The new editor thinks click-bait deserves front page coverage.  An estimated 16 million people—12 percent of all voters—encountered at least one problem voting in 2016.   There were more than 1 million lost votes because people ran into things like ID laws, long lines at the polls, and difficulty registering.   Trump won the election by a total of 78,000 votes in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.   From the passage of the Voting Rights Act in 1965 to the election of our first black president in 2008, the United States saw a gradual increase in voting access.   Twenty-two states have adopted new voting restrictions since then, more than half of which first went into effect in 2016   The 2016 election was the first presidential contest in more than 50 years without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act.  The 2016 election was undeniably helped along by Republican efforts to gut the Voting Rights Act and suppress the vote.  A crime we should never allow to happen again.
Jonah Goldberg needs to remember that being a Jew, his white privilege card is only conditional. I wonder how he would feel about these symbols if they included postcards of Jews hanging from trees that were lynched for looking at white women. The postcards would picture a crowd of smiling white people looking up at the hanging Jew. That did happen about 100 years ago. Would he like to see those cards on sale in Times Square? Would he enjoy showing his relatives how proud he is of the freedoms we have to honor white murderers in America? After all, lynchings are just a cherished part of white heritage and history.  Is he proud to know that white people lynched more than just black people? Back then lynching was considered family entertainment for white people. White people had picnics with their kids under the "strange fruit". Some of those post cards still survive.  That is the America that angry, resentful, white people want back. There has never been a Golden Age of justice for all.
You might be right!  But as a minority a different calculus is at work for me.  I would've been happy to pay another $231 in health insurance and not have to worry about living in a nation in which the chief executive is not racist who is fine associating with white supremacists who see America as "the white race's promised land" and want to "curb stomp" all black people, "castrate" all Mexicans and "decapitate" all Muslims. Unfortunately tho, that's almost certainly what will happen in January.  In such an environment it behooves minorities and their allies to consider all measures to protect the safety of people of color from the powerful forces that Trump and co will be able to unleash once he assumes office, measures that include the possibility of exiting the U.S. and forming an independent nation.
Racist, can you back that up ? Have you ever heard Hitlery talk to a black audience ?  that is " racism".  Or Hussein Obama's comment  about his grandma as a " typical white person", now that is racist.
Soon blood will spill in our streets. In its 2015 annual report, published in February 2016, the Southern Poverty Law Center, SPLC, counted 892 active hate groups in the U.S., an increase from the previous year. Of these, 190 were KKK groups, 94 were neo-Nazi groups, 85 were white nationalist groups, 95 were racist skinhead groups, 19 were Christian Identity groups, 35 were neo-Confederate groups, 180 were black separatist groups, and 184 were classified as "general hate groups" (subdivided into anti-LGBT, anti-Immigrant, Holocaust denial, racist music, and radical traditionalist Catholic groups, with an additional "other" sub-category)).[11]
You can deny it all you want, but you're purposely omitting hispanics, because it proves you wrong.   You've been proven wrong by FBI table 6. By table 3. You've been repeatedly called on your cherry picking, yet refuse to admit it. Face it. Whites commit more murders than black people. Why won't you admit it?
I was born Canadian, over 70 years ago, and my family has been here for generations, and I can honestly say that with the exception of the period beginning with Harper, I have never, ever seen an incidence of racism in Canada, in my life, from either white people or people of colour. When I was going to school and growing up we took pride in the fact that no matter who you were, where you were from, you deserved respect and the opportunity that everyone else had. That more than anything has kept us free from the kind of idiocy and violence that regularly occurs in the US. The answer to these white supremacist groups is simple. If you want violence, bloodshed and all the rest of the things that go along with a state that covets racism, then GO TO THE US AND STAY THERE.
Funny how everyone including ADN jumps on this guy for being white when he clearly said "all races" which yes would also include "white". What about the Asian, Latino or the Alaskan native who worked on the Alaska highway? This is Alaska let's not bring the lower 48 attitude here. Just because "white Rep Eastman disagrees with "black" Sen Wilson's bill doesn't make it or him racist.
You say you understand it, but you really do not. It is weird. The people did not want an endorsement of their event, they wanted a wedding cake. There is a difference. The baker offers services to heterosexuals that he does not offer to homosexuals. That is literally discrimination. This is really tough for you to grasp, I get it.  "You are welcome to buy anything in the store, but I refuse to offer you the same services that I offer a different protected class, heterosexuals."  It is a fact that the baker discriminated.  It is not a debatebale matter of opinion, it is a dictionary definition if discrimination, which is against Colorado law.  Replace "gay wedding" and "heterosexual wedding" for black and hispanic. Is it still not discrimination? You still have not shown me where it says in the Constitution thst discrimination is protected.
I think the Minister is paranoid in the extreme.  I can't say I blame him for thinking that whites have a racist agenda given our history but the reality is that it is in the interests of everybody that SA is successful. Success does not mean taking away from the whites and giving it to the blacks ..what it means is ensuring that the wealth and expertise that is available in the country is used to make the cake much bigger for everybody, not to make it smaller and then  try and redistribute  it.   Money flows to where it is used best ..if  he carries on chasing away investment because of historical issues, the country will suffer.  South Africans of all races  who have wealth to invest will take it elsewhere.  He will say that he doesn't care if they do but the country will suffer.  (even the Guptas seem intent on moving their apparently illgotten money out of SA! If it was more attractive to keep it in SA they would have invested here!)
My mom had a similar experience at a young age, having made a dear friend in school who her mother took her away from and wouldn't allow them to play together again.  30s - 40s Midwestern values borne of ignorance and passed on through succeeding generations until the 60s when I had the same experience in jr. high school.  I was the only friend this boy had, being as he was the only black teenager in the school at that point, which was just a couple years removed from the Watts riots.  Teachers manifested their fear of him by talking down to him and treating him like a criminal, even when he didn't attend their classes.  It was a reaction I didn't understand but my friend certainly did, and thus was my education about racism and cultural bias.  We practice tribalism at our own peril.  Either we stand for liberty and justice for ALL, or we don't.  Which will it be?
Kind of like when they filmed 7 years a slave or Dances with wolves? Or I know lol a black man would have starred in "Wolf of Wall Street?" Heck under your logic we should cast the role of George Washington as Lou Diamond or hahaha.. what?
But Jimmy, you didn't answer:  what makes you think disrespect is being shown for the American flag? I think if you bothered to really look at the motivations of these people you will actually find a respect for it by standing up for the rights of all citizens and not just whites. Have you noticed any difference in the discussion of this latest shooter and the various shootings involving cops? Notice this shooter was white but most of these protests involve the sensless killings of young blacks by cops? How is having a police state respecting the flag?  You can stand at attention all you want, but you are not honoring the flag when you ignore people being killed by cops.   Just be careful when you go to the mainland Jimmy, you may be mistaken for a mexican.   :-)
Who knows what the secret service thinks, they seem to bee very busy at a whorehouse as of late. Madame Clinton is their Hero, just like Obama, when they flew to the whorehouse in South America, on the taxpayers dime. Support you local whorehouse party, brought to the White House with that first Black President, Bill Clinton.
"Black and white thinkers will reject the truth of what I said". Uh, actually, 1900 years of Magisterial teaching will "reject" your relativism re the "development of doctrine" and some banal, rationalist notion of "discernment".
"Coloured" describes brown-skinned people. So why not just say "brown" like "white" and "black"? All races have some colour pigmentation, except perhaps Albinos, so "coloured" includes all races. People from, say, the Mediterranean are olive complected, ie "coloured", but they're called "white".  In South Africa, coloured is a political but inaccurate term to describe brown and people of mixed race. (In America it was eschewed for "African American", an American curiosity where people are fixated on where their ancestors originated, eg Irish-American, Italian-American, etc rather than simply "American".) People classified coloured are as fair as whites, olive as some Greeks or dark as blacks and everything in between. "Mixed-race" is not accurate either, except for first generation children of mixed-race parents but at a pinch it will do because that's how it started. Note in SA today the races are still mixing, so one day the majority of the population may be mixed race.
Yes, minimum wage has been such a detriment to the black family.
Another example of a person who views the world in black and white.
You should really take a look at the NY and Boston slums and the state of the average family farm in the south before you claim that housing for slaves was so terrible.  The fact is housing in general was atrocious.  Your average current day A Frame shed is better constructed and more livable than most of the houses available at the time. We like to compare current homes to the biggest mansions of yesteryear as if the majority of people lived in that sort of house when only the richest of the rich lived in those sorts of houses.   Blacks and whites alike were hung for a vast array of things.  Whats your point.  Hanging was a much more common sentence then than today.
I read enough books on the building of the Alaska Highway and I have known about the black contribution to the highway since the 1970s, Gigi. People who "assumed that ALCAN project was "all white" are people just ignorant in history. And history is a subject many people may read about, but don't study. American history has been twisted around so much that I am not surprise how ignorant most Americans are about their own nation's history. This type of honoring from Juneau is a very reflective of such ignorance.  You forget that Japanese Americans were separated from the whites during World War II. Only the small numbers of MIS like my dad were actually place in all white unit in the Pacific.
I acquired a limited taste for Clarence Page when he was on the McLaughlin Group, but he shows his general lack of understanding of human nature here.  First, both sides at many of these gatherings are violent and that should be roundly condemned. Encouraging Antifa by attacking those they oppose isn't going to make Antifa go away. Bullies don't back down when they're encouraged to go on bullying. The only proper way to handle situations where neo-Nazis and Antifa go head to head is to denounce BOTH of them for their violence.  The citizen journalist deserves some kudos, but he needs to be even handed in his coverage. It's not "we can ignore the violence of this side because they have the right ideas." No, we can't! Both sides are wrong and both sides need to be condemned.  When whites or conservatives are violent toward blacks or leftist extremists like Antifa, they should also be condemned. They are playing into Antifa's agenda of.suspension of essential liberties.
"His was a great mind and a great vision. The isolation he experienced, forced by the U.S. and by his rejection of capitalism, perhaps drove him a little mad. He did some cruel things. But don't we all."  Yes, it's all "grey", isn't it, not "black and white" Perhaps he was exercising his conscience and, although his acts, by any measure, were objectively evil, he was culpably free of personal guilt because he did the best he could. It was all America's fault, after all.   The killings and disappearances of thousands of Cubans; no free elections; many Cubans in abject poverty; the abortion rate the world’s second highest, making Cuba’s rapidly aging population worse; and homosexuals are sent to concentration camps.   Yep, Castro did some wicked things and, sure, we all do. Ultimately, God will judge him, but don't romanticise the murdering tyrant.
The University's procedures  ...from team discipline, to Athletic Department/NCAA discipline to Student Conduct Code disciplinary action, all incorporate Due Process provisions, including mechanisms for appeal.    To be sure, the Court may determine a) those due process procedures were not followed or b) the due process procedures did not adequate protect the young men's Constitutional rights or legal rights (title 9).  Or, of course, the Court may find that the procedures followed met the standards of the laws and the Constitution.  We could spend hours debating the issue, but, in the end, the Court will make the decision.   You repeatedly mention the "lack of due process" and "bias against males, especially Black males."  as well as "the rush to judgment sans due process that the young men were subjected to."  These are the issues the Court will address.  At this point, those are "allegations" made by Artis and Dotson in their lawsuit.
Russia is not the Soviet Union - the Soviet Union included Ukraine - whose people by the way were complicit in aiding the Nazis in their genocidal acts  Reality bites - that is why black and white portraits like the kind you defend say more about your political agenda than your love of the  truth
Lets face it the majority of so called Christian believers in North America have one foot in the church and one foot in the world of reality.  It's almost like they are playing it safe "just in case" it turns out to be real but their education tells them they should know better.  Christian Churches are closing up shop faster than black smith shops did upon the invent of the automobile.   Only about 20% attend church at any time other than Easter and Christmas. Some what iffy believers.
Really pisses you off  that a classy black man served eight years in the White House and he happen  to  be a Democrat.  Yuk, yuk, yuk.
The NBPP is a rotten extremist  outfit but they number in the low thousands, at most, while 17.8 million black voters turned out  in 2012, mostly as Democrats, yes. Are you making some kind of generalization about Democrats, black people, and the NBPP ?  The NBPP is NOT looked upon favorably by the majority of black Americans, nor by Democrats . What are you saying here?
Proff Turok, have you not yet realised the real issue behind Zuma and his ANC cronies ? Is not as plain as a giraffe in the desert ? This is all a racial thing. Most whites of this country want to stop corruption and political anarchy, so most black people will stand up for Zuma and protect him, regardless if this leads to South Africa becoming a second Zimbabwe. Just another begging basket in Africa !!!!! Indeed, CRY, THE BELOVED COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!
Nope, not at all because once again (look at how people reply to your comments) you are usual, WRONG. I was hopeful and voted for him the first time but after the first six months I realized I had made a huge mistake.The second time I was not pissed at all but so embarrassed for America when the loser won again.  What does it matter, racist, if he is a black man? I do know by your comments you are completely devastated by your huge loos to Trump Yuk,Yuk Yuk Woot ,wooot. The whining never ends and remember you have no credability as to your comment of moving if you lost.....you lost buttercup and you are still here.......yukayuka woot wooot
The "policies and procedures" amount to Apartheid- uppity colored people are not allowed to touch Lilly white Oregon women, even if consensual. The message is - "if you're not white, avoid Oregon". This state hasn't changed much since the Shoshone-Bannock wars, the Chinese and black prohibitions enacted in the late 1800's. Those statutes are likely still on the books, too.
There are plenty of people that they have done the crimes you mentioned, almost all are nameless as the media refuse to cover the individuals.   They tend to take their fury out on large groups.   Through the riots they support, who knows the exact body count.   Plus there is the extortion they pull.  Submit to our will or we will start a riot or other action. I can say the same to you about your life.   While I have no doubt you have met some bad whites, you ultimately control your own life.   You are wrong about the organized black groups.  While most are harmless, there are violent blacks also and those would rather shoot me than look at me.  Hate is hate.  There is no such thing as a lesser sin or evil.
Saying that blacks commit more crimes is a gross oversimplification of an incredibly complicated problem.  It is very myopic to say that because blacks are convicted of more crimes it necessarily follows that they commit more crimes.
Have you considered, metlmayden, that by your logic caucasians should perhaps focus their attention on the urban-rural mortality gap among white Americans rather than on Kaepernick's protest of racism in the American criminal justice system? I personally do not subscribe to your logic and find myself concerned like Kaepernick about racism as well as poverty in this country. In rural and small town white America, for example, social problems including opioid abuse, heavy drinking, smoking and other self-destructive behaviors have caused the death rate among whites to increase while it declines for other racialized groups and among urban dwellers. Although the death rates is declining among non-whites, they continue to be much higher than the overall death rate for whites. All of the problems you mention about "black culture" (a misnomer as there is no single "black culture" in the US) could be altered ever so slightly to apply to rural "white culture."
Next thing your know? Black people will want separate bathrooms from white people.  Guess who will get blamed for that too?
There is no place along the Alaska Highway, there are no books on the Alaska Highway,,,,that speaks of "white only troops" built the highway. All the books I read about the Alaska Highway speaks of both whites and blacks units and their joint accomplishments. All the monuments along the highway, do not speak of just white units, but all units and all of them are non-racial in nature. So tell us why honoring just one color make things right?? Will you be open to honoring a day for Japanese Americans who were mistreated in Alaska during World War II?? And how about injustice done upon Alaska natives? Give them a day as well? We can do this all day until all 365 days of the year are use up!!!
As you know housing discrimination is illegal.  You are comfortable that Trump knowingly risked his bottom line to discriminate.  With as many real estate interests as he has, I wonder if he was even aware of individual brokers' actions.  The story about making blacks leave the floor of a casino is so egregious and illegal that I do not believe that it happened or if it did that Trump was behind it.  Blatant racial discrimination is illegal in many of its instances and lawyers are hungry to sue and share in the large settlements discrimination generally produces.  I would really like to hear media members openly and neutrally question Trump about his gender and racial beliefs.  As it stands, the anecdotal evidence strikes me as simple political manipulation intended to discredit the man based on stereotypes and unsubstantiated inferences.
“White people make up roughly 62 percent of the U.S. population but only about 49 percent of those who are killed by police officers. African Americans, however, account for 24 percent of those fatally shot and killed by the police despite being just 13 percent of the U.S. population. As The Post noted in a new analysis published last week, that means black Americans are 2.5 times as likely as white Americans to be shot and killed by police officers.  U.S. police officers have shot and killed the exact same number of unarmed white people as they have unarmed black people: 50 each. But because the white population is approximately five times larger than the black population, that means unarmed black Americans were five times as likely as unarmed white Americans to be shot and killed by a police officer…."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.00640c101530
I don't believe he's racist either... If anything I think 90% of Americans including myself are more "racist/vulgar" than HILL AN TRUMP COMBINED! I also think what he did for Jennifer Hudson after her family was murdered was a class act in a dire time of need. Trump showed compassion and remorse for her in a very troubling and disturbing time in her life. I also don't see how a woman whose idea of a Halloween costume as "black-face" could not be taken as an insult to black people...
Black Lives Matter has copied the attitudes and tactics of the very people against whom they are protesting - not the police in general, but the worst among them. BLM does not see its own shadow.
Baloney, there is no prejudice against Japanese. They have earned the respect and sympathy of the community through their behavior. The same cannot always be said of Muslims and Blacks - they have more black sheep among them.
This article makes gentrification seem cute and fun. As if the only hostility is coming from poor people slashing tires. I am an artist that lives just outside the junction where a new organic grocery store and L.A Fitness recently opened up.   I live in a space of ambiguity because I am a black artist and I think  my neighbours find it difficult to figure out my income bracket. I've been met with hostility on both sides. The difference is that the wealthy folks have the law on their side. I've seen white men openly smoking weed in my neighbourhood and folks turn a blind eye. Meanwhile the cops stake out the poor blacks outside of the Delta Bingo.
I've never understood why NCR takes the lazy, secularist path and generates so many "hyphenated" articles, with racial, sexist tones.   They seem bent on division, continuing to hold on to dated categories.  Intermarriage happens.    OUR PRESIDENT ISN'T BLACK. He's half black and half white.  He had a fully white mother!   But my pointing out this actual reality will be commented on as racist!!
Yes...So reliable and deep thinking even he had to resign from the Obama administration....  Between the 9/11 nonsense and the support for a convicted Black Panther cop murderer, he is rather a liability.  Of course, CNN, that bastion of non-partison news is still trying to repackage him....
Being black, ad having worked in a predominantly India area (Lenasia), I have no doubt that SOME Indians consider themselves better than blacks. Yet I have encountered the most gentle of all Indians in the same place, fewer but very genuine. I can remember a Mr Karolia and Mr Desai who were principals of schools in the area. They were the most gentle and respectful human beings i ever encountered despite their positions, which is why i still remember their names after more than 15 years od leaving the aea. Although seldom admitted, most Indias, like coloureds, have always and still do consider themselves to be better than black people and it is simply because the apartheid government made them believe that. by prioritising them aove blak people
As Prof. Quintard Taylor states, Deady "had a very complicated intellect that defies a simple summary", meaning a totally thorough and balanced view would  be difficult.  However, this Report  is a great start and a serious  contribution to Oregon's troubled racial history.  I'd just add a couple points pro and con Deady:  Con:---- Regarding slavery, "Despite his troubled conscience, he never once faced up to the fact that the institution itself was inherently evil."(Clark, journal editor). ----"The most effective champion of the pro-slavery forces ....was the associate justice from the southern district Mathew P. Deady."  (Hendrickson, Joe Lane of Oregon)  Pro: ----In a major omission the Report fails to note Deady's support for feminist Abigail Scott Duniway, and  admission of lawyer  Mary Leonard to  practice in the Federal Courts . ----While the Report  mentions one of his bailiffs, Butler, it doesn't note his other bailiff who was also black, the  well-liked James Fullilove.
The inaugual speech was almost identical to Hitler's decrying the wreckage of Germany after WWI.  Trump falsely claimed this nation is similarly destroyed and needs a new Fuhrer to climb out of the wreckage.  Hitler's claim was true of a nation in complete economic chaos.  Trump's regurgitation demonstrates his fealty to the policies and artifices of Mein Kampf to gain control of a nation.  So far, so good.  Now all he has to do is unleash the military, border patrol, and law enforcement on all who dissent - women, blacks, latinos, Jews, Moslem, Native American.  All of those preventing the looting of the nation's land, water, and resources by his Billionaire Baron Corporate Oligarchy.  Joining the Russian Oligarchy with the U.S. Oligarchy into a worldwide fascist empire ruled by the Oligarchs from the bunkered board rooms.  Welcome to the U.S. Corporations of Amerika replacing the United States.
You are confused Gary. History reveals that every piece of racist legislation that was ever passed and every racist terrorist attack that was ever inflicted on African Americans, was initiated by the members of the Democratic Party. From the formation of the Democratic Party in 1792 to the Civil Rights movement of 1960's, Congressional records show the Democrat Party passed no specific laws to help Blacks, every law that they introduced into Congress was designed to hurt blacks in 1894 Repeal Act. The chronicles of history shows that during the past 160 years the Democrat Party legislated Jim Crows laws, Black Codes and a multitude of other laws at the state and federal level to deny African Americans their rights as citizens.  History also reveals that the Republican Party was formed to abolish slavery and challenge other racist legislative acts initiated by the Democrat Party.  Senate debates revealed that the Klan was the terrorist arm of the Democratic Party. Embrace your history
Geoff Kennedy - Kaepernick kneeled against his fellow Americans and shoved back into the face of all the white fans who pay hard earned money to buy football tickets. Go out and read what he actually said. Yes, it started as a legitimate protest against a cop shooting a black suspect (ignoring that fact that cops also shoot white suspects, but that's another discussion). Then his protest expanded to include "white privilege." This from a half-white man raised by a middle-class white family who earned $37 million for three declining seasons of performance. After he was moved to free agency, he had a firm offer from the Baltimore Ravens until his girlfriend compared Steve Bisciotti, the team owner, to a slave owner.  In other words, Kaepernick offended the fans, declined in performance and shows every sign of being a reverse racist. Coming from a man who has never experienced hardship, I don't feel sorry for him or admire him. He's a spoiled brat and getting disciplined for it.
I'm a veteran and If your kneeling during the anthem as a veteran you have to know how disrespectful it is. As far as peaceful protests I'm sure their are some out there but what I see on tv and what I experience in my daily life has been the opposite.  BLM is predicated on a lie but that doesn't seem to matter. A BLM member shot and killed 5 Dallas police officers another killed 2 in Louisiana. The rioting and  burning and looting of their own neighborhoods makes no sense to me. Is there bad cops out their the answer is obviously yes. But 2 wrongs don't make a right as my mother used to tell me. Want to get your message out? Stop disrespecting America and then people will listen. Stand up and be proud to be an American and find a better way to protest. Oh and by the way I see plenty of proud  black men, and women on these videos standing up for America and don't like the disrespect either.
That's because she isn't black. Had she been, the fuselage would have a few extra holes to peep out of.
When I was in engineering grad school at a prestigious university 25 years ago all our professors were white males. The department interviewed a black female post-doc with a resume' to die for.  Every university wanted her, and her asking salary was significant. She ended up elsewhere and was paid well. Clearly this UH professor doesn't have the same level of resume' or she'd be in demand.
If it's not about race then why are so many black players protesting?
I was surprised what Obama said at that funeral.  There was a lot of talk about the cops shooting blacks, right in front of the families of the fallen.  Pretty brazen, in my opinion.
In education, those who seek increases have a dilemma. The public in WA state approves everything! Only for a brief moment in 1974, and recently only in Everett for one bond was there an awareness of this fact. (OK, there have been a few very rare occurrences in between). So, the problem, how does one know how much to ask for? How high is up?! So, some time ago they determined as an offshoot of hating Mississippians that they would only ever compare to other states, and that way no justificaton to actual needs be done. It's funny, since MS has many black people who live there, but they're Christian so hate on them is OK in education. So, since in state comparisons someone will ALWAYS be ahead of or behind another state, then they feel justified with the totally absurd, like WA state K-12 needs even more money than $14 billion per year. But, why shouldn't they, since no one ever votes education requests down? It's a difficult dilemma, but Reykdal's "up" for the task! No?
Learn history? Like, for example, the Secession declaration of Alexander Stephens of Georgia, where he proclaimed "Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth ..."  You're kidding yourself if you think the Confederate flag is anything other than an emblem of White Supremacy. Perhaps you should learn some history yourself.
Interesting that my comment pointing out that white men were pressed into service- as slaves- in the Royal Navy to patrol the coast of Africa in an effort to combat the slave trade while also pointing out that it was black people in Africa who captured and sold other black people into the slave market was censored. These are basic facts
What is white privilege, you ask? For starters it is making statements like: 1)"I put in more hours in a week than these NFL players put in a month." These athletes are groomed from early high school and put in thousands of hours of gruelling training and competition to reach the summit they achieve: the best few hundred football players on the planet. 2) "I also do it for a small percentage of what some NFL player makes for one game." Are you among the top few hundred of whatever you do on the planet? I doubt it. Of course, the fact that you are white, as you so loudly proclaim,  and whining that you do not make us much money as these elite black athletes, shows an extreme bias. You do not think you should make as much a Johnny Depp or Leonardo DiCaprio, elite actors. But, because NFL is comprised of a of majority high-achieving blacks, it is easier for you to disrespect them. That is white privilege.
You re wrong John.  From the US department of commerce 2015 census Welfare statistics; Welfare demographics  Percent of Welfare recipients who are: White = 16.8% Black = 39.6% Hispanic = 21.2% Asian / Pacific Islander = 18% Mixed/ other = 4.4%
What a great response RolandX.   Just perfect.  Can't we just be human beings together?   As long as there is a steadfast refusal to look in the mirror (morseo on their part) we will never move anywhere.    Our ancestors made mistakes, we all know that, but that was the norm all around; white people were brought from Europe as slaves; black people suffered even greater horrors.   It was a crude time.     We talk about Residential Schools while conveniently ignoring that along with white leaders there were many FN Chiefs that also advocated for the schools, such as Kahkewaquonaby, a chief of the Credit River Mississaugas.  Also at the same time universal schooling was becoming mandatory for 'all' children as well.  It was intended as a method to make them more productive in society and not as inclined towards crime.    Do we ever hear about FN involvement in the residential school system?  No we don't.   What we do have is good kids ending their lives and that is heart wrenching.
A mission statement is no place for hyperbole, so I don't understand it to be hyperbole when BLM accuses (white) America as seeking to institutionalize the genocide of black Americans.  Their word, "genocide." It's very plain that non-racist blacks don't talk this way.  Or haven't you been listening?
Yea, it's not 1865 any more. The republican party is the party of the antebellum south now.  Deal with it. I've actually seen members of your party defend slavery, and say that blacks were better off when they were enslaved.
I used to know the Republican party.  Now they are talking about removing tax incentives for American businesses (NFL) that brings more wealth to the already wealthy.  I don't disagree with this idea, but they want to do this for the reason that some do not toe the line on their narrow definition of showy patriotism. And this idea is touted by a president who claims that his business experience makes him a great president. Up is down and white is black.
This is a very bad take. A league that has Blake freaking Bortles signed at $8 million and Matt Stafford at $27 million per year... the shortage of quarterbacks and the sad sacks playing that position is of legendary proportions this year. The NFL is breaking under the strain.  And a solid number two remains unsigned. Because he's black and his blackness is important to him.   So why does the word, "black," appear only once in this column?
A Jew invented the poison gas used in the Nazi death camps. Blacks sold black slaves to white slavers. Does that mean most Jews like Nazis, or most blacks supported race based slavery? You seem to be using that kind of logic. Some people in power will use anyone that is willing to promote their goals.
You are correct on some points, but I hear a lot of this revisionist history all the time, it was about states rights and all that. Let's distill it to its finest points, some of the confederacy seceded to preserve slavery, later others joined them. Lincoln reacted and invaded to preserve the Union but the bottom line is the underlying issue of slavery. No slavery no war, right? Most wars have the simple surface reason for their beginning but behind that is real geo-political desires. But all of that does not matter, that flag is a symbol and not a positive one, it is used as a sort of visual code word for racism and to deny it is being intellectually dishonest.  It is a flag of a defeated nation and a defeated ideology just like the Nazi flag and it has no place in a public school in the 21 century save in a lesson. All this crap about history and pride; do you see black southerners displaying it for pride?
Doggone it.What a does black president have to do with anything? Why does color always have to come up?
"Wrong and your thoughts on blacks are abhorrent. Blacks should ride on any bus on any seat just like gays should be able to buy any pre made cake, because its right."  Come on, Thor......Peterpi was mimicking an old-school, conservative viewpoint, and you know it.  This was one of your more pathetic deflection attempts....and that's saying something.
In 2013, whites committed  4,396 homocides, While Blacks committed  5,375 homocides, even though Blacks were  only 13.2% of the population, and Whites being 64% of the population. - FBI crime statistics 2013.
That's your honesty and measures of merit are fine for thongs like pay and promotion, but it means little in protecting what should be assumed as equal rights.   Educstion, civil law, rules of commerce.  With you knowledge you surely accept black Americans had vastly unequal treatment through most of American history and in particular the slave states and the suppression by law with Jin Crow laws.      What you don't want to recognize is that all white people have had foundational advantage (even if you personally did not have racial bias)  Affirmative action was a very small compensation for institutional racism in America.    I doubt it kept single white American from an education, claims of damage are ludicrous.
Yonela really man get a grip. It's called a "free" press. A free press is free to criticize those in power. It happens all over the world - USA and British press are brutal in their criticism of political leaders.  You seem to have a problem that only black political leaders are criticised by the press? SA has only had black presidents with a "free" press - no free press under the nats remember? Didn't we fight for a free press?  Are you saying that a free SA press should stop being critical of political leaders based on their colour? I can't imagine you are saying that (are you?). So what exactly are you saying? Or is this a smoke screen? False flag? Bait?
black bloc anarchists (the ones covering their faces with bandanas) would take exception to being called Democrats.
Just be clear, do black lives matter to you, or not?  If they matter, then why should seeing "Black Lives Matter" be a problem?
The use of force can get you compliance, it can not stop racism.  That may well be the best we can do.  Force was needed to stop overt miscarriage of justice through discrination both formal and informal.     The Wm demonstration was Not a type of discrimination.  They certainly advocate for discrimination, but their protest events are not discriminatory by themselves.    I empathisize with your concerns.  I understand force is needed when the issue is critical and causing huge damage- that certainly fits American civil rights concerns in the 1950's as focus turned from wartime to peace.  The question Now is if we are facing discrimination based on race.    Have Dem policies been effective educating black citizens?
You do know that Blacks also owned slaves during that period.  This is the first time it has been revealed that they were White slaves.  Somehow, owning people seems wrong to me, no matter what color they may be.
" I wonder how you might have felt if it was you being detained in this manner." . I was taught an early age not to run from the police after they tell you to stop so I haven't had that problem and never will.  . "The footage shows a 3-man police team -- made up of 2 hispanic officers and 1 black officer -- identify Bennett as a suspicious person who did not get down on the ground as ordered during the hotel sweep.  Video shows Bennett crouching and running in the casino before bolting out of a hotel door, jumping over a gate and running to the street." https://www.outkickthecoverage.com/las-vegas-police-prove-michael-bennett-lied-racism-charges/
And many of us stand for the Anthem, but think that this entire charade has been overblown and turned into a political farce by the Trump.  Where do we fit in your black-and-white world?
Negro is not a racist term. It describes a person's race. It is neither positive nor negative. The other "N" word is definitely racist.
Political thought is not a protected class. You can refuse to serve a democrat, but not a black man.  A abker must offer all protectd classes the same services or not offer thm at all. It is very simple. The baker in question is not making wedding cakes while he waits to be allowed to legally discriminate.
FIghting takes two sides....and onlty one to stop it.  The world needs peace now.  It can no longer be framed as an impossible.  We as humanity need to cooperate on a global scale to care for our home planet and yes each other, black white and everyone inbetween....
I know many practicing Catholics who attend Mass regularly that reject the Catholic Church’s teachings on birth control and homosexuality…just to name two.  Each individual has the capacity to embrace spiritual beliefs without feeling beholden to what a human contrived Church tells them they should or should not do in their daily lives.  I say good for Jules.  I have never met him but I am impressed with his reported intellectual curiosity and rigor.  I think he is demonstrating the capacity a Mayor needs to be strong in his convictions while being secure enough in his being to nuance the black and white choices a Mayor confronts on a daily basis.
BLM is a non violent organization.  Now tell blue lives that black lives matter too.
Do take the time to follow the links... especially.. download, print an notate what is particular to your locale, for your city and state.  Know your rights: A guide to your rights when interacting with law enforcement. Is well regarded by local law enforcement. Actually, bringing people in to the parish to do the interactive program would be the "yes and" I would add to the article. Locally one is scheduled by the city and it is interactive meaning there is role play and people are asked to evaluate the actions of participants.  Here is a detailed link from the one I am describing...    it is offered by N.O.B.L.E National Organization of Black Law Enforcement  http://www.noblenational.org/law_and_you.aspx   Equally important is the safe space of parish to discuss how to assemble the "black binder" of what to do in case of --   and lastly there is this link... to the online detainee locator through U.S. Immmigration Customs and Enforcement. https://locator.ice.gov/odls/homePage.do
I don't believe that it would be fair to say that, no.  I sit at the executive table at work, and it is fairly representative of Canadian society.  When I look at Trudeau's cabinet, I see much more diversity than I would have ten years ago.  The United States just came out of two terms under a Black president, something that would have been surreal when I was a child.  A woman running for president  would have been equally surreal.  The Conservatives are about to elect a new leader; among the candidates are two women and an Indian.  This is the most right wing party in the nation; the slate would have provoked jeers in my father's day.  I believe we are making great strides in the West.  If we continue along this path, neither gender nor skin colour will make much difference by the time my children are reaching for the brass ring.  The only things that will matter will be ability and knowledge.  And those are the only things that should.
Sorry,  but I don't comprehend at all how baking a cake inevitably leads to one person's religious freedom being in some manner impaired or restricted.   A baker bakes cakes for sale to the public.  There is no divine law requiring that baker to police the morality of all those who eat his cakes.   In the case at hand,  the baker has selectively picked out one group to designate as 'sinners' to whom he will not provide his cakes,  ostensibly in in service of his religious freedom.   All other sinners (presumably heterosexual) are welcome to purchase his cakes without question.   This is blatant discrimination under a veneer of religion...  no different than 60 years ago when restaurants and bakers refused service to blacks.   Religion in general,  and our Lord specifically,  get blamed for way too much human meanness that has nothing to do with God.
Black Lives Matter   ????
The DOJ found that black residents were systematically and disproportionately targeted by a racial dragnet. Ferguson policing practices were “shaped by the City’s focus on revenue rather than by public safety needs,” resulting in huge racial disparities that derived in part from “discriminatory intent” on the part of court officials, city councilors, and the Ferguson Police Department. African Americans, though only 67 percent of the Ferguson population, made up “85% of FPD’s traffic stops, 90% of FPD’s citations, and 93% of FPD’s arrests from 2012 and 2014.”  (From Jacobin, The origins of stop and frisk.)  I've known kids whose first rousting happened before they were ten. How many might they go through, by eighteen? And consider that all the boys and young men they know are subject to the same experiences. It's unsurprising that, under such a regime, a member of the targeted demograph will occasionally respond to a police stop with intransigence.  (cont)
There are 3 races. Caucasian, Mongoloid (Asian), and Negroid (Black). These are their scientific names. Anthropologically, they refer to relative frame size & shape of the head. Everything beyond that, including soft tissue, brain and other body systems, are exactly the same, just changes in melanin in the skin. They just look different because of environment.  Mexicans are both Caucasian and Asian, as are most Central and South Americans. Many American Blacks are Caucasian and Black. Judaism is a religion, just like Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism. If you're Jewish, there are ethnicities. It's just like being Italian or Irish.  Askenazi, Sephardi, etc. If you're Ashkenazi, you are most likely at or within 2% of being 100% European, mostly living in colder climates. Being European, to most white supremacists, means white. So basically, I bet if they did a side by side study, you'd find most Ashkenazi Jews are as "white" if not "whiter" than most supposedly "white" supremacists.
Look up Sanger and "The Negro Project" using your Google search, then.
surprise!surprise!these three countries are sending their youths and militaristsand traditionaliststo south africa to help the anc to destroy and annihilate zulus,xhosas and tswanas.they  embarked on those crimes of soldiers addicted by khat against civiliansi.e.screwing and ripping-off blacks in these spazas of them or falsely accusing them of theft and shoplifting and having them arrested!harrassing and intimidating and hijacking blacks and taking them to their buildings to be detained and tortured until they die by their khoisan guards whom they will tell you its their private army!in south africa they are not fighting each other but gang-up to fight blacks!they are sponsored by the hellenic community and catholic diocese in saratoga street!
This is the "pot calling the kettle black"!  I can still hear the awkward scream (laugh) that was issued by Dean in Iowa!   Crazy is like crazy does, look in the mirror Dean, a "has been" politics.
The 2nd Amendment doesn't permit you to shoot protesters.  Whether you are a white cop or a black gang banger.  If you don't shoot anybody, you don't have to go to jail.    It's a pretty simple concept for most people.
And how inconvenient for you that that particular casting call was for parts that required black actors--just as the parts that require white actors were filled by...GASP! White actors.   Grow up.
You can't make this stuff up .. .A white rapper has a rant played at a black only event ( won't get diverted by THAT hypocrisy ) and that's got libs and the media calling it a "take down" of Donald Trump? From the no talent that let Howard Stern land his butt on his face at the Grammy's .. Haha
As updates continue to come in, it seems that both the perpetrator and law enforcement officer were of the same demographic, that is, black.  Should, as this individual stated, “This is a warning cry,” said Alderman Khalif Rainey. “Black people of Milwaukee are tired. They are tired of living under this oppression.”, really wish to change things, and get rid of said oppression, they should bring themselves out from under the regime that has controlled Milwaukee for the past, what, 56 years?  So, sorry, rioters, sorry, leftist pundits, sorry Democrat Party, but this all falls upon you, and your moronic and Marxist/Socialist policies, just as it does in Detroit, Chicago, San Francisco, Baltimore, and any other location whereas said ideology has controlled the location for many, many years.  Should individuals of these cities, or any location within this Nation, TRULY wish to free themselves from oppression, STOP electing the party of Woodrow Wilson, and live free, as an individual!
i checked the original AP story - it was an RG writer or editor that wrote this headline?  i figure it 's like a good edit - if you notice it...it wasn't a good edit. black portland. black being the adjective (?) describing portland.
A tragic and complicated figure embraced by a dangerous and farcical troupe a.k.a. the KKK as one of their own.   Initially Virginia voted against secession and Lee said he would fight for the North. The second vote called for secession and Lee thought the honorable choice was to defend his homeland. His feelings on slavery were ambiguous. As repulsive as it sounds today he had a genuine religious belief that "the African" needed to be "civilized" and any slave owner who did not encourage their "enlightenment" was guilty of moral turpitude.   By the end of the Civil War he was convinced the South lost because God favored racial integration (of sorts) and he made it a point, one Sunday, of receiving communion beside a lone Black worshiper while all the White attendees sat aghast.
No T Bone it's always and stupidly so about race with you.   Especially since the 'racism' claims you make are countered by looking at the statistics on race that you insist on using prove you wrong.     Unsurprisingly the race of the officer involved in most police shootings of black people is black.   Unsurprisingly the race of the police officer most in contact with poor black communities is a black officer from that same damn community.   It's not rocket science.   You are the one claiming it's the 'government' out to kill black people.   Which makes no sense when it's immediately apparent from those pesky facts you don't want to look at, that it's black officers doing the job that are involved in most of these situations.   It is then unsurprising to anyone with a brain that it isn't the government with the issue but the criminals who think escalating a situation with a cop is a good idea.  Of course we could instead accept your assertion that black cops are racist against blacks.
Typical reaction from people like you: If you disagree with me, then I'm surely an apologist and supporter. Were you spewing about Trump haters in their black hoods assaulting people?  I'm sure you were not. Were you spewing about Trump haters in their black hoods destroying property?  I'm sure you were not. By your philosophy, that obviously makes you an apologist and supporter of their violence and destruction. Whether you like it or not, people have a right to demonstrate, regardless of how you feel about their message.  The BLM has the same right.  It's when people like you try to stop them from exercising that right that things get out of control, and the Trump haters are some of the worst.  You obviously have an issue with people expressing their opinion--if it goes against yours, anyway. BTW, where did I use the word "equivalent"?  Read it again and stop trying to spin it for your agenda.  People like you are great at that.
Fears are still present, though not so explicitly. Example: students from Chicago's seminary, Mundelein Seminary, have the option offered by the seminary to go on a trip for a week during breaks to Alabama to "get acquainted" with the African-American community. Sad to say, but nobody from that seminary comes down to the South-side of Chicago (I guess traveling, doing "religious tourism" is more exciting to the seminarians) to get that kind of experience, closer to home where they could have a more long-lasting impact/presence. See https://usml.edu/mission-trip-birmingham-al/  (based on this seminary's site, the person organizing this trip is linked to the Legion of Christ. Strange, I thought the work associated with that group has nothing to do with helping/serving the poor and/or blacks).
“I was astonished that you blamed black people for poor health and poverty because of all the chicken and barbecue they eat.”   That's not a question,  its a political statement.  Did the Cub Scouts invite the Senator to a debate,  or to answer their questions.  I think ejecting the Scout from the Pack was an overreaction,  unless there were even more egregious "questions" asked.
Unfortunately they will not. The writing is on the wall. The fight/flight basic human reaction has no logic or foresight attached to it. Unfortunately the ANC good guys are also just human beings and when push comes to shove will look after their own families and build the biggest caves to protect themselves and loved ones when the Zupta droppings hit the fan.   It's just like in Apartheid. Most white people where totally against it but instead of fighting, did the sensible thing and sat on their vantage and built themselves. It's just now the good people with vantage are the black people in the ANC. You can be as moral as you want but unfortunately we are simply all human beings and from our basic animal roots cut from the same cloth.  Tasting good things just does something to us.
Merely donating one's time and money isn't what you prescribed above. Colin Keapernick donates his time and a large chunk of his money to the cause. So do many professional athletes.   What you prescribed above is that athletes give ALL but $100k of their salary. I'm quite sure you don't donate that relative percentage. I know most conservatives don't.  So again, you are quick with the double standards here. Back peddle if you must, but you wrote above that the protesting players should give up ALL but $100k of their salaries to the inner city, minority (sic), etc. You are now coy all of the sudden and you feign SHOCK that I would dare notice your double standard for black protesting athletes when it was very clear what you meant the first time. If you knew any black Americans in real life you wouldn't need this explained to you.
If it were true that the Democratic Party is operating as a Southern Plantation with masters and slaves, wouldn't African-American voters abandon it?  If it were true, it would be very easy for the Republican Party to change its implicitly racist Southern Strategy to a new Southern Strategy, rewarding African-American votes with jobs, education, and programs.  It hasn't done so, presumably to avoid alienating its base, evangelicals and less educated white people, especially in the South, who the Republican Party itself has treated as closet bigots, justly or not.  I agree that the majority of Americans are hungry for change, although Americans disagree widely about what that change should entail - progress or a return to the past.  That is just one of the reasons for the drastic political and social polarization we see among our citizens today.  Speaking of "bound to Wall Street", the New York Times last week published a list of Trump's economic advisers; billionaires and bankers all.
lol.   I guess equality for LGB people was "forced" on society too. And equality for women. And for black people. And for First Nations.   "a false equivalence fallacy occurs when someone falsely equates an act by one party as being equally egregious to that of another without taking into account the underlying differences which may make the comparison patently invalid."  https://furrybrowndog.wordpress.com/2009/07/22/the-fallacy-of-false-equivalence/
Gee Laura how did you feel about Tricky Dick Nixon?  I once saw a grainy black and white film clip of a young female psychiatrist interviewing serial woman killer Ted Bundy in a Florida prison.  He was claiming that pornography made him do it and the look in his eyes and his expression was the same smirking, mocking and simian sneer that George Bush displayed almost every time he opened his mouth in public and now Donald Trump displays whenever he spews some credulous foolishness that his supporters eat up.  Sorry Laura but the supposed failures of character Hillary Clinton brings to the table are nothing compared to the sociopathic and likely criminal behavior of Donald Trump.
Nope, that's why there are so few white players in the modern NFL. White men have to do those jobs and get turned away from pro football at college level while we have to watch angry, entitled black millionaires 'protest' about society being unfair to them. mmmm
No, It is time for the majority to now do their bit, to make sure that their chosen government governs with integrity, or gets removed, to make sure that they use the multiple black privileges that have been around for 20+ years and become contributors and not just receivers of the benefits of the minorities bit that has been biting for the same period of time.   Responsibility is a two way street and not the cul de sac it has been turned into
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan, Second, no people anywhere has done more to lift up blacks than white Americans. Untold trillions have been spent since the '60s on welfare, food stamps, rent supplements, Section 8 housing, Pell grants, student loans, legal services, Medicaid, Earned Income Tax Credits and poverty programs designed to bring the African-American community into the mainstream. Governments, businesses and colleges have engaged in discrimination against white folks -- with affirmative action, contract set-asides and quotas -- to advance black applicants over white applicants. Churches, foundations, civic groups, schools and individuals all over America have donated their time and money to support soup kitchens, adult education, day care, retirement and nursing homes for blacks.
Let's see, we  are supposed to believe that a black kid approached a group of white strangers and asked one of them for a ride home? And then agreed to a physical contact challenge with one of the  group to get that ride? In this red neck town?SURE , sure it happened that way. Is there some kind of an IQ test for our public officials we can administer. Mark Nichols and Brian Smith might swallow this hokey story but I have heard better tales from a six year old.
Yes.   Unlike women, gays, lesbians, transgenders, bi-sexuals, blacks, Hispanics, Jews, and Muslims, Non-Students are not "a protected class".  The Oregon Legislature is in session.    Maybe you can get them to add "non-students" to the category?
That is, without a doubt, the ugliest logo of anything I have ever seen!  The Beaver looks like one drawn in the  2nd Grade, the Japanese sunburst has nothing to do with Oregon, and it looks like someone is trying to stab the beaver with the tree!  The stark black and white must have been selected by a minimalist Swede to honor Ikea furniture!  I'd be ashamed to have that as a design for a State Highway marker symbol, which it closely resembles in shape.  Overall, it is excessively cluttered.  It appears to  have been designed by a committee whose members  were unable to reach consensus on a theme.
So in the name of stamping out racial injustice, each NFL team should have no more than 7 black players (to accurately mirror the US population).
The trouble is, liberals would shove tea party whackos into the "other", conservatives would push the "liberalism is a mental disease" liberals into the "other", fundamentalists would push gays and lesbians, bis and trans (and maybe questioning) people into the "other", racists would want black folks in there, and maybe some jews would also be turned away and forced to use the "other", and while we are at it we'd put the homeless, the fatties, vegans, Tesla-drivers, man-bun wearers, and chicken BBQ pizza eaters.  In short, the "other" would end up pretty crowded.
I am a former state prosecutor and a retired federal prosecutor.  Prisons are filled with blacks because blacks are convicted --- either by their own guilty pleas or by jury --- of committing crimes that warrant prison time.  It's as simple as that.  WHY they choose to commit such crime is a different question.  But thanks to sentencing guidelines, which greatly reduce the opportunity for race to enter sentencing decision --- the criminal laws themselves are color-blind:  Violate law "X," and it doesn;t matter what race you are, you suffer the consequences of committing crime "X."  That is the beauty of the sentencing guidelines.  Whether blacks are treated differently than whites in prison is a subject I know nothing about, but in my experience, it is clear that the system has gone out of its way, through the  sentencing guidelines, to make sure that racism --- and I have yet to see a racist federal judge --- that racism does not infect the sentencing process.  cont'd
I really don't understand why they are only asking  police to fight islamophobia.  Shouldn't the goal be to fight at kinds of hate.. ....against blacks, jews, LGBTQ2, etc.
At least he has a job still. I worked 8 yrs at a VA where black veterans jobs and rights were stripped as easy as tying a rope to a tree. Google NOOSE FOUND AT WACO VA. Then find out this same VA'S new name. I have been fighting for over 20yrs to be fairly reinstated or just employment, receiving no success as a career conditional employee. Employment Discrimination In The Federal Workplace was a speech given by Kitty Peddicord on September 10, 1997.  I keep a copy in my book A Flawed System, a documentary of a veteran still fighting to get his benefits back. Benefits that were earned not given.
Yes, it can be.  Just as you belong to a subculture of anti-pro-Trump, and legislators in our state belong to a subculture of tax & spend, those in the millitary also belong to a subculture of finding humor in what would otherwise, if taken out of context, seem like dark or black humor.   What's the word.....hmmmm.....oh yeah!  Irony.  Your welcome.
A couple of thoughts.  "a suggestion that a book featuring a black Canadian would not be of interest to anyone who was not black." Not dissimilar to the constant refrain on television news from newscasters who feel the need to announce, "Stay tuned, and we will tell you how this next story might impact YOU!" As if no one would be interested in any news that doesn't directly impact THEM! Apparently enough to make it necessary...  Second. An illustrated children's book depicting Muslims is a great idea...but somewhat self-contradictory. Isn't a tenet of the faith that one should not represent people...?
I don't recall seeing anyone of these entitled pro football /basketball player at a rally against police brutality. More blacks are killing each other than police are killing them. Police kill more native and whites but don't hear about it.  Kneeling for the anthem to the flag that gives you freedom to play a professional sport and make loads of cash instead of rotting in jail or shot. Find another way to protest if you think you have been wronged.
I just read an RG story about the police chief hiring process and concerns over police shootings of "black" men nationwide. Then in this story, Holloway is "African-American."  And in the case of Holloway, if the school district was discriminating against her, she would never had been hired for two jobs with the district.  Aside from their settlement money, they had a combined eight months of paid leave.
At one point in history the Supreme Court also ruled that blacks who "sold as slaves", whether enslaved or free,couldn't be citizens" - obviously they make mistakes don't they?
Hmmm, maybe it's just me, but this isn't one of Brook's better columns.  He treats Bannon as if he's just some  sort of  traditional George Wallace/Pat Buchanan right-wing populist. In fact Bannon is a believer in the most extreme sort of tribal, "us against them fight to the death" Social Darwinist ideology.  It's all black and white, Good vs. Evil-- and the Good are white Christian Americans. Not thinking it possible that Brooks himself harbors such views, I can only conclude his "Let Bannon Be Bannon" is satire.  I think.
So you're saying that the media is anti-black?
It's broke, let's fix it. Good, thoughtful opinion, Pat. For that reason alone, expect vitriol. Perfect timing as well, with the Republican party silencing Elizabeth Warren from reading a supremely pertinent letter from Coretta Scott King regarding good ol' boy Jeff Session's racist background and disregard for the voice of the vote...if it's black. We have plenty to fix in this nation and people like you who have ideas, are terrifying to those who have thrived on the dysfunctional status quo.
This type of thinking is the same mentality that has worked against all minorities; women, LBGT, Chinese, Blacks, Irish, any & every minority religious groups, union, non-union, poor, refugees, slaves, freed slaves, by the KKK, Jim Crow Laws, usually, those that have access to food & shelter. Basically, Human Bullies in need of dictatorial control over other less fortunate "Real People" whom are in need of compassion...What a nurturing company to be indentured to!
Just like Obama did against Black Lives Matter, a racially based hate group.
You're not explaining why killing someone "who happens to be unarmed" is a violation for why the said cop should go to prison.  Such as in Ferguson, the person "who just happened to be unarmed" first grabbed Wilson's gun in the car and tried to shoot him in the gut with it, then turned around and ran back toward the officer charging at him.  If you wish to "discuss police treatment of blacks," at least be decent enough to wait until the evidence in all cases is released to the public, then order those case files and go through them, and point out exactly what the problem is. What your side has been doing is assuming guilt on the cop's part simply because he's a cop who shot a black person, without waiting for anything else to emerge.   "As seen on TV" isn't a legitimate means of discovering facts.  So please don't try to feed us this BS about wanting a "conversation."  You just want to bash.
The US doesn't have a race problem its called a race system.  And its just as insidious in the democratic party where you have a president who admits to using archaic racial hypodescent  thinking so he could be Black instead of "passing as black".  A vice president who confirmed this by using old school terms like "clean looking" to describe him (meaning superior intelligent mulatto like white folks).  Yes America has a RACE SYSTEM where over 30% of white people are actually mixed race not including Natv, Blacks  and other groups who are mixed white and do not identify as white (because of antique cave dwelling hypodescent beliefs of subordination of races as the child indentifier).  Making white people the most mixed in this country.  Is trump calling for blood supremacy?  But other groups do who a, and their race system depends on it. You folks think Trump has a problem?  LOL!  He is just raking the dirt a bit and exposing your own comfort in the race system.  The comfortable racist.
are you kidding!! EUROPE! so the discovery of gun powder in China or that the Arabs were the ones who charted the stars for travel don't have any reverence in your 'version' of history! This is your  white privileged speaking! to think that only Europeans enlightened the world! the reason women or people of colour were not allowed to take credit for their discovery was because the white man never considered a woman a person or the slave to have a voice. a Black Man in America could not patent his invention  80yrs ago because he was not recognized as a person, but a white man could and he took all the credit. Google Lewis Latimer as a start.
Since they got busted, they'll never get erected to public office. I don't know what the BIG deal is anyway. Why are people turning this articles comment section into a sexist thing? Stereotypes are real because they are mostly true. Firemen are assumed to be men because they mostly are and nurses are assumed to be women because they mostly are. Black people like chicken because they mostly do....so what? Asians like rice and white people can't dance. Why do we take issue with everything said anymore? Quit taking issue with everything and enjoy life. This articles comment section should be loaded with puns, not arguments over whether or not the nurses are male or female. Good grief. Get over yourselves.
Gadabout: . Well, closing loopholes is probably a good idea, but just what constitutes a loophole seems to lie in the eye of the beholder. . Went to a public meeting the other night, and a number of people - particularly women professionals - made some pretty compelling points about the problems of unpaid maternity leave for self-employed professionals. . If you don't have a pension, and you don't have any kind of job security, you need to look at the taxation burden over the entire career arc, not just an annual snap-shot. . This issue is nowhere near as black and white as it first appeared.
Yeah the runs the bullpen gave up today were a direct result of not capitalizing on scoring opportunities. If the game is tied or the Rockies lead when Freeland exits, the Rockies don't necessarily win it. But they have a much better chance of winning it with Neshek, McGee, etc. in the game than the guys Black has to turn to when they're trailing.
And yet, 250 years later, the descendants of those who were 'freed' still "require" 'affirmative action' across our society for blacks--except for those blacks we bring in from other countries on work Visas to work for Microsoft and Silicon Valley.     If that is how you define 'success', we are going to have to disagree.
I disagree. If you are not able to look past popular opinion to discern right from wrong, you should not be venerated at places like institutions of higher learning.  11% of people in Oregon were able to reason that African Americans certainly should not be excluded from Oregon. Those are the people who should be venerated.
Alaska Dispatch News Is ADN... it is a liberal left democrat run organization. Like a slave plantation in the south it's all about making profit and keeping people slaves to believing you are only safe on the plantation of being a democrat.   I am a democrat for this reason. Rich people that own other democrats get them to protest. We own the media and therefor own the viewers. We will use people on welfare cause they only vote democrat. We own them too. We also get away with anything. Look at Hillary Clinton. We own America and control it even if and when trump won. We still run the country and we will decide how we divide it. Funny thing is poor democrats and blacks still fight for our party even though we've owned them as slaves and now we do through college loans, welfare, and healthcare.
Republicans don't show up to riot, loot, or battle Police in Black Masks, Democrats do that.
(Part three-b of three)   the compromises of my life as a professor.—Julie Hanlon Rubio ..... Only allowing politics to determine truth compromises the life of a professor.  Professors are committed to sharing, basically a socialistic endeavor.  But, before one can become a professor, one must compete in a capitalist environment.  Black America shows how to do this first by competing, then by remembering from whence the Faithful come.  “The sabbath was made for men, not man for the sabbath” (Mark 2:28), just as education is made for all to learn about how awesome God is, rather than bout how to obtain employment.  Liturgy of the Word, Reading 312, Tuesday of the Second Week in Ordinary Time, Year I
It's race. The US government, that stole those treaty lands, on behalf of timber and railroad barons, land speculators, and miners, don't want people discussing the American Holocaust. Blacks don't want to talk about Harriet Tabman recruiting Buffalo Soldiers and the "40 acres and a mule" suggested by General William T Sherman, for slaughtering 70% of the Western tribes. Whites don't want to talk about the abrogated treaties resulting from the discovery of gold in the Black Hills. And, Oregonian's don't want to talk about the same happening to the 2 million acres reservation taken from my people that was the Malheur Indian Reservation in Oregon.  No one seems to care that five to eight times more Native American's died at the hands of the US government between 1865 and 1915 than Jews in Hitler's gas chambers. Instead of poison gas, the US government used Buffalo Soldiers armed with machine guns (Gatling), canons, and rifles.
Sr. Pacatte does not seem to understand that this movie was a dramatization, not a documentary. It seems the point of this move was to recast a race riot as an "uprising". It would be nice if Hollywood would at some point make a movie about the horror white people have been subjected to at the hands of blacks.
I am not a racist nor do I insinuate that Obama is a black man.  Obama ran as a black man, soliciting support from people because he is a black man.  He urged every other black person to vote for him because it was time for a black man to be President.  He solicited bleeding heart liberals in the same fashion.  Obama had no experience to lead anyone to believe he was qualified to be President.  His effort to in soliciting support involved dividing voters into groups based upon sex and race as a rallying point, and he followed that pattern (of playing groups one against the other) throughout his tenure in office.  I look at all people as equals and I try not to judge any unless they threaten my peace or physical being and I promote a philosophy that serves to benefit all people.
We do that here as well with supporters of a person or an issue.  Have for years in fact. This article specifically states Trump supporters.  -- 1961 - Freedom Rides... blacks and their allies boarded buses to help end segregation... 2003 - 18 buses carrying 900 immigrants and their supporters 2012 - Dems bring in crowds by the busload to fill stadium for Obama speech 2016 - FL school busing students to Clinton rally  And so on...
You don't have a clue of what it's like to be me.  I grew up among blacks, worked with blacks, played with blacks every day.  I represented blacks, many, in my law practice.  My experience is that it's people from the Northeast and Upper Midwest have no idea what it's like to be black; it's so little part of their experience.
Outrageous. A "Black Lives Matter" exhibit? Does include "artifacts" from DEAD COPS?
In the fifth paragraph we learn that Climate Change is now a proper noun.  The protesters' report leans on a 2010 study. "We are at a critical time," they say. Sounds like the critical time was seven years ago when their guy was president. Wouldn't he have made things better?  Coal mining is work in the energy sector. Do black people want more of those jobs?
We could highlight his racist attitudes as exemplified by the things he's said but almost everyone has heard or read about what he has said. Maybe it would be better to focus on his actions that have caused actual harm to minorities, for example, his real estate companies refusal to rent to African-Americans and Puerto Ricans, "the Trump Management Corporation settled the original lawsuit two years later and promised not to discriminate against black people, Puerto Ricans or other minorities.... Later..."the Justice Department sued the Trump Management Corporation again for allegedly discriminating against black applicants by telling them apartments weren’t available....Workers at Trump’s casinos in Atlantic City...have accused him of racism over the years. When Donald and Ivana came to the casino, the bosses would order all the black people off the floor,” Kip Brown, a former employee at Trump’s Castle..." Here Are 10 Examples Of Donald Trump Being Racist--Huffington Post
"Or is it the black lives matter criminals who he supports over our brave Law Enforcement officers?"  He honored the service of police officers repeatedly, but imagine whatever fantasy you like.
It turns out that African Americans don't want to be shot and killed by anyone, white or black, democrat or republican.  The Marines have a saying that there are no white or black marines - just green.  It doesn't matter if the policeman who shoots you dead is white, black, or just blue, you are still dead.  I don't know if the circumstances of this particular shooting were justified or not, but in general I feel like there needs to be some changes in police training to make them a little less quick on the trigger, and a little better able to deescalate situations without resorting to deadly force.  Black people have a 100% right to peaceful protest, and I feel that their cause is just.  No one has a right to hijack peaceful protests for violence, destruction and looting, though.
Admission does add credibility. It also provides a model to other countries to take responsibility for their 'integration' problems. One needs only to look at the US to see that the country as a whole has never dealt with its slave past; it has never had a truth and reconciliation process;  it has never acknowledged the positive roles of the Blacks and Indigenous people who helped create 'America'. It was a great speech showing a modern leader who wants to make change. He wasn't talking down to any other countries. It is also disappointing that on the comment section we see nothing but 'silly' comments about a person who is our leader. Why can't we Canadians respect the office of the Prime Minister instead of whining about our PM. Nobody is perfect.
Lies, Michael - all lies. He was not an apologist for terrorists. He was not an apologist for racism towards whites. His support of Black Lives Matter - certainly controversial but not disgusting or unAmerican. He never shamed Americans, he never soiled American institutions. That is what Trump is doing.
Libber and Trumper children still may attend the same public school. Betsy DeVos wouldn't change that, as long as both children had wealthy parents. What she would change is that poor kids and black kids wouldn't have the same educational opportunities.  Your hero Trump is a bigoted monster who would set our nation back sixty years.
Yes, Wiliki, and I dare say the jurisdictions that are now mostly black never gave a second thought about the statues having some kind of a negative connotation until people like you came along to tell them they should be offended.
again with the KESEY stuff? want to drag linda hamilton the BLACK WOMAN in again?  2 of your favorite subjects.    do you still have all your KESEY cut and paste info on your clipboard so you can drag it out yet again?   if you were a fully functional adult, your data base would be MUCH larger. you work from a very small CPU. you have so little to actually bring to a story, your fall back is this SAME OLD, IRRELEVANT BS.  kesey, linda hamilton, skunk in woodpile ...i can't remember the other 2 subjects that you address.
I saw a lady wearing an ANC T-shirt at parkrun recently.  She jogged along the level and then turned and cruised comfortably and quite fast downhill.  Reminded me of the ANC who worked fairly well for 10 years or so doing some fairly obvious catch-up to correct marginalization of black people.  The ANC are now cruising on that success while taking South Africa downhill.
AT&T is giving Trump supporters a refund - BS!!!  I'm absolutely not a Trump supporter and I'm absolutely disgusted with police brutality happening around the country and right here in Denver (and not just against Blacks) - yet I TOO am 100% disgusted with the disgraceful method of protest that these players, owner, and coaches are showing during the National Anthem/flag.  DESPICABLE & DISGRACEFUL...and to top it off by doing so they completely lost the message they originally protested against (now we need signs attached to each protester to know what they are protesting about or if they are doing so to spite Trump who is miniscule regarding the United States of America).  Shame on you DP...shame.
Simply put, you're wrong. A country's law may be based on any legal code, be it British Common Law or anything else. It's not the historic basis of the law that defines whether its just or not, but the laws themselves as they exist today.   What defines apartheid is when a MINORITY group, backed by the power of the state and its laws, systematically disadvantage a group that would otherwise hold a democratic majority. That's what South Africa was. A white minority held power over a black majority.  There is no law in Palestine that discriminates against Jews, or anyone else for that matter. The Basic Law of Palestine guarantees equal political, social, legal and economic rights to all citizens, period. But even if there was such a law, it still wouldn't be apartheid. Palestinians are the majority in Palestine, not a minority. Israel is an apartheid state because it oppresses the Palestinian majority in Palestine, to the advantage of the Jewish-Israeli minority that lives there.
Low interest rates have only postponed a long-overdue reset in north america as a result of tech change and globalization. When agent orange starts his war in north korea (only a matter of time imho) and starts massive spending perhaps that will be the black swan moment.
The Black Power salute confirmed for me what I have suspected all along.  The NFL has become a venue for saying America is an evil racist nation.  Just my humble opinion, of course.   I'm a Vietnam Veteran and say, let us bring destruction to the NFL and bankruptcy for the owners.  For an ugly slander against this great nation and those who fought and died for her. Amazing how the players are repenting when their paychecks are at risk.  It won't be sincere.  Don't believe it.  No forgiveness.
OJ's blood was all over the crime scene. The irony is that Barry Scheck (one of OJ's attorneys), used  the blood evidence to confuse and obfuscate the jury, yet after the trial and to this day uses the same kind of blood evidence to have prisoners convictions overturned. It is impossible to invalidate results (as Scheck did) if all the appropriate controls are performed. In other words, you could test year old blood contaminated with garbage and it would not invalidate the results. I always find it interesting to ask those who believe OJ was innocent to explain the rationale for their decision, and they cannot. He got off because he's Black and jury nullification, pure and simple. He'll probably still self destruct and hopefully will not hurt more anyone in the process. But you're right; a lot of uninformed individuals still believe he is innocent. It is fair to say that the prosecution did not prove their case, but that's a far dry from anyone believing that he's innocent.
OK General Kelly, your boy has concocted yet another a way to "divide" the US Military.  Now it's squarely on.  Gold Star family vs. Gold Star Family.  Your white soldiers vs. your soldiers of color.  It's happening.    What you gonna do, General Kelly?    . . . Or. . . does this serve your purposes and agenda?  Too?
Hedzer, indeed police officers tried for killing black men and not being convicted tells me a lot of things.  As well as explaining rioting in the streets.  Imagine a white officer saying he was going to kill a black MF and then killing him - and not being convicted of anything.  http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/st-louis-cop-jason-stockley-anthony-smith-not-guilty_us_59a965a0e4b0b5e530fe090e
Bronson, labeling ANYONE with a name other than theirs, or a label you know they dislike is wrong.   For instance calling a African-American in South Central  "Black"  would cause an undesirable reaction.  Everyone knows calling (what "appears" to be a Caucasian) a "haole", usually preceded with the "F" word, is not appropriate. You are not recognizing the person, but their appearance.  Why do it? It's wrong. You are passing judgement on race, that's racism. Calling someone a "gentile" is also wrong as you are passing judgement on their personal concept and faith. Also known as bigotry.  Let us all stop all the labeling that only seeks to divide, categorize, and create disunion in our nation.  My name is David, Dave, or DiverDave.
Are they honoring them for being black, did they volunteer for the hard ship, or were they a bunch of Gi's following orders and they did their job?  PC I hoped had gone when Obama left office I guess what is said about Alaska is that we are a year behind the rest of the lower 48.
The entire agreement was in black and white, all easily accessible if you wanted to read it.  I read it. Interesting stuff, but the deal was clearly written for the benefit of the US, so the rest of us, the other 10 trading partners, were actually better off without the terms that so strongly favoured the US.  Trump doesn't understand trade deals, global business, or the difference between a current account and a financial account. He didn't do the US any favours by cancelling the TPP, believe me.  But back to the topic at hand, once you're done dissing Obama, maybe you'd like to admit this is a serious gaffe, and your hero has some explaining to do. Maybe you'll even agree that he should tender his resignation? No!
So instead of a former mayor,they try to parachutte in a black young female, who then is summarily defeated by a no-name? Mr. Trudeau, who are you listening too? Why on earth did you think this would be a good idea? To get another checkmark in the diversity coloum? Just really not cool dude.
I see your point very clearly. You acknowledge free speech and are simply saying this act shows disrespect to the troops if not the nation itself. I get it. What I'm saying is this: The moment you begin creating categories for speech, whether respectful, disrespectful, or anything else, you disconnect your arguments from the constitution and place them in the realm of individual choice. That gets dangerous when, say, the majority decides players who kneel should be booed -- or that black people shouldn't be allowed to vote. That's not what you said, but you get my example. With respect, you are displaying a knee-jerk patriotism founded on unexamined assumptions about what it means to be a proud service member, and about which many proud service members disagree with you. I find that (and you) terrifying.
I was going to say why look only at black on black violence?    Is it possible that the causes of violence have nothing to do with race?     Then I'm thinking that 'black' to many mean less about skin color, and more about assumed behaviors in black American culture.    What do you think LFS?    Is  black culture/race predisposed to violence versus other races/cultures?    I don't see any lack of violence in white culture through history either, but then I went to a white school in Eugene and we weren't taught black culture in any serious manner.  I do think that American blacks have a long generation memory of their own history and the clear abuse heaped on their past family.    Can you imagine the collective memory of black families that points to hanging, rape, segregation.   How would you react if this was your past?   So again, are black people inately more violent than white people? Or has the unique history of black Americans created the current culture of violence?
You really do have a hard time understanding, don't you.  The link I provided to table 3 (Murder Offenders by Age, Sex, Race, and Ethnicity, 2015) shows...  White: 4636 Black: 5620 Other: 283 Unknown: 4787
Eh.  Get over it Goldberg.  Black folks have been peacefully protesting by way of 'sit-ins' since the Woolworth lunch counter protest in 1960.  And white folks been shrieking and flailing about it just as long.
Tell the dead black men killed needlessly and capriciously at police hands your theory.
An "F" for the quarter is a Severe punishment ? OK - I retract, they get an "F" but have to make it up the following quarter.  People had to work and it costs a lot of money to go to DC, and I suspect the country rallied behind Obama being the first black president (which they should have - republican or democrat). And who cares who attended and why does it matter, we all concede he lost the popular vote, but winning the popular vote is not what it takes to be President, is it ?
Another pathetic article reflecting the DP ownership's complete subservience to the DNC. Per Sporting News article on 10/12/17, NFL viewership is down 8% overall and game attendance is down 18% from 2016. Some NFL markets have cratered such as SF, Cleveland, Bungles, Chargers, Rams, Redskins, Raiders, and Dolphins. I sincerely hope the players finish their narcissistic arson-fest of the NFL. Nothing like watching the NFL players funeral pyre over their own racism and bigotry. The NFL players will keep throwing up the "Black Power" salute, decrying everyone who isn't black, and barking over their vitriolic hatred of the U.S. Priceless.
It's not that black and white and suddenly killing an entire industry woul have catastrophic effects on the economy. Leave the black and white oversimplifications to the right wingers, that's their forte. The rest if ys live in the real world where there's not just an infinite range of greys but an infinite range of shades in all colours. We can't reduce an incredibly complex world to over-simplifications.
Actually the analogy is sound, and what you seem not to get yet again is that the DA relies on its middle class white voters. It does not have the black vote yet, and there is nothing in Mmusi's leadership to inspire this.  I would never pretend to be elected to speak on behalf of a whole group of people, least of all one I do not belong to though.  Here is an example of an entirely flawed analogy: Colonialism was like the holocaust.
The problen in America is not racial, Its cultural.   7 in 10 black youth are fatherless.    The breakdown of the family unit is the main problem nobody wants to talk about.
Support the alt left  and Antifia as our in sergeant group willing to take the fight against republicans. We will bring this down from the inside and ADN CNN and MSNBC will be our cameras to share it with the world. All we have to do is smear the republicans name in the dirt. Even if Martian Luther king was a black man, we democrats were able to get him assassinated. We can be stronger together and get others taken care of too. Democrats unite. We've been doing it since 2014... and we just have to continue pretending to dress up and smear the republicans.  The alt right campaigns everywhere are really just fake set up campaigns to smear the republicans in the ground. So far it's working. Women, lbgtq's  and blacks and are the easiest to make angry and fight for our takeover as democrats. We will use them to get republicans to hate themselves and their families and come to the left.
You've got this the wrong way round.  Agents of change have been the ones in control.  Remember: first black President, universal health care in the US, improved education standards, open borders, globalization.   Now, the Establishment have grabbed the reins and that's not a Revolution.  A counter-Revolution or re-institution of the 'status quo' is all this, as much as its progenitors might fancy that it is something else.
Ali was a great boxing talent, but he was also a draft dodger, part of a radical anti-American black muslim group,  a back stabbing opportunist who called Joe Frazier an "uncle Tom" despite the fact that Frazier had helped Ali while he was serving his suspension for refusing to serve his country.  Ali also was a proponent of racial separation (like the Ku Klux Klan and the Nazis).  He was one of many excellent boxers but he wasn't a great American... except in the eyes of the progressive radical left wing media.
Alaska Dispatch:  Why have you not continually reported on the Tennessee mass shooting at a church 4 days ago?  Your news article on it: https://www.adn.com/nation-world/2017/09/24/one-dead-six-injured-in-shooting-at-nashville-church/ . Was only posted for less than 8 hours and drew only 4 comments, at the time of this posting. . It is abundantly clear that the mainstream media is NOT reporting on this story to us because it does NOT fit their narrative:  the killer is black, he killed a predominantly white church, and he was stopped by a good guy with a gun: . This is what drove Alice Rogoff into the ground (besides her airplane): not knowing her customer.  If you won't report on it, then people will go to the outlets who ARE reporting on it: . http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/09/25/meet-the-good-guy-with-a-gun-who-stopped-a-mass-shooting-at-nashville-area-church/ . http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/09/27/tennessee-church-shooting-suspect-has-court-date-wednesday.html
" those in Nova Scotia are taught about how black people in their own province were enslaved," but not how blacks enslaved blacks in africa or how indians in canada enslaved other indians and blacks, not to mention the institutionalized racism in india, most middle eastern countries, and most asian countries? privilege of the majority is not a phenomenon unique to whites. in fact, "whites" seem to be the only "race" engaging minorities and confronting discrimination. whites, however, have always been an easy target because of the power and influence of the group.
Imagine now, two rooms, one filled with 20 black men and the other filled with 20 white men? Which one is more diverse? I can guess which one you’d suggest is the answer. Too bad the 20 black men are from an isolated Mississippi town and share very similar backgrounds, while the 20 white men are from various African states with extremely diverse backgrounds.   It’s easy to fall victim to a homogenized and polarized set of beliefs that lead to rationalizing misinformation, at the same time avoiding ideas and information that forces us to challenge our beliefs. Cinthia Ritchie, you are a product of this phenomenon, you resonate the ideas of someone living in an echo chamber. Perhaps, it’s time you reevaluate your flawed concept of diversity by challenging your beliefs and educating yourself in logic.  The color of one’s skin is not an absolute determinate of diversity, so stop treating it like it is.
As much as I love my hometown Seahawks, I just won't watch. The teams kneeling and black power raised fists just isn't cutting it for me. I'm done with them for good, especially with Bennett on the team. That "story" he told about what happened in Las Vegas was a lie but I haven't watched since he began kneeling. I can find better things to watch on do when NFL is on TV.
If you call a comment "civil" that the Civil Comments algorithm considers "uncivil", you get this solid black box with white font that says something like "Are you sure? You are being warned!" Get enough of those, and you get limited to one comment a day. Until the system or a moderator decides to give you a reprieve. It's what I call a black box warning. I have been "warned" over totally innocuous comments. Someone else was "warned" over a comment of "ddddd". It is totally arbitrary and capricious.
Why is this Manning person so keen to be a fellow at Harvard and to not be a fellow everywhere else?  Will another Obama favourite and traitor to his country Bowe Bergdahl be the next liberal cause celebre invited to be a visiting fellow at Harvard?  Is that one aging token conservative professor still allowed to lecture at this once distinguished institution or have Black Lives Matter and other radical student groups managed to force him out?  If Ontario Liberals dump Wynne to win the 2018 election, will Harvard give her a one year position on the faculty as they did with Dalton McGuinty in a successful move to get him out of Ontario during a new leader's election campaign?  (National) Enquiring minds want to know.
You are mistaken in your belief that "The Constitution was interpreted as not guaranteeing citizens (outside of "militia" members) the right to "carry arms" for two centuries, at least."  There was no question that individuals had the right to a weapon until the prohibition era. That's why there were never any rulings on the second, until "Miller" in 1939.   "Cruikshank" in 1875 only mentions the 2nd to say that it only applied to White men, and blacks could be disarmed.    There were no arguments leading or following the civil war that individuals couldn't own guns. No one ever filed suit to keep guns out of the hands of westerners, even when gunfighters "roamed."   The 2nd wasn't considered as any type of restriction until rum runners suddenly had more firepower than the Police with Tommy guns.   Miller was crafted in the wake of that period to rein in the mob's arming their foot soldiers.   Heller was crafted to restore rights that were historically taken for granted.   Out of space
Black Lives Matter is a great and much needed movement for social justice.  I don't know that Officer Wilson was "racist" -- a term that needs definition, in any case, before we wield it. Likely though he had a typical white person's bias, which is not the same as full-blown racism at all, by which we are spontaneously more mistrustful of a black person entering our view than of a white person. It's our conscious choices, regardless of that unconscious bias, which can determine whether or not we deserve to be called "racist."  Moreover, we should note that Wilson shot Brown when Brown was some distance from Wilson. There is a difference of interpretation of Brown's movements just then, whether he was approaching or withdrawing, whether or not he had his hands in the air. Nevertheless, he was not in direct contact with Wilson.
James Holmes kept a notebook, and wrote in it that he'd consider doing the shooting at DIA, but decided against it because of the likelihood of armed guards confronting him.  He chose the Aurora theater because he knew no one would have a gun there.  The day after the the shooting, I saw an interview broadcast just once, between a reporter and a young black woman in uniform, who was standing next to her friend when he was shot by Holmes and killed.  The reporter asked her, "Is there anything in your military training that might have enabled you to stop the shooter?"  She replied, "If you don't have a weapon, there's nothing you can do."  There were dozens of active duty military and veterans in that theater, all unarmed.  As far as I know, the media quit showing that interview after that one time.  Holmes was armed with a semi-automatic weapon.  The attendees at the theater should have been allowed to carry semi-automatic weapons to match his power.
Racist out comes don't have to motivated by a since of white superiority. Simple ignorance is all it takes. I worked in the public sector for 30 years in Eugene, often being the only black male in the office. I would not consider the vast majority of white folks I worked with to be conscious racists. However, the majority of them were ignorant about their own bias'. For example, they may say they hire people they feel comfortable with. However, since most of them never had a close black friend, they some how end up hiring only white folks. Of course, if they crew up in Idaho, how would they get to know any black people well enough to make friends? For example, I am the only black man to be a manager in the 100 year history of EWEB. For every one on those years EWEB was less than a mile from the UO. No one in management at EWEB think there is anything wrong or unusual with that reality. I would not be surprised if all public offices in Oregon have some degree of that blindness.
They didn't "fall in line" and as I recall, Chretien told GW Bush to take a hike on the Iraq invasion. No...if Harper was in power he'd go along, just as he supported torture and black sites.
Ivan, neither Helms or Thurmond were ever AG. How to I back up my facts about Holder and Lynch? Ivan, I can't, I won't and I don't have a second life, to reread to you, all of their sins since Obama took over. Just reading through Yahoo is enough evidence. You have to read it. But just for example, recently four blacks in Chicago were arrested for attacking a white voter whom the blacks accused of voting for Trump. There been no reaction from the DOJ. Now we all know for sure that if the color situation were reverse, and one black voter were beaten up by four whites because he voted for Hillary, that pet slave of Al Sharpton would be jumping through the loops to label this as a hate crime and violating federal voting laws. You know that. I know that. And just about everyone who read knows that. And that is just one out of hundreds of thousands of act of racism practice by Lynch and Holder. I am not white nor black, I am rather impartial in how I see things racially here.
Like Trumps idea of raising the minimum wage to $15.00 Nationwide, love those Pistol Packing Republicans, coming soon to the U.S. $20.  "I nebber see such a sight," said Harriet; "we laughed, an' laughed, an' laughed. Here you'd see a woman wid a pail on her head, rice a smokin' in it jus' as she'd taken it from de fire, young one hangin' on behind, one han' roun' her forehead to hold on, 'tother han' diggin' into de rice-pot, eatin' wid all its might; hold of her dress two or three more; down her back a bag wid a pig in it. One woman brought two pigs, a white one an' a black one; we took 'em all on board; named de white pig Beauregard, and de black pig Jeff Davis. Sometimes de women would come wid twins hangin' roun' der necks; 'pears like I nebber see so many twins in my life; bags on der shoulders, baskets on der heads, and young ones taggin' behin', all loaded; pigs squealin', chickens screamin', young ones squallin'." Harriet Tubman(R) Another Grand Old Party Classic.
Will the Oscars stop the La La Land hot streak because it's time for a black movie?
How does your comment advance any kind of useful  discourse Dr? O'Reilly' "bloviates" for TV market share and advertising. You are comparing people who are fighting for their lives to a well paid manipulator and spin doctor? People shouting "Black lives matter!" are speaking loudly and clearly because of all the evidence that points to it needing to be said.
One of the latest black men shot in Baton Rouge was wearing a blue police uniform and was shot by a black man who drove from Kansas City, Missouri to do it.
walk a mile in my shoes...I'm black and rich... watch the video...and get back to me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k_kIpxfWxA  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeOUty4SWvI
So, you see it as a sign that they chose to 'disrepect the flag'. They see it as free speech to draw attention to the fact that black people are being killed by police officers at a 600% higher rate than white people.  about your "Its only pissing off half the country" remark. the people that get pissed about it should be getting pissed that innocent civilians are getting shot by out of control law enforcement. Imagine if they put their effort into that, what a difference it would make.
Some valid commentary here - pity the author had to resort to racial mud-slinging. That is the problem with the majority of ANC commentary - the commentator has a valid point and then brings in white-bashing which tends to invalidate it.  When you can get that massive chip off your shoulder and stop treating a tree like a fence and realise that the future of black South African's is not dependent on their comparison to "white men" maybe we can move forward as a nation as one to solve the problems we all face.
The outpost in Bosnia where Clinton landed was  a potential combat zone, one of the most dangerous places that US forces were operating, at that time. They had to undergo a special landing because of the "threat of sniper fire" and were made to wear helmets and bulletproof vests.  Upon landing,  no sniper fire actually occurred,  so she seemed to be recalling the danger of that landing.  This minor misstatement pales in comparison to something truly egregious - like  Trump denying that he sexually assaulted  women, even after he was caught on tape bragging about it, and after 12 women came forward to testify that he assaulted them. He has also denied that he refused to rent his apartment buildings to blacks (when there is proof that he did, even litigation), and to stiffing his contractors, many of whom have come out publicly to tell their story. He still won't show us his taxes.   Please put things into perspective.
When members of BLM stand in the middle of downtown Toronto, calling Trudeau a white supremacist, calling for armed revolt in Quebec and calling for the armed confiscation of farmlands in Canada, yet not one opinion piece has called out that vitriolic hate speech while a few white guys peacefully attending a protest in the face of an increasingly hostile crowd draws the kind of response we've seen for this very paper, it is pretty clear that there is a level of hypocrisy and a blatant double standard in popular thinking on this subject. The white guys are about to have their careers ruined while black activists who implore their followers to violent action garner government funding and political clout.
Actually, Mike, the destruction of the "black family" began with the actions of Woodrow Wilson, and his own support of the original goal of planned parenthood, within that said original goal was to eliminate the black "race".  Between the end of our own civil war, and the beginning of Wilson's term, 'race' relations were improving unto the extent that ANY individual, regardless of pigment, was allowed to achieve, through their own merits, whatever success they could muster within their own efforts.  And then came along Woodrow Wilson, a racist, a eugenist, and guess what, a Democrat, just as all the prominent Democrats before him.  The ones that founded the KKK.  The ones that fought against freedom unto blacks.  I know that this is no longer taught within public education, as it is not politically correct, but it is nonetheless true.  It is the Democrat, or Liberal mind-set that denigrates those of what 'they' deem as a 'minority', and expect, without question, their support.  Why?
No sputtering here from me here. There are all sorts of procedures in place already to keep the extremist elements out of Canada. and laws to deal with them if they sneak in.  Leitch knows this, she's pandering, and you know that she is.  And who is this Canadian 'us' you're talking about? Does that include the Catholics who ran the residential schools in Alberta? And those spouting the horrifically anti-woman, -black, -gay etc. stuff I see online today? The lawbreaking Canadians?  Don't throw out a line like 'ordinary Canadians' without saying what that means. That's Leitch's trick when she says Canadian values. If you can't define your terms, you're hiding something.
The African slave trade is still an on going reality in Muslim nations across Africa and the Middle East. It is in the Koran that black Africans are only slaves. In Arabic the words African and slave are the same. The west ended slavery 200 years ago for all the thanks we get.
To me, while the direct victims are of great consequence, the more important thing is to not allow the use of such weapons to become normalized. It does worry me anytime a state breaks the law. You could say "the state must always act within the law and this would be correct/desirable, but what if that results in some states increasingly reporting to chemical or biological weapons because allowing this to pass without a direct and near immediate response emboldens the whack jobs of the world? You could say breaking with international law of this is defensible because for a host of reasons, but what if the result is that states increasingly ignore the law?  There is simply no black and white, right or wrong answer in my opinion.
Donald Trump doesn't care about kneeling, or sitting or standing, or even singing the National Anthem, which almost nobody does anyway, relegating its performance instead to a soloist blaring into a microphone. This whole tempest in a teapot was designed for one purpose and one purpose only: to shore up Trump's rabid racist base. And that can only mean one thing: the noose Robert Mueller's been carefully wrapping around Trump's fat orange neck must be getting awfully tight.  Steve Bannon may no longer occupy an office in the White House but it's clear his former boss is still heeding his counsel when Bannon said, “Let the grassroots turn on the hate, because that’s the ONLY thing that will make them do their duty" (support Trump.) And so we get a Twitter war over kneeling during the National Anthem by mostly black athletes.   There's a reason this whole brouhaha began in Alabama.
I grew up on a Sesame Street .... was named Sesame Street because we had White, Black and Hispanic kids playing together back there between our back yards and the Moose Lodge... The borough yard employees carefully watched for kids all the time as they rolled into and out of work.  Was a great area until Tudor Rd blazed through....
Republicans are all about short term personal gains ... planning and preparing for the worst is too expensive for em, no personal gain.  Deficits don't matter unless a black man is President. All Republicans care about is making stacks of cash now for themselves at any cost ... nature exists for them to exploit profit rape and use to the max... let someone else pay THE FULL LONG TERM TAB ... pass the buck to their children n grandchildren.  They got theirs everyone else TREAD WATER since pounding sand can't be done through 10 feet of water.
Oh please,  it's hard enough already deciding where to vacation without getting into politics.  "Now let's see, this County doesn't allow abortion on demand, and that county has a white police chief in a predominately black  county , and that State was in the Confederacy  so maybe .."   So where does it end with your nonsense?
There's nothing civil or respectful with antifa and black lives matter by that definition. Will these two groups go away if opposed. The KJK has been around for centuries now. Keeping them in check is both a social and legal obligation, not an opinion or censorship. You can't say one of these groups are bad and the other isn't. They both really need to go away.
Yes you are absolutely right.  Gun restrictions/prohibitions were first passed in the South following the Civil War and were aimed directly at blacks as the Klan and other racists did not want blacks to have the means to fight back when the Klan and their sympathizers came calling to have a neck tie party.  In fact what triggered the Revolutionary war was the attempt by the British to arrest known rebels and to confiscate their arms and munitions.  Tensions were already high due to the Crown's taxation of the colonists  (taxation without representation) and move to require that all transactions by the colonists be made with British currency.  Up to then, the colonists had their own currency of various kinds. The ride of Paul Revere and others were to warn the rebels that the Red coats were coming. The pattern followed by all who intend to institute total control. subjugation  and dictatorial rule is to first confiscate/ seize/prohibit possession of weapons of all kinds.
Well I'm glad you admitted they are racist statues.  Now can I ask you what your plan is to help Baltimore? Or are you feeling making you want to just scream at the top of your lungs "but but but black on black crimes!"  Anyone that is against removing racist statues at this point is either racist or uneducated. Sorry :(
I think of Emmett Till frequently.   I was very young when he was so savagely murdered, and was not aware of the story until I was older.  For me, Emmett Till is the face of white brutality toward black people prior to the civil rights movement.   What a horrifying, heartbreaking page in history.   The memorial placed where his body was pulled from the river was severely damaged recently.    I'm not sure I believe in progress.  Certainly we have progressed in some ways.  But in others it seems to me we have merely turned our attention and destruction elsewhere.  I have given up hope in some ways, in others not so much.  I don't have a lot of hope that human beings will be better in the future, or that humans will survive what we have done to the planet.  But I'm pretty sure spiritual realities exist, that gives me peace.
The government excise tax, PST, GST has yet to be included in the price of the product .  If Washington and Colorado are to be used as examples the cost will not go down substantially when you add in these costs.  And like all other products like this (alcohol and tobacco) it is in the government's best interest to have a high "sin tax".  However, not too high as this will push consumers to support a continued black market.
Why bring in racial if not racist attitudes to this? It had nothing to do with Black Lives Matter.
A lot of members of the gay community will be boycotting Pride this year unless the Board reverses this absolutely catastrophic decision, BLM has absolutely no business dictating to and imposing its will upon another organization for it own political/activist agenda.  This is a classic case of an event/organization trying to be all things to all people and the Pride Board really needs to wake up and choose its allies carefully. The police and their numerous police services in Ontario have been a wonderful and joyful presence at Pride over the years with their outreach information booths and colourful floats, and now the gay community wants to destroy all of this because of another group's naked aggression and coercion? What an irony: imagine if the gay communuity tried to impose its will upon Toronto's Caribbean Festival Parade, I can only imagine the reaction from the black community. And what about the state of gay rights in the majority of Caribbean and African countries??
It wouldn't necessarily cause 'intolerable scandal'.  It might cause people to make choices according to their consciences.  Your conscience will say male priests only and you can choose a Mass with a male priest.  Others are not so black/white, male/female, slave/owner, Jew/Gentile and will not care, much less be scandalized.
According to the latest statistics, 39.8 percent of welfare takers are white people, and about the same for blacks. The rest is divided among Hispanics, Asians, and other foreign born folks. Alaska Natives don't even show up on the charts….most of us are doing well, thanks to our Native-run Native corporations that also do well. And good educational opportunities to boot.
That's the problem,MLK has been forgotten by those that he was leading,when died the dream died with him,Jackson,sharpton,Farrakhan,and other black people with them perverted what mlk stood for,and became the voice of the people,they systematically changed the narrative that mlk of judge by content of character,to judged by the color of there skin,between them and the congressional black caucus,have destroyed the black family,they have complete control over these communities,they don't want there people to see the damage they have done,this is all on the democrat party and rhino republicans.
Hi Paul,  The easy answer is, no I don't think blacks are genetically pre-disposed to violence.  I am also not saying that we should only look at black on black violence, but black on black violence is drastically out of proportion to other ethnicities in small to mega urban areas.  And to use a military term that should be our main effort at decreasing to a societal acceptable level.  If we don't believe genetics is the cause then it has to be nurture/societal, there is no way around that.  So we are back to what is causing it and how do we decrease it.  Another question to ask is when (or is it a myth?) did black on black violence become so out of proportion to other ethnicity violence and why?   I think Michelle Alexander's “The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness” may be a place to begin to look for some answers.  I also think Lynn's posts below are on to something.
So you do have some logic here, but it has some problems. Take affirmative action for example. Now I think the civil rights movement and what it accomplished was one of the brighter moments in our nations history, like many liberals do. I even think affirmative action had it's place. But like a number on both sides of the debate, I  might ask how long we need to continue AA? Does that make me a racist for asking the question? Does that mean I hate blacks because I think other programs might create more equality? Of course not.  It sounds as though you are suggesting if we don't fully support all the requests of said people group, we are guilty as sin of hating them. Slippery slope in reverse? And no, we at Imago, for the hundredth time, are not scared (phobic) of gays.
Obvious those non-govt racist Quebecois on trial in the govt human rights for not renting to the massive immigration must be getting fed up with the fallen angel attack on Versailles culture.  Montreal Conderre ex-minister of immigration like his black Somali counterpart.  The end of white French Quebec, spiritual suicide assisted by the fallen angels.
nope just pointing out the fact that nobody in the Denver Police or the Denver Post is calling this a hate crime, but outraged whites is like hoe dare a black man kill a white man and I simply state that white men have been killing us, they wives, and kids a long time in America. Then he writes up all the data and convinced you that black lives don't matter still. Why would we have to even say black lives matter on t shirts and poster boards if we wasn't going thru something as deep this. My sons are bi Racial sooo.... Sorry your data is wrong😂😅
All victims of crimes are overwhelmingly victimized by their own race/ethnicity.    The point that more blacks are victimized by other blacks loses all substance when  the same can be said of all races and ethnicities in the US.   All white victims of crime are victimized a large majority of the time by other white people, too.
Wavemaker, maybe initially they were until the backlash went way beyond what they expected. I have read that killing old religious black folks in a church was not worth the backlash that ended up costing these white racists far more then what they bargain for. I am sure they expected some backlash but not at the scale it went.
Just out of curiosity, what color were the people who were robbing you and chasing you down the street? Also, what does the lynching of blacks a few hundred years ago have to do with your current rant?
Racism is not the same thing as bigotry.  Bigotry is more of an individual feeling whereas racism is a social structure. Racism results when bigots have power.  There's a long history of white bigots in power in the USA, and hence of white racism. And it is UGLY.  There's no equivalent history of black racism, not even close.  It wouldn't be normal for individual black folks NOT to feel a certain ill will towards white folks.  But that's not the same thing as having black supremacists in power and civil codes laden with anti-white laws and regulations that enforce black supremacy   If you think that there is legal black supremacy in the USA  you're simply expressing your unhappiness over the calling out of white privilege and the nominal advancement of civil rights and racial justice.
What part of state sponsored brutality, including murder of children, don't you understand? The criminals you describe are hunted everyday by our tax payer financed muscle, the police. What should we do when the state sponsored muscle acts like the the gangs they hunt, This country revolted over taxation with out representation. The police have never considered protecting and serving black people a priority for them.
I personally don't use the term "white privilege" or its equivalent "black bourgeois" because they are imprecise and have an insulting edge to them. At the same time, it is, I think, foolish to deny the data which show that people born with certain ethnic, cultural and economic backgrounds are more likely to achieve certain outcomes. Certainly, America today has come far enough toward its ideals of social equity that most of what any individual achieves is due to their individual effort and ability, but it is unrealistic (I think) to think that one's background has nothing to do with it. I was fortunate to be born to parents with certain assets and values, and that contributed to who I am and what I have achieved. What  is the point of questioning this reality or calling it "racist" to recognize it and seek to understand it?
No matter the eventual reasoning that may come to light, I won't believe it. Some people simply want to hurt, and destroy, and kill, and will convince themselves of whatever they need in order to feel justified. Black men are 21 times more likely to be killed by the police than I, and though there are many reasons for the discrepancy the fact remains that's a horrific statistic that needs to be dealt with. However there's no way you're going to convince me that shooting a bunch of random family men in the back is any way forwards. This wasn't an act of protest, or justice, or even revenge, just some people wanting the rush of a kill and talking themselves into it. Much the same as a lot of shooters and terrorists today. Such a waste of life on both sides.
This is hilarious.. When the Democrats and Obama tried to do the same thing in Israel working against Bibi N. I don't think the left even knows the kettle is black.. but it makes great FakeNews.
You know people "used to" think the world is flat-Trump originally said the wrong thing by mentioning "muslims" in his attempt to describe who needed to be banned. When will the media update their story to reflect what the real intent of the ban is? To keep the terrorist from these countries out. Whether their Muslims, Catholics, Protestants, black, white, green, gay, straight, women, men, aunties.......get my drift? The media is the divisive component to where we are now as a society.
Sooner trump is out of office the better. The guy acts like a spoiled brat if he doesn't get his way. He pouts and whines. He is a reality star as president. Might as well have a Kardashian as president. Heck they are better business people then the slumlord Donald Trump who only has money because of his daddy. Another POS. Since Trump elected more and more racial people are coming out and showing their racist side. Not all people from Mexico commit crimes. Actually more crimes in this country are committed by Americans.im sure if you Trump people got your way and got all Hispanic people out of the country that you would then target black people to leave. You trump people just want a white America and its disgusting. America was built off a melting pot of cultures. Its what made us great. Trump and his supporters want a white only America but yall to cowards to say it even though the rest of us knows that what you want
Are you kidding? 99% of the chronic thieves busted in my place of work are white. The other 1% are Alaska native or mixed. We've seen 2 black persons busted in a year. That doesn't even budge the dial. It's almost always, every time, some strung-out junkie, either on heroin or meth, and invariably white, with sores all over their faces and necks, picking at the scabs on their hands or between their fingers, every place they've been shooting up all abscessed and nasty. 'Minorities' at my work tend to be courteous and polite. Wish that would rub off a bit on some of the 'white folk' who shop there....
The melting pot never existed. It was a fantasy to make white people feel good about themselves. Black people have been here longer than most white families. We have never been allowed to melt in, by law and practice.
POLITICS  the Gay pride organizers played politics and lost  the Parade is about gay pride  they distracted us from the message of gay Pride by inviting Black lives matter as the Honoured group last year  serves them right for pushing a political agenda
This is reverse discrimination! If Blacks are proud of their heritage than why cant whites be also just as proud of their heritage without being called a white supremacist? I thought it was supposed to be all for one and one for all! As far as I am concerned unless this practice by Amazon is changed to include all then I will encourage all my family and friends and anyone who will listen to BOYCOTT AMAZON!!! What Amazon is doing is pandering to the PC Left and they will lose a lot of business! My wife and I buy frequently from Amazon but NOT anymore until they come to their senses! Obviously they have absolutely no backbone andif they stab us in the back they will be sorry! WRONG IS WRONG!!!
Distraction from what Rep. Cummings? From the fact that you and other Congressional Black Caucus members haven't done a thing for Black Americans except incite their anger and resentment of white Americans, while every one of you were busily stuffing millions of dollars into your pockets?
Another Commenter for Hire, most people hyped on history that is favored toward them. Blacks will continued to hype slavery and Jim Crow at white people for example. Americans may forever hype Pearl Harbor and World War II conduct of Japanese against the people of Japan. That is regurgitation the past. Endless retyping of past wrongs. I studied history so I understand that the nation that can move forward, are the nations that will avoid the mistakes of the past. Just look at Germany for example after World War I. They totally regurgitated on how they lost that war and refused to learn from it. This hype of what they see as a historical wrong done to them, led to the rise of Hitler and World War II. A lot of people can't simply let go. They regurgitate old wrongs over and over as if it happened yesterday and not 50 years ago or 75 years ago or 150 years ago.  Many Americans still can't let go and that get redundant. "Are we still fighting the Civil War?" is a fine example here.
The son of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali was detained for hours by immigration officials earlier this month at a Florida airport, according to a family friend.  Muhammad Ali Jr., 44, and his mother, Khalilah Camacho-Ali, the second wife of Muhammad Ali, were arriving at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport on Feb. 7 after returning from speaking at a Black History Month event in Montego Bay, Jamaica. They were pulled aside while going through customs because of their Arabic-sounding names, according to family friend and lawyer Chris Mancini.  Immigration officials let Camacho-Ali go after she showed them a photo of herself with her ex-husband, but her son did not have such a photo and wasn't as lucky.   Mancini said officials held and questioned Ali Jr. for nearly two hours, repeatedly asking him, "Where did you get your name from?" and "Are you Muslim?"
You're a piece of work, Art, one who sings the praises of Fort Pillow's war criminal, KKK Grand Wizard, General Nathan Bedford Forrest. He was so despicable that after the 2015 massacre in the Charleston church by a white supremacist, the City Council of Memphis voted to remove his statue AND his  remains from the park named for him in 1905, just as his name had earlier been removed from the park itself. The blacks and their officers were shot down, bayoneted and put to the sword in cold blood. Out of four hundred negro soldiers only about twenty survive! At least three hundred of them were destroyed AFTER the surrender!"  said Rebel General Chalmers. Forrest became a millionaire before the Civil War, selling thousands of human beings in his “Negro Mart.” One ad for Forrest’s business said, “We will pay the highest cash price for all good Negroes offered.” It promised potential buyers “a lot of Virginia Negroes on hand, for sale, in the fall. Negroes bought and sold on commission.”
Police officers are not trained to be clairvoyant.   But they are expected to be psychics when they confront a black guy waving a gun at 4AM,  and just know he is  is harmless despite all the yelling and screaming.
Wente makes a small point, but then spoils it with her bizarre political insights. She figures that T rump may not actually be half bad. She doesn't mention that he is a dirty climate change Denier. Wente is probably one too. She admires the virile masculinity of Rex Tillerson, who makes John Kerry look like a "eunuch". Earth to Wente: you're supposed to be talking politics here, not who you are attracted to. She thinks he doesn't hate blacks or Mexicans. She ignores that his promised actions will actually hurt millions of Mexicans. I guess Wente has it figured out that actions don't count, but only intentions.  As for Hitler, Wente doesn't get that NOBODY is saying he is identical to Hitler; but rather that he espouses many of the same fascist beliefs and has many similarities.   My firm belief is that 9 out of 10 wente columns are terrible. This is one of the 9.
Don't think all black gay guys agree with BLM.  But because of the colour of their skin they are ignored by  media politicians and even BLM.
Shannyn suckered me in with her trip down memory lane .  I grew up about the same time as her---then she flipped a switch--just like these killers do.  First and most important , this guy passed the regulations to get his gun .  When I bought my assault rifle with my 30 round clips , I passed the test too.  The real fact is that gun laws won't stop mass killings. Look at Chicago where blacks slaughter each other by the dozens every week and authorities can't stop it. Black Lives Matter's don't even try . Look at the school shooting , where the kid took his mom's guns. Consider the stats-- over 250 million gun owners across America hurt no one last night , week , or year.  How is the NRA using dirty money ? I'm a dues paying member and I earned my money to give to them that they are using .  My gun isn't for a war--it's for an emergency.  If a group attacks my home , like they do across America when court rulings don't go a certain way---my home won't get burned , nor my neighbors.
We "progressives" just want you to think critically that's all... in the same vein the pope encourages dialogue, openness, maturity and the like. If the old forms work for you that's fine, I guess, but trads need to understand we don't live in a static world and that includes religious and cultural norms...doesn't mean you have to compromise your values but liturgies, rules, disciplines, etc., these are all subject to change, growth, maturity, etc. Black and white thinking is dangerous for the very reason you and others demonstrate here on a daily basis. You can't seem to acknowledge the facts of the matter (RCism is changing and evolving before your very eyes) because you are wedded to the rubrics of "tradition" as if it were faith itself. While you are free to believe this way, I denounce it because in my view you have substituted Rome-centered rules/rites/rituals for the ever-changing ethos within which authentic faith is grounded. Old forms don't last forever and RC is not exempt.
Of course she would say that.  What's next?  There is already a female Star Wars star, female Marvel star, etc, etc.  And there ae a multitude of Black programiing.  There are many genders/sexual preferences and ethnicities to go.
"Oh...and Manual High School is around 94% non-white and has one of the largest concentration of Black students in all of the state of Colorado."--That's not what you said, though.  You said that it was a "predominantly black-populated" high school.  They're not even close to predominant there; Hispanic kids are. So now you're shifting the goal posts because you made an inaccurate claim.
I suspect someone who is 80 and Black might ask, "comes to America"? Or someone who lived in Vietnam during the war years and saw hundreds of thousands of her fellow citizens killed by American bombs might ask, "comes to America"? Or the tens of thousands who died during Bush's Shock and Awe campaign, terrified of American missiles and bombs, might ask, "comes to America"? Kagan is writing to those who have profited from American international fascism, and who profited from the exporting of jobs that has now terrified the Republican base. I am reading of the formation of America through the thoughts and actions of Madison and Jefferson, and am a little surprised how much they would agree with Kagan, that the elite just has to be protected against the masses. Madison especially was adamant that power be kept from the poor. Of course, he and Jefferson were terrible slaveholding murdering fascists who kept fellow humans in chains so that they could get rich.  Hugh Massengill, Eugene
You doth protest too much, dude. I've watched your comments and likes over the past few years. Rarely is an idea prized highly by the alt-right neo-nazis posted on this comment area without getting your your co-sign. Rarely do you ever side on "liberty" unless it's for conservative white guys. If you aren't a Republican, you sure do a good job of being a Republican shill, especially where you can score anti-black, white nationalist points.
Thankfully we live in a country where people do what is right and what the Constitutions says, not just what’s popular with the mob. If we followed your logic above, we’d still have whites and blacks drinking from separate water fountains. Protests for social justice aren’t supposed to be comfortable. In fact, just the opposite. And when you write that you are contented only when the players don’t “act up” it shows you don’t treat these people like grown men, and think certain types of people have different rights than you. They don’t.
Some 88% of African-American voters supported Clinton, but 93% supported Obama. And the total number of African-American voters declined.  https://www.seymourinstitute.com/open-letter.html  25 African-American religious leaders and activists,  sent a letter to Hillary Clinton expressing frustration and concern over her staunch support of the abortion industry and the LGBT community's quest to restrict religious liberty during the two weeks before the election.  "For political leaders to call for changes in citizens' beliefs is reminiscent of totalitarianism. In our view, such a proposal constitutes a denial of our religious freedom. The vast majority of black churches hold biblical teaching, which is eternal, as authoritative for doctrine and practice. Abortion is the deliberate destruction of a human life in its most vulnerable state."  She declined to respond.
They are in a position to do this for other black people who are being treated unfairly.   Some of them have experienced it themselves.   It's naive to think that everyone is equal in this country when racism persists.  Following the OJ Simpson verdict in 1995:   “So many white brothers and sisters are living in a state of denial in terms of how deep white supremacy is seated in their culture and society,” the scholar and social critic Cornel West says. “Now we recognize that in a fundamental sense we really do live in different worlds.” In that respect, the reaction to the Simpson verdict has been something of an education. The novelist Ishmael Reed talks of “wealthy white male commentators who live in a world where the police don’t lie, don’t plant evidence—and drug dealers give you unlimited credit.”   So a football player finally makes a statement in his protest.   Good for him.  It's past time.
It is interesting to me that President Trump,who has received awards from Blacks for his generosity, is now being vilified because Democrats, the Defenders of Slavery and Jim Crow, lost an election.
I was a stay at home dad,  my wife  earned more than me and most other people  because she worked in info tech and was skilled.. I believe that people should be paid fairly. The real problem is not the gender gap but the income gap with too many people who are low income. We could ask why most teachers and nurses are women and why they are paid so well or why daycare workers are paid so little for such an important job. Women's rights or gay rights or black rights just detracts from the important issue of equality for all regardless of sex or race. Equality should not mean that every person has the same but that everyone has the basics and the opportunity to try. We need to make sure that every person has the necessities and all children have a safe environment and the opportunity to do their best. Maybe we should have laws that force people to shop at stores that have wage equality or force people to sell their services for a set price. Would that be equality.
I find it interesting the RG did not run a single story about the hate crime committed in Chicago.  Did I miss it?  Can't find it via their search option.  My guess is it doesn't find into the Liberal Global Elitist narrative of Trump = evil and black = oppressed, so it wasn't deemed worthy.
The Democrats are good at blaming others for their election failures.  They know the rules, they understand politics, they simply lose.   Don't complain, train.  Dems  inability to address black inner city communities in meaningful ways that  improve the safety, education, jobs, crime/violence should be termed a 'failure'.   Do I tend to think Democrats are more empathetic to issues involving party and the very real need for assistance, yes I do .   Do I think they have done a great job in addressing those, no I don't.  Good intentions can not cover up the continuing crisis in our black inner city communities.  So we are stuck aren't we Charles?  We have Dems  who show empathy and compassion for black communities but programs that fail to remove the problems. The we have Republicans who don't recognize the completely unequal level of opportunities facing poor communities and/or the racial bigotry that says 'not our problem'.  I'd love to hear your opinion on what could be done.
I think you're lost. Not on topic at all. Btw, you're wrong about why we are celebrating Ms Manual's achievements. She is the first black woman to win gold in the Olympics as a swimmer. Did you know Joyce Dandridge, a black actress, once dipped her toes into a swimming pool and the owner had all the water drained because Ms. Dandridge dared to put her little black foot into it? We've come a long way, baby. Well, some of us anyway.
Funny. If I said the same thing about black people after Obama got elected - twice - I'd be a racist....Not the people that voted for him only because he is black.
Judge Judy had a  black drug dealer in her court who pleaded that he had to sell drug because he was poor.  She countered that he is not selling drug because he is poor, but that he is poor because he is selling drugs.  Liberals would believe the young drug dealer and weep for  how he suffered.
Yes, I can.  I think Americans are privileged to live in a country where just about anyone can rise through economic and social strata; where someone like me, an hispanic living in poverty at an early age, can see his father rise in fortune and esteem through sheer force of character and intelligence; where a black fatherless kid can grow up to be President, with most of his votes coming from whites; where slavery was eradicated because enough men died to end it; where the black daughter of a janitor can grow up to be a respected lawyer; where civil rights laws make race and sex discrimination illegal; where the dominant view on race is that we should judge people by the content of their character rather than the color of their skin; and where even an spoiled ingrate like Kaepernik gets a microphone.  If you don't feel privileged to be here, this country is too good for you.  Tell us, where would you feel more privileged to live, and why do you not live there? Same for the rest of you.
See if this helps:  Read the summary prepared by the UN of systemic racism that exists to this day in Canada that, unlike in the U.S., is never discussed or even acknowledged.  Then ask yourself if the mere fact that black racism, while it permeates every Canadian institution according to outside evaluators while your entire society and government look the other way is justification for your smug yet virtuous persona.    https://beta.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/un-council-to-discuss-report-on-anti-black-racism-in-canada/article36376663/
“Black Lives Matter began as a lie.”  Just like Mueller’s Investigation against Trump.  EVERYBODY KNOWS that, right after the delegates were counted, John Podesta and Robbie Mook came up wth THE LIE that Trump was working with the Russians.  It’s not a secret.  You can look it up on Google.
So if you happen to come into possession of something thru no fault of your own that was stolen, you shouldn't have to return it or make reparations? How convenient for you. And my point was its ironic for someone to scream about respect for the Indians when the preferred term- by them- is Native Americans. It is about as tone deaf as it would be to say 'negro lives matter.'
Yes, they really did hate America because the President was Black. And their answer was to elect an ignorant, whinny, narcissistic, bigoted, misogynist, racist, adulterous, lying, money laundering thief. As opposed to Obama; educated, hard working, well read, empathetic, caring, outstanding husband and father, who cared about others, not just himself. What is even sadder is when such people defend Trump. Nothing about him, his actions, or his presidency is defend-able.
CleanupEugene, good question about honoring  Eugene's first WHITE people. 1. We sometimes  have a celebration, with dramatization, honoring the birthday of EUGENE  Skinner, considered our first White Eugenean. Check with the Lane Co. Historical Society as to when the next one might be.    Also check the markers identifying Skinner's 1846 home site on Skinner Butte. In fact with your interest in history you might want to join the LCHS.   2. There are several historic signs around the Skinner cabin replica describing the first emigrants from  the Applegate Trail, including Jim Collins, Harrison  Turnidge and Samuel Ruth as the first true Eugeneans, having spent the winter of 1846-47 in Skinner's new cabin.  If you're really interest in honoring them I'd be happy to meet you there. 3. Our celebration of Oregon's birthday Tuesday is the commemoration of an all-white government. 4. We can honor both white and black pioneers  as well as the Kalapuya--there is no limit on mutual respect.
You're right that cities need a robust agricultural sector. The problem is the robust agricultural sector needs far fewer rural Americans and this trend will continue as technology advances exponentially.   The fact is that increasingly the relationship is becoming more one sided, we need far fewer rural folks to feed the cities and farming and farm related jobs are going the way of coal mining, obsolete. Cities are the financial engine of the country. This is not baiting, it is fact. Yet when I go back to visit the family in Iowa, they still view us as the "takers." I don't begrudge my tax dollars going to help rural communities, it does bother me that those on the receiving end not only deny this, they believe it is them paying for the "lazy" inner city dwellers, who in the mind of my dad, and some relatives, are all brown and black people. Granted, the opinions of those from my part of Iowa are my anecdotal experience but they do keep reelecting Steve King.
Actually, I don't keep saying that for the simple reason that I have never said that, Motleycrew.  But let's look at what you seem to be saying, that black people kill 6-year-old girls because their daddies aren't in the right gang.  Is that all black people, or just the 52% of them?  Are you in fact willing to condemn all black people for your questionable statistics?
"The suspect is described as a white male in his 20s, approximately 5’7” tall, and thin. He was seen wearing a black baseball hat, gray hoodie, and light blue jeans. There is no description of who was driving the getaway car." -ktuu    Is that the diversity you had in mind?
"...Indeed! Then neither do my opinions have anything to do with hate. And I'm a Democrat too. And a black nun...." God Bless America, Sept. 25, 2017
I've been thinking about what Republicans want from health care, aside from robbing a black man of his accomplishment.   It's important to remember that in the House, especially, a lot of them are not very bright.
States rights and white supremacy are not mutually exclusive. The state right that was being defended was the right to enslave black people for fun and profit. Today many states want the right to treat certain members of our nation as 2nd class citizens. For example, men can have what ever kind of healthcare they think they need. Their only limitation is whether or not they can afford the health care they want. Women don't have that right in many states. Another  right that is not the same for all Americans is the right to own guns under the 2nd Amendment. Our white domestic terrorists are allowed to walk around in public armed while black people are killed for the mere suspicion of being armed. The United States are not that united. We clearly don't share the same morality from state to state. The truth is all lives don't matter here. They never have. We will never be united until we make all lives matter.
"...rebel side in the Civil War, fought over the issue of slavery." While slavery was definitely part of it, the Civil War was NOT fought over slavery, but as most wars tend to be, money and power.  While people like Abraham Lincoln opposed slavery itself, a whole host of the others in the North wanted the war to take full control of the south and its riches.  Meanwhile the South wanted none of that.   Let's get historical facts straight, folks, instead of making sweeping statements like that in our national newspaper.  Having said that, I'm not 100% sure what to think.  The heinous practice of slaver y is at the heart of the black/white divide in the States, I think,  And it doesn't seem to be healing, if anything, it's festering.  Symbols of it can pour fuel on the fire.  Should people - non-black - in the South have the symbols of their war and cultural pride taken down?  Is that fair to them? Is it fair to the black Americans to keep seeing those symbols?
Ah yes, the ol' "my religion tells me it's wrong so I'm pulling my support" excuse. It's always ironic when those same people apparently don't care if a leader is divorced, has tattoos, eats shellfish, or wears mixed fiber clothing.   Joey would have been the same type of person in the 50's to use religion to protest black Americans in the scouts. It's not a religious belief, it's a pick and choose method of bigotry using religion as a convenient shield.
Interesting??? No.!  Obama ran for office on the premise that he was a black man.  He was not a woman and he was black.  He had very little more going for him than that.  He is and was a racist and a sexist.  Obama then had to temper his persona by reversing his position on other divisive issues like gay rights.  Trump does not carry these divisive traits and he serves all of the people without regard to whatever demographic affiliation they cater to.  Obama ran on a promise of change and what little change he actually made is not generally acceptable to the American people.  President Trump has already initiated more more change in six months than Obama did in eight years.  America is once again a world leader, the economy is turning around, we are on a path of less social ranker and violence, we are on a path (albeit slow) to providing Americans health care, all thanks to President Trump and no thanks to his dis tractors like Mr. Schwab.
And do it in the 50s when public schools for blacks were horrible, so whites can get a leg up.
Trump is a lot of things, but there is no basis to equate him  or many of his voters with belonging to the KKK. That is as hateful as they claim Trump is being. And beyond divisive. Are blacks and hispanics who voted for Trump KKK members?!?
I'm having a hard time believing that you feel bad because the black population isn't a good bit higher.  Perhaps the reason there are so many black abortions and there are a higher number of "abortion clinics" in black neighborhoods is because many black women are poorer than their white counterparts.  Discrimination will do that to you.
I think its very possible that every culture has and experiences racism on some level.  Whether white or native, or black or Indian.  I believe that to overcome something that on a basic level is a mental disease it takes an entire society.  Its important for people to realize that not just one culture experiences judgments based on their looks, culture or race.  We all do.  I hope that more people teach their children not to be affected by racism but more so that they teach them not to judge others based on race, culture, or looks.    The ideals of "don't judge a book by its cover" should be spread more often.
Will ScotiaBank be sponsoring Toronto Pride in 2017 , now that Black Lives Matter is calling the shots?
Unfortunately this is another article by government functionaries completely devoid of reasoned argument. All this is, is a historical overview of ANC policy, with a claim about Trevor Manuel tacked on to it. In addition, it took me all of 2 minutes to find factual errors. The 1904 census claims a 67% percent black population, not 95%. Just Google it. If the writer can't be bothered to get such a simple thing right, how can I believe the rest of it?
I guess what I'll remember about Obama's reign is:  --  Pulled US soldiers out of Iraq and now is putting them back in; escalated the war in Afghanistan and has no plans to leave; carrying on a drone war in so many countries I can't remember. Loves that American Empire.  --  Invited Wall Street bankers into his cabinet to run his economic program.  --  Worked with Congress to set up an overly complicated health insurance system using tax money to subsidize insurance companies, when he could have tried to set up a much simpler and cheaper single-payer system.  --  Our first half-black president, I can't see what he has done to reduce racism, except for being a symbol. Ditto on classism and inequality. Where is a new labor policy, a higher minimum wage, etc.?  --  Is still pushing trade bills to help the corporations protect their profits  and move American jobs to other countries with cheaper labor.  All that seems cold.  With Hillary Clinton I expect to see more of the same.
Man, I'd love to meet you, I never thought that I would see the day when the people who've gone through what we have, and stick it to the goody-two-shoe believers. I tell you it's refreshing to read what you write everything one of these dummies speak out of place. You will get the opportunity to meet with me in the days ahead. As a Brother, you just keep on keepin' on, things will work out. We just have to stay vigilant, and make the people who responsible accountable. I corroborate your every word, I was also retaliated against for being young, Black, handsome, and intelligent! So, whatever you say concerning the inept administration's that used to govern our lives, I'm behind you 24/7 100%! I'm glad to see you writing, keep up the good work, and Mahalo!!
If you wish to watch an interesting true documentary about real people filmed every 7 years, check out the UP series produced in Great Britain by Granada Television.  The Black and White filming started 1964.  Then the second instalment in 1971.  1978. 1985.. etc.. Some children went to the poorhouse. Some children got rich. Some children died.  That documentary is real life.  This T2 garbage is .. not.
Republicans don't want folks working, hence the practice of background checks. When they were Democrats they didn't like blacks working.
Nonsense.  One of the points you are in denial about is cultural genocide and the attempt to demonize the South.  The North certainly had its villains from the psychopathic murdering terrorist John Brown to the genocidal Sherman and Sheridan.  The Yank troops´ anthem was "John Brown's Body."  The Yanks venerated the despicable Brown just as you, Zander and the rest of the politically-correct pro-genocide crowd attempt to whitewash the legacy of the awful war criminal, Sherman.  You fail to understand the obvious.  Lincoln rejected a key SCOTUS decision and settled law.  If you are interested in conscription then look at the NYC Draft riots and the way Yanks treated blacks.  In sum, you are of the ilk that won't allow 'Dixie' to be played now.  After a terrible war Lincoln had the good sense to try to start reconciliation with 'Dixie."  You are the sort of creature who started the war and now you want to cover up the war crimes of Sherman, et al.  Orwell described your kind in '1984'.
Want to bet? I know that people like you who are white and would not like it at all if you went to a restaurant like a black owned bar b que  and you would not be served because you are white. Or if you had to sit in the back of the bus or like some blacks in the 1950's were not allowed to swim at public pools. You have never been treated this way in your entire life so don't pretend you "get" it.
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan, Is it really white America's fault that illegitimacy in the African-American community has hit 70 percent and the black dropout rate from high schools in some cities has reached 50 percent? Is that the fault of white America or, first and foremost, a failure of the black community itself? As for racism, its ugliest manifestation is in interracial crime, and especially interracial crimes of violence. Aware that while white criminals choose black victims 3 percent of the time, black criminals choose white victims 45 percent of the time?
I don't have figures, but from what I've read there is always more crime and violence in poor communities. I think this was true of immigrant communities in the last century. People with no good way to make a living turn to crime as a rational response to a desperate situation. Poverty causes stress and stress leads to violence. For example, wife and child abuse goes up when unemployment rises. There are not enough jobs for working-class black men.  The problems of these communities then serve as fodder for racism. Comfortable privileged middle-class people love to look down on the poor and blame them for their dysfunction. It makes the middle-classers feel superior, when they are not, and justifies their rotten, exploitative politics.
Not Black. That was easy.
Poplak rather elaborately joins those not perceiving Cyril Ramaphosa’s shrewd handling of the powerful position Jacob Zuma invited him into, surviving by “obeying” his boss in every detail. Listen to his paraphrased words:  “Radical economic transformation is sharing the country’s wealth - the Freedom Charter. It is inclusive and shared growth; changing the ownership patterns of our economy faster.   “We will not be appropriated for factional interests, revolutionary sounding slogans; citizens must reunite and be vigilant, eyes on the state’s own institutions, government dealing only with big businesses; that black professionals, lawyers, accountants, asset managers, engineers languish. Different sectors to put the needs of South Africans first”.   Astounding that no one has spotted this re-statement of the Nelson Mandela’s Reconstruction and Development Programme that deuty Ramaphosa was to put into practise but forced to accept the multi-denialist Mbeki who soon scuppered it.
cont; http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/column-the-democratic-party-is-not-what-it-seems/  "Her efforts to get the 1994 crime bill passed included her comment on “super-predators,” which helped make a case for why mostly poor black and brown young people could be racially profiled and locked up. And, until recently, she was still taking money in donations from the same private prison corporations that benefitted from the incarceration of an entire generation of black and brown men in the first place."
"He did some cruel things, but don't we all." Of course the world is grey, not black or white, so I do not mind someone finding some good things in the life of a person, be it Fidel Castro. But having said that I would like also to advocate a return to the social doctrine of the Church, and what it tells us regarding socialism and capitalism. Both socialism and capitalism have their good points, but that makes neither one nor the other acceptable. That is the position I feel the most for. (I go to Pope Francis, St. John Paul II, Dorothy Day, Jacques Maritain, G.K. Chesterton.  We should avoid ideology and sentimentality. The problem with socialism is greater than merely incidental cruelties; the problem with capitalism is more than its moments of bad taste.  There must be discernment of spirits.
I agree with you that all lives matter.   It fits me spiritually, it fits me socially.   I can not speak for others.   If you expect 100% agreement you will be disappointed.   There are white, black, and any other color, size and shape people, that see enemies in their brothers and sisters and certainly care very little for their welfare.  I don't think that happens until humans find agape* and that's not going to be anytime soon.   Taking your question seriously, you would have to add all people earth wide, (and for some of us it might be finding a connection with all living things).  I don't see how law or politics will every reach the goal that all lives matter.   Those institutions can help, they can provide a legal framework, but they can not change or heal hearts. *Christian love, especially as distinct from erotic love or emotional affection.   (Knowing other religions and philosophies seek the same compasion/empathy for all living things, I prefer 'universal' love).
52000 apartments that don't let blacks and the poor stay there
perhaps if you were the parent of a black child in Peel you might view the Peel Regional Police department in a negative light. Imagine your child trying to walk to school and regularly being stopped and checked for ID and harassed, even arrested, at public events when dozens of non black youth were present and actually participating in illegal activity ...and your child just happened to be nearby.  Peel Regional Police department has a serious systemic problem with racism. Sadly there are only a few who are truly trying to break the cycle. This is personal experience. Dozens of complaints filed by my family and many other families. It needs to stop.
I agree that we have a ways to go on black issues. I also don't think a good way to do that is to say that whites are so bound up in privilege they can't see past their own skin.  You don't need to put someone down to convince them of the seriousness of these issues.  I just didn't like how people are dismissing white people as incapable of understanding and compassion.  If you want a good ally -- and you already have one -- beginning to insult people is not good.  I just wish we would talk about the issues and not have to find people to disparage.  The real work is to change policies, which requires petitioning government officials, maybe getting some initiative petitions, monitoring events and showing up en masse when wrong is done, and things. I don't know what to say in response to all the attacking words.  I did say I didn't want to get into a "who got hurt the most" situation, but how we can come together, indicating I'm on the side of people who suffer racism, including whites.
I don't see it as 'slavery', just a permanent entitlement mentality which will never end.     Successes such as those of Dr. Benjamin Carson, General Colin Powell, or any successful black person, must be ignored by Charles because they do not match his racist views of permanent and total oppression by anyone who doesn't have his particular skin color.  No doubt the appointment of the new Dean of the U of O Law School, who I see from her picture appears to be a black woman, is yet another example of the continuing oppression by those who are clinging to '1950's white privilege'.    His racism cannot be disturbed by facts.   His tombstone will read:   "A Victim of 1950's White Privilege".
I think you're saying the being born rich is probably more of a factor for Trump than being born white?  I agree with all whites intentionally discriminate against blacks, but we do so unconsciously, or, we accept our privilege as 'normal' while  being unaware/ignorant of the bias against those born with black skin in modern America.  I've gotten to know you through your writing Dejain, I have every reason to believe you have a good heart and would not try to discriminate against a black person in any way.     But maybe like Me, it is not fully possible to understand what it means to be black on a daily basis?  *Have you ever taken a test on personal bias?  I did one for work, using work environment examples, and I have a to say I had several bias's exposed by the exam.
Actually Richard, your stats are incorrect, the number is 66% (not a huge deal, but my stats come from the last census).  Point of note, black fathers make up about 30% of the father led single parent homes.  White fathers make up around 14% and Hispanic fathers around 20%.  Also, of fathers who do not reside in the home with their children 67% of black fathers visit their children at least once a month, 59% of white fathers and 32% of Hispanic fathers (Pew Research Center and CDC stats).  This means black fathers who don’t live with their children are more likely than any other father to be active in their children’s lives.  The 72% headline from the media only tells part of the story.
Making the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) hate group list may mean you are a hate group or it may mean you rubbed Morris Dees and/or Joe Levin the wrong way. Both are trial lawyers.  In 2012, black pastors confronted the SPLC  for smearing as "hate groups" pro-family organizations opposed to homosexual behavior.  SPLC considers the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) a "hate group", because it opposes illegal immigration and uses demonstrations as a method.  Traditionalist Catholics are another SPLC hate group.  I would steer away from them as your sole source for who and who is not reliable.
Mr. Stacy, The baker refused ANY custom design for a cake. The discussion never got as far as that. The moment the baker heard the couple was gay, he offered them an off-the-shelf sheet cake or cupcakes. That is discrimination under Colorado law. I'm wondering if you would feel differently if he had refused to even consider designing a custom cake for a black couple or a Jewish couple, but offered them a sheet cake instead? And, "artistic freedom"? Would a topiary company be exercising artistic freedom if they refused to trim shrubs for a lesbian woman or couple? Would a home-products warehouse be exercising artistic freedom if they refused to give a gay couple their custom design shelving service? And, is this "artistic freedom" available to people who have objections to serving Muslim couples? Inter-racial couples? Or is this a gay exception only?
Interesting you bring up the 1968 democratic party convention and the riots. Are you aware that the catalyst that began the violence started on the floor of the convention? The catalyst being the refusal of the party leaders to seat a black delegation on the convention floor?
Lets see ... Grey and Black .... sounds familiar ..... oh yes ... now I recall ... it was 1937 to 1945 ....
And if we're going to talk about the history of black slavery, its interesting to note that it was white men, hauled out of pubs and off the streets of Britain, to be pressed into service -as slaves-in the Royal Navy, some of whom pulled the duty of patrolling the African coast in an effort to combat the slave trade. But then, its 2017 in Canada and with the state of immigration, if you find yourself talking to a person of African descent, theres as good a chance that you're talking to someone whose ancestors were involved in capturing and selling slaves as someone whose ancestors were sold as slaves. I wonder what penalty the social justice types would like to see imposed for stating those basic facts.
I'm shocked. Good for this kid!! How RARE someone step up to the plate and publicly admit his error!! He accepted his role, apologized and turned himself in.   Sounds like a horrible accident among friends that changed everyone's life in a matter of seconds. But then I have to wonder ... why did they have the gun in the first place?? Didn't previous article say the gun was maybe stolen? I commend Walker-Webster for accepting responsibility. He was also smart to post his video confession. I'm glad he stayed with his friend so he didn't die alone.   However, I'm concerned with what he planned on doing with the gun before he accidentally killed his buddy. Stealing a gun, or riding around with a gun late at night with friends "hanging out" is a recipe for disaster. Sadly this is a forever mistake that can't be undone.    That being said, this is a "black on black crime" - so he'll probably do more time than if this was a "white on white crime". And that won't be right either.
They weren't being serious that it's neato to pepper-spray people, they were poking fun at Neil Black and his endless banter and use of the phrase "Another neato gun owner".
you should support all the good deeds done by Dlamini Zuma & support her for the future presidency instead of abusing Black Natives.
Dejain, what you say is not true.  Knowing many republicans, none that I know espouse racist ideas.  Do you personally know any republicans?  Are the republicans you know racist in the sense of advocating less than full partnership between blacks and whites?    Let your personal experience guide you rather than the blather from the biased media.  Racism does not equate to differences in ideas.  Folks may have reasons for wanting preserve statues associated with our history for their own reasons having nothing to do with racism.  Hard to accept?  Well, yeah, respecting the perspectives of other people is always hard.  Insisting that one's own group is right and its views must prevail is the core of racist thinking.  (Do not confuse immigrating issues with racism and focus on relationships between American citizens.)
Indeed,  your black privilege precedes you as evidenced by the likes of Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, Mike Tyson, Cam Newton, Bill Cosby, Shaq, Walter Payton, Eddie Murphy, Barack Hussein Obama, Susie Rice, Loretta Lynch, Congressional Black Caucus, Black Lives Matter, Black Panthers, Usain Bolt, lil wayne, snoop dog, Bill Clinton, et al.
The funny thing is, Brentwood is pretty diverse: 27% Hispanic and 9% African American. The author's "diverse" urban area (DC) has a higher percentage of African Americans (48%), but a much lower percentage of Latinos (11%) than Brentwood.  Of course, the most ethnically diverse large metropolitan area in the U.S. is Houston, TX. If Gehrig goes there, he will see a lot of pickup trucks, especially when the rodeo is in town.
John Podesta helped a lot...but the head of the DNC and the woman who got fired from CNN for giving out the questions were part of the problem, too.  Clinton was so used to knowing and participating in "how the sausage of politics is made" and that she had been so closely  involved with for over 30 years that she didn't think any of that was a big deal for someone like her.  Bill's multiple bimbos, Filegate, the White House transport office, the theft of property from the Whitehouse, the juvenile antics about gluing drawers and prying W's off keyboards, they had gotten away with all of that and more.   Then there were the arrogant factors about Benghazi, 30,000 e-mails, negligence with classified documents.  I think that it was just too raw when it actually got added together in November except for the very faithful.  Why else the abysmal turnout from Blacks and Hispanics?  Why didn't the Obama voters come out for her?  What happened to the Independents?
Michael, I hope people get the point you are making in this comment.  Most of these statues were dedicated under Jim Crow laws and were precisely 'a victory lap for the resubjegation of black citizens'. They were not immediate post Civil War statements of gratitude to the Southern leaders who lost the Civil War.
I had to read the headline a few times because it made no sense to me why Baltimore would have anything Confederate. I'm surprised that Confederate statues lasted this long since Balty has a majority black population and has never had a problem with confrontation. I'm fine with removing Confederate anything because they lost. We should study all sides of a conflict, but only celebrate the winners.
Jeronimo Yanez was found not guilty on all counts in the shooting death of Mr. Castile, so your feeling that "[t]he police officer was completely wrong" was not shared by a jury that knew considerably more about the evidence than you do. Perhaps because he was impaired by the drugs found in his car Castile apparently did a poor job of not appearing to Yanez that he was going for his gun. It wasn't just a broken tail light -- he was an armed robbery suspect.  BLM sprung up, not after the Castile shooting, but after the Mike Brown shooting, which was completely justified, but lied about by such as BLM.  Your contention that there is an epidemic of unjustified shootings of blacks by the police is not supported by the data.
First of all, most studies show that there is racism towards visible minorities in Canada, which includes black canadians. And it would be worth all of our while to recognize this, and work towards ending racism and prejudice against everyone.  I support the presence of the Police in Gay Pride.   In Vancouver the overwhelming majority of police are tolerant and supportive of the gay community, and  all  LGBTQ people are relieved when the police show up to protect them from homophobic hatred. Not perfect, but much improved,  very welcome and as it should be.  I find it interesting that Black Lives Matter chose to join the Pride Parade towards the end of the Parade. Joining near where they disrupted the event last year is sort of secondary.   Why not participate in the whole parade?  I think they were afraid of the likely negative reaction of the gay community and their supporters.   Its sad that Black Lives Matter think their rights begin by denying rights of participation to others.
While there is certainly evidence that minority groups do suffer from unnecessary and unhelpful attention from those in authority, I don't see how doing to a whole group whats been done to you helps anything.    I can understand the tit for tat response, but surely a bit more thought should be given to how to effectively work to end discrimination, achieve a win win  situation.   I find it sad that some people think gaining their rights allow them to disenfranchise  and deny rights to others. Perhaps gay and minority group ..including black officers... and black activists...and someone trained in mediation... might work together to find ways to make everyone feel safe and welcome.   An eye for an eye leads to blindness.
MSM outlets reporting that Roger Goodell is now imploring NFL owners to "move past" protests against the National Anthem and continued displays of the "Black Power" salute. Sorry but once the players forced opens Pandora's Box there's simply no turning back. How does the NFL undo its hypocrisy and double-standards? Give players a "free speech zone" in every stadium?!?! That only applies to "higher" education. Give "trigger warnings" and airline barf bags to the paying customers? Simply stop playing the National Anthem before games and admit the NFL players openly revile the U.S.? Tax incentives for massive stadiums that provide paltry tax revenues and lay idle 90% of the time? Implode Mile High, convert it to a mixed use residential development, and the tax revenues far exceed the Broncos chump change.
Omar Khadr was born in Canada.  There were no grounds to deny him his constitutional rights as a citizen, which include the right to return home.  He was also a child soldier, which people like you seem to think doesn't matter, even though that has always been a recognized category of people who require special protection.  These brothers were also born in Canada, and they aren't responsible for what their parents did.  Nor, as a matter of black letter law, would the exception to the Citizenship Act appear to apply to them, as the appeals court held.
Not so. He just discussed this. He sees himself as biracial, but culturally black.
As I  said, I don't disagree on those things but many children won't ever hear those thoughts.    And we both distort the black experience as only negetive.   But have you noticed that your black friends just have a lot more fun.   The cultures are different in the expressive arts.    Not easy to push aside value judgements and accept that others are just different.    Of course there is Civil Law and that has to be common and fair.
You are absolutely correct.  People that are hanging out in high crime areas are more likely to be approached by officers.  That is how gun violence is combated, plain and simple.  Numerous shootings in an area results in an increased police presence.  That is not racist, but common sense.  Bottom line is most homicides committed in the inner cities involve black/Hispanic males in gangs enforcing their drug trade.
Don't forget Charles, according to the DOJ, Black men are only about 3.5% of the total population and commit 52% of it's homicide. When was the last obviously guilty white man was freed by a dream team?
Enough of the "inequality" divisive headlines. This has nothing to do with inequality. Is it also inequality that obese people are more likely to eat more? Or inequality that Asian teens who study 24/7 have better test scores? What about the inequality that more black athletes get starting positions in all major sports leagues? Isn't that inequality? No! It is due to whatever those individuals choose to do with their own lives and what sacrifices they make. Really an absurd headline. Let's make sure that the NFL has the exact % of white athletes, hispanic athletes, black athletes and Asian athletes to accurately represent the makeup of the country. Otherwise, "the NFL is a study in racial inequality".
It would be interesting to know if Lerato actually has a title deed for his 20 hectares or if he leases it.  Government has not been very forthcoming with assisting black farmers to gain title to the land whether it is on Tribal Trust land or land bought by the state for black farmers.
The NFL kneelers are showing humility and devotion to the flag?  When their announced intent is to show disdain for America?  How far are you willing to go to deceive yourself in defense of a liberal view of things?  Kaepernik, the one who started all this said:  “America refuses to address the pervasive evil of white cops killing black men, and I will not stand during a national anthem that honors the flag of such a country!” Now you can argue whether he's right or wrong some other day, but for now, the question is whether kneeling in this context shows lack of respect.  Don;t take my word for it; read what Kaepernik himself said.
There's just no sugar coating it :  In the past week alone look at the names and faces of who's committing most of the crimes here in Anchorage.  Liberals want to deny the facts but as we see here and across America , while minorities make up a small part of the general population---they commit a higher percentage of the crimes based on that segment of the population .  That is why we see what appears to be police only arresting minorities . When the fact is those are the ones having the most dealings on a daily basis with police.   Even when the victim of a police shooting is shown to be a life long criminal and caught breaking the law---Black Lives Matters wants the police hung rather than the thugs who brought the situation on themselves.   At least in Anchorage there are no riots in the streets when a thug is brought down . This tells us three things :  Potential rioters know most in Alaska have guns and won't allow their property destroyed , we have good cops , and most know this.
During Sessions confirmation hearings for position as a federal judge in 1986, some of his colleagues testified that he made statements they considered racists (i.e. in support of KKK, attacked NAACP, referred to a black colleagues as "boy"), other colleagues testified that they considered his statements as attempts at humor.  As attorney general of Alabama in the 90s, Sessions defended the state's school funding model which was ultimately found unconstitutional because it discriminated against black schools.  He also defended the state legislature's attempt to defund LTGB student organizations on college campuses on the grounds that homosexuality was unlawful.
Sorry, I tend not to get caught up in the petty "socialist" arguments that are important to progressives and conservatives because they are, in general, fruitless and unproductive.  "Socialism" is a spectrum, not a black and white thing.  By nature, government itself is a socialist enterprise.  What you guys really argue about is simply a matter of degree.  That's why I laugh when the right says "that's socialist" and the left says "socialism is good."    That's why you're able to take wealthy Western capitalist countries and declare them to be "socialist," whereas places like Venezuela, Niger, Albania,  or Mongolia aren't used as examples for unexplained reasons -- even though they VERY accurately fit the definition of "socialism" that you are using.    Why is that "socialism" only tends to work great in wealthy Western capitalist countries?   Vietnam had "universal health care" in the 70's, but that didn't seem to help them.  China too.  It was capitalism that changed everything.
Because "I consider" them liars? Anyone who pays attention to what's going on and isn't brainwashed by the media knows they are liars. The only thing obama ever told the truth on was when he said he planned "to fundamentally change this country." And he nearly got away with it. He hates this country, its Constitution, and anyone who disagrees with him.  Obama was totally unqualified to be president, even more than Trump. He was a community organizer. He'll go down as the worst president in US history after Woodrow Wilson, if not the worst.  I don't believe the things you're saying about Trump. Notice that most if not all of them came out in the waning days of the campaign, as the left always does to GOP candidates.  The left cares about one thing: power and control. They'll do anything they can to hold onto and/or get hold of power. They don't care about the "little  guy" or children, or violence, blacks or other minorities. They care only about themselves.
There were 1/2 million casualties in that war. But some of you think compromise wasn't worth the effort? That slavery would have ended anyway as the South followed the North into farm mechanization? Cries of racism seem to have gotten louder since the election, probably because some on the left fear this administration may successfully reach out to black voters.  Without that voting block the Dems are in deep Dudu. So we will continue to here these allegations almost daily leading up to the 2018 midterms.
I understand your desire to protect your children. But what you fail to understand is that this proposal would be as effective in deterring predators as the speed limit signs on the Glenn Highway are at forcing people to drive slower than 65 mph. In the mean time you denigrate and condemn a whole group of people you know nothing about; people who pose absolutely no threat to anyone, and just try to live simple, normal lives.  And you do so not because they have a history of any wrong doing, but simply because they are different from you and you do not and are not willing to try to understand them. I invite you to go look at the statistics of who the most common child predators are.  Then look at the statistics of what social group is most likely to be assulted or murdered. Reading the paranoia in these comments reminds me of when I was a child 50-some years ago and my grandparents wouldn't let me use a bathroom if black people were there. You just can't trust them they said.
"And their attacks reveal something very ugly about modern feminism: While today’s feminists claim to champion the rights of all women, they speak only for women who agree with them — vocally, frequently and on demand."  This article reminds me of a story about calling the kettle black.
"This nation is very diverse and the GOP will never accept it, at the least the GOP as it is today."  The GOP does it accept it. You believe the leftist lies. By incorrectly labeling the GOP as racist you can win minority votes. The GOP has does and will accept that this nation is diverse. I am a member of the GOP and I ain't white.  The GOP has had just as many candidates for president that are black as the DNC.
I agree the subject must be discussed.  However, from a US News story with basically the same information as Trump stated, the number was higher until one removes the murders which remained unsolved so the race of the perp was unknown.  I don't know who was/is responsible for the info the Pres gets, but he does need to be more careful when he states statistics to make sure they are accurate.  However, I don't see that as a "racially loaded" at all, since according to FBI stats, Blacks do kill more people than other races do.  But, it shouldn't matter since "murder" of anyone by anyone should be the major concern and the skin colors of either the perp or the victim should be secondary, if even that, imho.
I have no theory. Your projecting your own bias and racism on me. No, all cop shootings are not legit. Who said that? Police can make a mistake and just like the rest of the population, there will be a certain percentage that are just bad people. You are a drama queen, that's why you are a liberal. The police shootings are not epidemic as you and BLM portray. What do you think we should do about 6% of the population being responsible for 50 % of the violent crime? It's no wonder blacks are profiled. Why is that not addressed?
Here's a clue: Hillary is a woman and her husband was dubbed "The First Black President." Enough said.
For people like you, perhaps, but not folks like me, I'M OUT.  Hello Oregon, goodbye nfl and the blacks who can't seem to ever get enough.
Panashe Chigumadzi is like South Africa's very own Anita Sarkeesian.   She also gets upset enough when people pronounce her name wrong that she needs to highlight it on stage as if it's some sort of maligned cultural misappropriation against her, p.s. people pronounce my name wrong all the time, it's not unique to her being black african or female.
Your evidence is non existent. Your retort is spot on Fox News balderdash. The evidence is clear regarding police shootings involving black men. Take things a step further and no country on earth incarcerated more black men than the United States . I'm not anti police , I'm clearly stating facts. That's why the NFL and the NBA are taking a knee during the national anthem.
The issue of "black racism" is contentious and, for me, troubling.  Short story" In the late '60s I taught in an inner city highschool in Riverside, California.  this was a time of considerable racial unrest. Our student body was 1/3 Black, 1/3 Chicano and 1/3 white.  I was asked and accepted the assignment to "walk the campus" during lunch to address any possible incidents.  I had good relations with students and was 6'2" and about 200 # and an assistant football coach....I was in the role of a "campus cop" w/o a weapon or police authority.    The little white guys would ask me to wander through the rest room so they could go to the restroom w/o being "strongarmed" for their lunch money.  I would 'run interference' in as low-profile fashion as I could.    I also taught sociology and did a month-long unit on race relations...class of 40 seniors, but on most days we'd have closer to 100 kids in the room....it made for some interesting discussions.  (cont) OK, maybe not so short....
BLM - Black LIES Matter
You remember a time when no one locked their​ doors and no one was afraid to walk the streets? You must not remember talking to a single black person, Irish person, Chinese person, Italian, Catholic or Japanese person during that time. Or gay people, or people in mixed marriages. Or many women. That time only existed for you because you happen to be a straight, white, protestant Christian male and sorry friend, but the majority of Americans are not all of those things. And I guarantee all of them were locking their doors and were frequently afraid to walk the streets back during your so-called golden years. Edit: Listen, I'm glad you could have that kind of childhood. That's the kind of childhood we should work for as a country to provide to every single American. But it is a total myth to pretend that every American back in the 40s, 50s, 60s, or whatever era has had access to that kind of childhood. And it is a myth to pretend that Christianity provided that childhood in the US.
No it didn't say anything about the gun being stolen   Not really "black on black" crime; this falls under the category of accident, crimes are usually intentional.  As far as why they had the gun to begin with?    Kids these days treat guns like they're toys.  Fun to play with and oh so much power and hey we should go find a place we can shoot this off.  Etc.   So there's a likelihood that this is how the gun went off to begin with... Tragic event for all the families involved.
Yeah, 8wop, let's forget about all the mass killings in our public schools and movie theaters while you're at it.  President Obama has hosted many TV announcements to the nation over the senseless killings of innocent American citizens (i.e. the 9 black churchgoers).  He's pleaded with the NRA to meet him in the center of working to protect lives and you have the jewels to criticize our classy President Obama?  Must be nice to live in a glass house huh?
All the Jews want is an ethnically clean state as well in the ME and they are going about it, the white guys are not actually cleansing America.   The Israel ambition is supported by over 90% of American Jews.   Such poor hypocrites.  White guys want less diversity and more representation of their interests , culturally as well as economically.  See -- the white guys have become everybody's punching bag.  All the world's ills are blamed on white supremacy, including colonialism, wars, slavery, racism etc.  While there is a lot of truth to this, it can be tiring for this generation of white guys to bear the brunt of that hysteria.  Jewish organizations (which is all I really know) blame Israel/Palestine on the "white man" not on Zionism, which is the obvious source of all wars there in ME.  Blacks used to talk about "the man" meaning the white executive, politician, police etc.  Besides, it isn't what they say, it's what they do.
It was poorly attended because everyone who wanted to be there was at WORK because we have jobs now. Left wing cry babies were laying in the road babbling about black lives disrupting traffic, that didn't help. The last election didn't see this type of resistance. They couldn't miss a day of work because they were too busy WORKING and paying for handouts to lazy entitled cry babies!
This was a key component of his Gettysburg campaign, as his armies marched through Pennsylvania they engaged in what has been called the "great slave hunt." If you'd like to learn more just read up on the Gettysburg campaign. The capture and enslavement of free black Americans was standard practice for the Confederates, because as all of their founding documents and every speech their founders gave attests, saving and expanding slavery was the cornerstone of their proposed new country.
I gotta admit.  I really, really don't like the confederacy, the memory of the confederacy, or what it stood for.  I don't know if it's "hate" for the confederacy, but I know my reaction to it's name and memory is somewhat visceral.  And, even more so because it is specifically invoked to advance White Supremacist racist causes in the USA.  I am not a racist, and I know this because I would urge the making and display of statues with either whites or blacks.  One for Obama, and one for Clinton (a family montage).  Heck, Obama's whole family would be fine too.  Michelle and the kids did a great job of representing America. . . .at least there's no indication they were consorting wth Russian spies. . .
The actual text is even worse: "Black with the business name in large white lettering, the sign was located in front of the building at the intersection of Scott Road and Highway 525 and quickly became the subject of public criticism." Poor writing and  lax editing.
Agree. A component of the story is about items that aren't recyclable that people put in theirs bins. Things like black plastic. But yet reading the article (particularly step 4 in the blue box cycle), it seems like black plastic is INDEED recyclable, but it's just not done in Toronto because of the technology their sorter uses. So instead of asking our sorter to find a solution to the problem, the answer seems to simply be, throw out the black plastic. How reckless.
There are statues of Dr King. There's even a big national monument to him in DC., along with the Emancipation monument, and the monument to Black Civil War Veterans.
Now if you replaced the word "white" with black and "white neo-nazis" with BLM over the last eight years we could have a fascinating conversation.
Latino/a experience is often rendered invisible within the black/white paradigm of racial discourse in the United States—Michelle Gonzalez Maldonado  from a Black perspective, that hurts.  From Ada María, I learned that I was able to be critical of my Cuban heritage while at the same time embracing it, and that this was not a betrayal . . . .the same for Cuban heritage applies to RCC heritage.  Appropriate reflections from the Liturgy of the Word for the Feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe.  As Zechariah 2:17 puts it, “Silence, all mankind, in the presence of the LORD!  For he stirs forth from his holy dwelling.”  Again, “You (our Lady of Guadalupe) are the highest honor of our race” (Judith 13 15:9d).  And here are the Faithful, left alone in the political swirl, “Then the angel departed from her” (Luke 1:38), leaving Mary and the Faithful to figure out just what to do next.
Translation: Black lives matter, but not enough to get too vocal about.  The quiet strength of blacks two to three generations back was quiet for a reason, and it wasn't good manners.  It was not seeing any clear way to lift the likes of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions off their backs.  Also, fear that less swell-spoken versions of him might come calling in the night.
I think the matter of bringing jobs home is not a simplistic black v.s white matter. There are many situations where the economics and finances are marginal either way - and if that allows some jobs to be brought back - great for Trump. At least he as adressed an issue that concerns a significant population cohort.   My experience has been that the accountants and MBAs believe their spread sheets reflect ultimate reality. Not so - I for one am concerned over the related transfers of technology, logistics, management. Most importantly the financial justification for a foreign competitor to expand capacity against which we cannot later compete. I have seen cases were critical proprietary technologies were offered up on the altar of simple minded spread sheets.
Eastman votes against honoring Hmong and Laotian veterans, votes against commemorating black soldiers who built the Alaska Highway, sponsors an unnecessary and redundant bill prohibiting female genitalia mutilation and unapologetically utters unsubstantiated nonsense about rural women and abortion spending. As a 40 year Valley resident, Vietnam veteran, non-partisan, and former R.N./Paramedic I find myself embarrassed by the words and actions of yet another wacky Valley legislator. The words of Bugs Bunny comes to mind again, "What a Maroon."
Talk about unattractive, has Senator Collins looked in a mirror lately?  Her face could stop a freight train dead in its tracks....It is like the pot calling the kettle black
Liberals have been noticeably silent in their condemnation of Antifa, which may have given it encouragement to continue its violence against free speech and peaceful assembly as Antifa did this past week end in Berkeley, California, where its all-in-black and masked thugs merciless assaulted people wearing a MAGA hat, carrying an American flag or simply for taken photographs.  And they did so in the presence of police who apparently were too afraid of Antifa to stop its rampage against innocent people.  It finally got to be too much for liberals like House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi who spoke out and condemned Antifa for what it is and what it has been for a long time -  an alt-left hate group.   After seeing on TV what they did in Berkeley, I believe Antifa would be better classified as a domestic terrorist group.
Of course, sexuality must be controlled, and if not by the individual, then indirectly by the state.  That's why from the founding of the Republic, there were laws against fornication.  Because we no longer have such laws, thanks in part to Roe v. Wade's interpretation of substantive due process, the father-less rate among some blacks is through the roof, and among whites is rising all the time.  The children of these families scarcely have a chance in life because of the selfishness of their parents.  But it's liberals who accuse conservatives of caring only for the unborn and not caring for children.  BS!
Tell me again why the color of a person's skin means they should receive 'affirmative action'?  Does that include Asians?  How about Hindus whose families came from India?  Blacks from Angola?    Somali-Americans?  How about Haitians?    Lotsa people in the Middle East who aren't 'white'?      How about a Caucasian from Afghanistan?  (Yes, Virginia, they do in fact exist!)  Look at all the green colored locations in this 'racial representation'.  Do all those people who came from a green location have to defer to people who are browner in color?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caucasian_race  Or just home-grown blacks?  Or just home-grown blacks and Hispanics already across the border?  How about if they make it across the border next week?
Personally I don't think the people of Bismarck OR the Sioux tribe should have to deal with oil polluted water. Over 400,000 Sioux tribe members' water supply would be destroyed by an oil spill or leak and as you said, the same would happen for over 70,000 people in Bismarck. Neither is acceptable. However, to set the facts straight, Bismarck is almost exclusively white with an extremely small black population: http://www.towncharts.com/North-Dakota/Demographics/Bismarck-city-ND-Demographics-data.html
I see every bit of  that almost daily in Eugene and especially in Springfield!  What was the name of the last black one shot on the spot here in Lane County; I just can't find the article!
Yes, the statues represent treason, and were placed to intimidate blacks. If you've read my other posts, you'd recognize that I suggested they be placed in museums because they are a part of history; however, even Lee believed wounds could not heal, and the country united if symbols of the confederacy were displayed.
I would like the mayor to articulate exactly how this helps Denver's low income, legal, residents? Specifically how it helps low income black residents.  They compete for unskilled jobs, affordable housing, social services, etc.  make no mistake this is about one thing - political power.
What a disgusting news report. It is filled with an extraordinary amount of  leftist nonsense. I lived in Oregon. It has some racist element, both black and white. The left's attempt to justify physical violence because some speech is interpreted as violent, or because someone FEELS unsafe is just ridiculous. We have freedom of speech, and freedom to demonstrate. We do not have freedom to be physically violent. It is past time for the authorities to stomp on this lawlessness. CBS and other media outlets that attempt to justify and condone physical violence need to be held accountable.
I didn't realize we had a gang controlled black market Eugene.
I am a firm believer in putting ones money where their mouths are. That is something I practice routinely so I will say it. Donate ones time, and donate ones money. Or frankly shut up if one is unwilling to do that. For mere words are Hot Air. And entirely worthless. Rather like the occasional responses on Civil are to me in fact...   Second: WHAT? I never said, NEVER implied, this "Why do only black people have to give up all but 100k of their salary." Only you did.  How very racist of a statement.  * If you are going to play the race card victim game, count me out.   Have I made myself clear?
Ideally, the percentage of black students or faculty should align closely with the percentage of the population that is black.  One problem is that black people are statistically underrepresented among those who attend or teach at four-year universities. While Schill is right about the current number being too low, many of the underlying reasons are outside UO's control.
You need to be reminded that Black lives matter.  Did I not just insult you, and call you racist?
But American immigration policy of the late '30s did implicate this country into the death of Ann Frank, her family and millions of other Jewish people attempting to escape Europe and the Nazis. The fact that we turned around ships loaded with desperate refugees has been as carefully buried as the story of Franks father desperately filing papers seeking refugee status. We rewrite the history of the genocidal killing of native Americans and cover up the uncomfortable truths in our history. Mr. Pitts analogy of a shot to bits sign commemorating Emmett Tills  murder as an attempt to murder history and memory itself is shockingly accurate. As right wing fear mongers now advise us to fear and hate the new waves of immigrants seeking safety and opportunity here in America we need more than ever to keep in mind what we perpetrated against other desperate people. Remember that in the '40s Catholics were as mistrusted as Jews and Blacks in America. We've hated all of us at one time or another.
You are stuck in the old, apartheid 'black' and 'white' labels, Mbalula, which make nonsense of your otherwise fairly cogent thinking and confound your argument. Leave these false, racist terms out and see how this debate can advance?
I can live with Blacks getting into top colleges by affirmative action. Harvard was a tailwind for Obama. Obama gave non-whites a voice. I think Obama treated every race fairly. His mother was a white women born in Kansas, if you didn't know.
The USCCB has demonstrated again that it does not even think of any accountability to the laity it is called to serve.  Their agenda should be full with pastoral concerns, such as working as an entire body [not diocese by diocese] on:  1) Dealing with the opiate epidemic spread across America---and which is included in the boundaries of every arch/diocese.  What positive avenues can the Church in America to families, areas, and individuals addicted to narcotics and heroine.  2) What about race relations?  The American bishops at Vatican II, did not even list race relations as a problem area.  But in the late 1960's and beyond, this has exploded into intolerance, prejudice, hatred extended to Blacks, and other racial groups.    3) What about dealing with the GREAT DIVIDE that exists in America between Democratic and Republican, liberal and conservative, progressive Catholics and traditional Catholics?  Sadly SOME of the bishops Contribute to the problem rather than work for solutions.
Most of the cases in the Denver Metro area are in the usual neighborhoods, and yes, committed by the usual demographic-no different than any other city in the United States. If memory serves correct, last year Denver had 57 homicides, 48 of which were committed by blacks or hispanics.
LU is a private school with an annual undergraduate cost of about $43k per year. The school has an undergraduate enrollment of about 2,600. The school president invited black students to his home, was gracious enough to provide dinner, and solicited the student's ideas and perceptions. In return, the black students contrived racist "outrages" in order to publicly ambush the school president and his family on social media. The fact the mainstream media touts the race-baiting ambush as the "fault" of LU's president is equally incredible but typical.
If we had perfect information on all factors, it would be interesting to see outcomes if the nativist/racist component of Trump's appeal could have been subtracted as an element in the election.    Given how many people even on DP's moderated boards are Nazi-adjacent enough to make excuses for actual Nazis (!) and do the ridiculous back-bends required to try to build a false and very stupid moral equivalency between a group trying to end police violence directed at the black community, and, again, actual Nazis, I suspect most normal people would be disgusted at just how much work there is yet to do to rid the world of backward attitudes.
"She repeated the story she told a comrade in Ethiopia, when that person spoke disparagingly about one of the cities there.   She told the person if everything was removed from the city that was not owned by Ethiopians, and if the same exercise was repeated in Johannesburg with buildings and property removed that don’t belong to Africans, it’s Johannesburg that would collapse. "  See how Racist she is. She is thinking in terms of black and white not African. 90% of Johannesburg is owned by Africans (black and white). And she wants to lead this country! You have got to be joking.
Read the article folks. The hotel took the name down because the threat of voilence and disturbance from protestors.  Not a black mark against Trump. It is indictative of socialists in Canada and how they view opposing opinions.  Obama started a war in Libya and then claimed it wasn't a war because Americans couldn't get hurt. He killed thousands of people during the war and no one complained of his actions. That's pure evil.
The military has adjusted to changing social norms in the past.  Blacks, women, gays...all serve (openly) now and we still have the most powerful military in the world.  Maybe the transgendered adjustment is too early right now, but eventually it, and others, will be adopted.    This isn't a fight worth having today.  Many bigger issues with Trump to focus on.  Be patient.
"Yeah, that’s not the point: you removed statues of the Mary and baby Jesus. That’s not a Catholic thing; that’s a universal symbol of Christianity. This is just insane, and even non-Catholics are making that point..."  https://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2017/08/26/too-alienating-catholic-school-removes-statues-of-the-virgin-mary-and-jesus-n2373209?utm_source=thdaily&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=nl&newsletterad=  The "truth" huh?  "And he, along with the rest of the Congressional Black Caucus, don't seem to see the hypocrisy. Like the pigs in George Orwell's Animal Farm, some are more equal than others."  http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2017/08/seizing_that_which_we_hold_dear.html
Thank you Bobby Green for bringing Coralie Washington's death, sad as it is, to the attention of the community.  Certainly she and fellow Black Pioneer  Mattie Reynolds deserve our honor and respect. And  also thank you Bobby Green for acknowledging that much of your own considerable success here was made possible  by the leadership of these two black matriarchs.
mira you help by providing what the root cause is and that is undeniable.  If you treat people badly they will not feel valued or worthy as human beings.  That is despicable that people were made to feel that way; equally so for black people, Jewish people, women (etc.).    But there is a striking difference, Black people,  Jewish people and women have picked themselves up and said I am every bit as good as anyone else and I will make a success of myself (in general of course); there is not a generational victimhood.   In there lies the solution......we all get the cause and effect of this...and it is dreadful, but it is the next step you are missing.  To always come with your hands out is psychologically counter intuitive and sets you back emotionally.    You are better than that.   With apologies to the thousands and thousands of our FN peoples that have already figured that out.
Xavier:  Actually, there's nothing to be accomplished by responding to your angry personal attacks.  Address issues and I'll be happy to have a civil conversation with you on any topic.      If you do, in fact, "feel very much a part of Boise's black lesbian community", I'm sure they're happy to have your support and I honor you for providing it.   BTW: As I've mentioned to you previously, if you find I've made "untrue" statements of fact, please let me know so I can correct them.  I don't intentionally "lie" about anything and I don't want you to have the impression that I do.  Thanks, Gary
Good for you! I hope you didn't stare rudely the first time. I wasn't born and raised in Boulder. I grew up in a city that was only one third white when I left. But I'll admit that I never took a black history class in college, otherwise surely I would have learned the true definition of "uppity" and "keeping their place".  Your comment is weird.
There is no peer reviewed research to support the assertion that starting French Immersion at age 5 is more effective than at starting at age 11. NONE. ZERO. Racism is abhorrent, but putting your child in French Immersion to avoid the poor kids, the black kids, the kids with intellectual challenges -  that is OK. And don't mention the drop out rate at age 11/12.
I'd suggest that this writer, this particular man, has not and never will experience police treatment that so many black queer people do in Toronto. It's one thing to praise police in a tolerant state, but another to presume knowledge about un-lived experiences of others. Toronto police will no doubt earn their place at Pride. They haven't done that yet.
I visited KC in 2014 during a visit to the Harry Truman Presidential Museum in the KC suburb of Independence MO.   That museum was interesting, but it was the World War I National Museum and its Liberty Tower (with great views of downtown KC and the surrounding area) and the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum that I truly enjoyed.   Attached to the Negro Leagues Museum is a fantastic Jazz Music History museum with many earphone links to dozens of famous artists.
I have better things to do than waste my time doing the homework for guys like you and ‘Raised’. Insinuating that I’m a ‘lib’ even though my voting record says otherwise just shows your bias & readiness to make very odd assumptions. I’m a vary independent voter.  You just don’t like my comment and apparently don’t want to believe anything that doesn’t fit your ideology. What is well known & has been widely published lately is that Sessions called a black attorney “boy,” suggested a white lawyer working for black clients was a race traitor, referred to civil rights groups as “un-American” & joked about the Ku Klux Klan, saying he thought they were OK until he heard they smoked marijuana. Civil rights for all US citizens is “un-American”?! If that doesn’t tell you something I don’t know what will. A leopard don’t change his spots & that stuff is no doubt just the tip if the iceberg.
A very good comment, abate2. Obama just spent eight years as president, and was a senator in Chicago before that. The Chicago police force spiraled out of control on his watch. Nor did Obama do anything- other than offering platitudes- when police throughout his country used disproportionate and deadly force against black citizens.  Perhaps it's the fact that Obama's overseas drone strikes killed hundreds of innocent civilians which makes him insensitive to the issue.
The black masked protesters have unknown identities.
There's lots of racists, on the left, on the right, in the middle. Here's an article from the Washington Post     https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/inside-the-governments-racial-bias-case-against-donald-trumps-company-and-how-he-fought-it/2016/01/23/fb90163e-bfbe-11e5-bcda-62a36b394160_story.html   "At the time the suit was filed, Trump had been thinking about veering away from his father’s ­focus on providing housing for ­lower- and middle-income residents of Brooklyn and Queens, and envisioning his future as a developer of luxury buildings for the rich in Manhattan.  But now the first thing most people were hearing about Trump was that he was being accused of discrimination."  followed a few paragraphs later by:  “What we didn’t do was rent to welfare cases, white or black,” Trump wrote in his 1987 autobiography. “I’d rather fight than fold, because as soon as you fold once, you get the reputation of being a folder.”
Slaves that were rounded up by black north Africans and sold to the white slavers. Like they still do today but you never hear about that. Ask anyone from the Sudan and they will tell you they call their country "The Hunting Ground" and they can not understand why no one is protesting what is happening today over what happened hundreds of years ago.
truth is your feelings are hurt by my reply.  its not about "white people"  its about first amendment.  if black thugs matter, why not white thugs matter or yellow thugs matter or brown thugs matter.. or any others?  why not let everyone that doesn't think like you assemble and let them do it in peace?
Says the person who recently posted he "see(s) nothing wrong with white supremacy".  But a little historical context to what seems to have confused you about this.  Malcolm X (rah'matullahi alayhi) pointed out that an all-black school isn't necessarily a "segregated" school--it's a school where white folks control their own all-white school and control the all-black school as well.  A "desegregated" school is one that's controlled by the people whose children are educated in it, rather than allowing their enemies to educate their children.  The generalized term is "self-determination".  Chinese seizing control of their own education system from the foreign occupiers who'd put up signs saying "no dogs or Chinese allowed" in their own capital enabled them to progress from feudalism and oxcart technology to the space-age in about 40 years.  Does the possibility frighten you?
There are some interesting numbers coming out of the NY Times post election exit polling. All those who want to claim it was racist white people who elected trump need to look again! Trump only carried 1% more of the White vote than did Romney in 2012 however he received 7% more of the Black vote, 8% more of the Latino vote, and 11% more of the Asian vote. So in reality it was non-White Americans who gave Trump the edge over Crooked Hillary. Uh oh, that doesn't play into the left's narrative though....  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhUXSX3ZnpE http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/politics/election-exit-polls.html?_r=0
Why does the Globe and Mail give such repeated prominence to news articles where cops in the USA kill black folks...  ... but then give essentially zero coverage of cases where black folks kill cops?  I am NOT suggesting that the latter situation/events justifies the former situation/events, every case in both camps needs to be assessed on a case by case basis.   But come on, this newspaper seems to want to paint a picture where life is fine and dandy for cops on patrol in the USA, la la la, they and the firefighters cruise through their safe and secure shifts in the cities week in and week out rescuing kittens from trees and helping little old retirees cross the street, and then suddenly blam blam blam, a cop goes berserk and slaughters a black person in a torrent of violent bigotry and hate.  Could we please get a bit of balance in the news reporting? I have a suspicion that there are cops out there who follow this paper's veiled advice to be gentle and hesitant AND WIND UP DEAD.
I've never considered  that protesting the police killing of African American men at traffic stops to be racist.  I actually think it is racist if you do not protest these killings.
Now here is an example of what I consider to be racist. Rapper XXXTentacion (sounds like a true young blooded American name), produced a music video featuring a White boy being lynched on a stage as a Black boy looks on. The child's feet twitch then suddenly stop. Now that IMO is racist. Do you agree?
It's simple. Working means getting up and going to work, buying real work clothes, maybe a hammer, actually doing something that is hard, hot, time consuming. Easier to lay around the crib screwing the bitches, doing dope, playing video games, and cashing the handout check. Blacks get paid more not to work than whites. If these millennial twit economists ever held real jobs that required real work they would understand.
I am not on a team. I call them like I see them. I think it is normal and healthy to be female and abnormal and unhealthy to indulge in the peccatum non nominandum. I think Neo-Nazis should be condemned and Hamas also. I think the Virgin Birth is nonsense and yoga is too. I think black lives matter and cops' lives matter too. I like Isaac Watts and can't stand Marty Haugan, but I can't stay awake long when men in lace are groaning Gregorian chant at each other. I voted for Mitt Romney and Hillary Clinton.   Nothing is as stupid as a mob. Anybody who forms his convictions by consulting his political party is doomed to become a blithering nincompoop.
I'm not a public figure, and psst...this is a make believe world,   But it would be fascinating to run a "survey" of Americans...what percent of even black social activists (and trendy white SJW progressives) know that MLK wasn't his real legal name?
Kap , Curry and others are being used as pundits. i.e., "an expert in a particular subject or field who is frequently called on to give opinions". Don't you also believe there's a bit of hypocrisy when guys like Curry, cap, and others who have 100 million dollar contracts and they complain about discrimination of blacks? They would better off spending time to teach many of  other outspoken players on how to conjugate the verb "to be".
action speaks louder than words, in some instances trump has denounced racism and bigotry but in other instances he appears to favor it.  he has been slow to denounce racism and bigotry groups, such as the kkk, neo-nazii's etc.  his prior actions in life and rhetoric during the campaign clearly shows his favor of white supremacist.  in reality he is also one.  his campaign slogan make America great again, is really make America white again.  but in reality he is making America worse, condemning minorities, muslims, women, lgbtq, etc.  he wants do divide America, he has not reached out to minorities.  he only goes to areas to campaign who supported him, he does not go the areas who did not support him and try unite them with the rest of his white America.  he claim that he will help the blacks in inner cities to give the job, better education and housing.  he had not absolutely nothing yet and likely will not.  he just lies and lies.  not to be trusted.
You racist in the 20th percentile are always confusing things. The corrected and factual statement is that blacks are convicted and imprisoned 6X more often than whites. The rest of the comment is uneducated race baiting.
States' rights take second place when the question is one of social justice.  Otherwise, there'd still be separate white and "cullud" bathrooms across the South because white men felt inferior and white women thought black women smelled funny.  But that ain't how America rolls.
It's not a question of place, although it's interesting that it occurs to you to see it in those terms.  It's a question of making false charges of general racism against the American people, who deserve far better.    This from me, who would have fought against apartheid in South Africa.  Your side lost all credibility when you supported the claim that Michael Brown's shooting was racist, when you clamored so against the verdict in the Treyvon Martin case, which involved clear self-defense.  People like me are perfectly willing to prosecute rogue cops.  To you of the left, on the other hand, no police shooting, however justified, should ever be wasted; it's always an opportunity to claim racism.  Keep selling that to poor black children in the projects, and see how far they get in the next 50 years.
Simple possible solution. Why don't we adopt the racist way of categorising things? For peoples, the racist have five colour categories where you are either: white, black, brown, yellow and red. For male names, respectfully, in the same aforementioned order: John, Singh, Wong and Running Bear--JSWRB.  There. Problem solved.
The most glaring problem is the disrespect shown our country by these overpaid athletes.  You can blame QB's, DB's OL, etc, but look inward, these misinformed, way out of line athletes, spend far too much time composing endzone celebrations, tackles made, passes blocked down, whatever bit of trivial event happens on the field.  And now, are 'protesting' their country, as 'unjust' 'unfair' when 6% of the population, black males, do over 50% of the crime.  I have no idea of what they desire, but know it's unachiveable.  Has anyone asked them?  Most won't know what they are protesting,  I, for one, have no idea.
OK, thanks for your support but you need to widen the lense a bit. The DA has just about an equal number of white and black supporters and can boast to be the most racially diverse political organisation, which I am proud to support for this factor alone. The DA governs well and has hardly any negative baggage. More and more black safricans will make their mark against Mmusi's DA, and is the only hope for a prosperous and successful South Africa.
We have existing anti-hate laws that protect us. Do we need a motion that looks into crimes against each group to come up with an action plan? Imagine separate motions for each group.... Jews, Christians, Blacks, Latinos, Muslims, Native Canadians, etc. It might make some people feel good - unless you are a group left out.  All Canadians support a free and tolerant society and would welcome a renewed effort by the government to find ways to improve it.   So let's put petty politics aside and put an inclusive motion before Parliament and get on with it.
While there are a number of racist organizations and individuals it does seem the accusation is made at the drop of a hat for all kinds of self serving reasons. Turns out saying "all lives matter' is racist, or "America is the land of opportunity" is racist. I remember Chris Matthews  on MSNBC saying that folks opposed to the President's policies appeared to him to be racists who covered themselves by supporting Black Conservatives. I'm still scratching my head over that one. On the other hand , it is also true that Trump has said some racist things about Mexicans and bigoted things about Muslims that would appeal to actual racists. .
I don't watch MSNBC, Fox News, or any other cable news channel. I look at the whole picture and find out why some people do some things. From what I see about the BLM, I see a protest against injustice against the black people who have been targeted by some white police officers, identical to the civil rights protests of the 1960s in the South. when they too were targeted by white police officers. I don't know how old you are, but I lived through that decade and sided with the protestors after they were attacked by the police and white Southerners. If you had lived through that decade, would you also attack the black protestors and their white supporters?
it would appear that blacks tend to get longer sentences than whites. Where is the reporting press on this issue?
Does him being a "black man" make him immune from criticism?
Interesting demographics in the picture to head the story.  Could the photographer not find any black kids in "one of only four African-American Research Libraries in the country?"
garycrum - Oh, the guilt you must feel.    Ad hominems always reassure me that I'm on the winning team.  You don't know my intentions any more than I know yours.  Your definition of "rude" obviously means anything that disagrees with your PC narrative.  Chew on this...... “The point I was making was not that my grandmother harbors any racial animosity, but that she is a typical white person. If she sees somebody on the street that she doesn’t know (pause) there’s a reaction in her that doesn’t go away and it comes out in the wrong way.”  -  Barack Obama throwing his white grandma under the bus.  Can you imagine the political firestorm if Donald Trump used the term:  "typical black person"?   You'd be on him like Old Yeller on meatballs.    Have a great day!
Please do not be so bigoted or sterotyping towards southerners or our symbols.  I've NEVER heard anyone use the phrase you describe and I live in the deep south.  Even if an individual used such a phrase it has zero connection to the Confederate flag.  Blacks also support the battle flag.  Dontrelle confuse an ill spoken individual with an entire people.
Can you name for me just one Christian group that hasn't denounced the KKK Charles? Just give me the first one that comes to mind please. The KKK started as a group of democrats who banded together to kill and intimidate Republican politicians who supported blacks like they support them today.   Let me tell you that I have lived all over the world and the only place that I don't feel safe due all of the rape, robbery, torture, and murder and "in your face" racism that exists there ...care to guess where that is? The inner cities of every major city in the US with over 1 million people in it. All lives most assuredly dont matter to these people
The fact is more unarmed Black men have been killed by rogue cops in the past few years than before. The female cop in Tulsa sad she thought her victim was "under the influence." So she killed him. Furthermore, it is obvious you are not qualified nor are you fit to make any comments about these kind of events. Your ignorant bigotry is willful, deliberate, and explosive to the point where you incite violence. Get a clue.
Which one? Does not matter really because there were far more republicans voting for each than democrats. In any case, I don't think that any of the Civil Rights Acts destroyed black families. There were lots of reasons for the destruction of families, both black and white, not just one reason.
Years ago as a kid HEATH-BAR, I walked by mistake into the Hyde Park Projects in Tampa (1970's). Immediately got tailed by two black kids that picked up on me. I started moving, they started moving. Finally I broke into a run only the hear a gun go off twice behind me. Then I ran into a clothes line made of wire, which caught me in the neck while running. I ended up on my back with the wind knocked totally out of me, looking up at a 400 lb. black woman. "What you doin' here boy?", couldn't even answer her! When I got to my feet, she walked me to a small apartment, cockroaches matted all over the walls even in the light. She was a Christian woman, had a long picture frame with 3 cameos on the wall... John Kennedy, his brother Robert, and Martin Luther King. Her sons came home, she had them walk me back out towards the bus station where I had come from!   Now I am so ugly, I tell folks I take my vacations in Detroit, they laugh, but true. See no reason to redline neighborhoods in Denver!
Of everything I read in the entire article, the next to last paragraph: "One of his pet causes is cutting spending..." is the most encouraging.  That's what's important to me...not his religious beliefs...not his skin color.  Story should be about the best candidate being elected. The thoroughly corrupt ARP needs a house cleaning.  David Wilson and David Eastman are hopefully two steps in that direction.    It's sad, ADN (like the rest of the MSM) wants to spin any "racism" angle they can get away with.  So a kid stares at you.  Big deal. Sounds like Mr. Wilson got over it.  Perhaps the ADN should as well.    Every adverse event or failure in life isn't due to your skin color.  Unfortunately, it's EXACTLY what's being inculcated into a generation of "minorities" by Regressives and echoed in the MSM.   Here's a "black guy", just elected by lily-white Republicans (consistently labeled as racist by the MSM) in a district < 2% "black".  Better sweep this one under the rug quickly.
Obviously, to most of us, they are millionaires and their current neighborhood(s) probably don't need much clean up.  If you associate and assign neighborhoods by color and further assume all people of every color are responsible for all actions by all people of the same color, then maybe not obvious.  Credible references to black millionaires robbing 7-11s might bolster your screed.
Check your reading comprehension. They are recognizing Black soldiers SPECIFICALLY because they SPECIFICALLY were treated poorly, under worse conditions than white soldiers, with less resources to do the same job. Soldiers built the highway. Soldiers of colour experienced VERY different conditions and treatment, and they are being recognized for that.   There, I broke it down for you so you don't even have to read a book or try to learn anything on your own!
Obama's legacy will be that he was the first black president whose signature accomplishment was repealed.
You seem to be saying that they should have supported Clinton simply because the community did ?  They have no freedom to make any decisions on their own, regardless on political pressure.  They also endorsed Hickenlooper the first go round.  Simply comprehending that Clinton was bad for Law Enforcement and Trump shad more support for them is a far reach for you ?  Clinton buried herself when she brought the black mothers onto stage and disregarded the sacrifices of the Dallas Officers that were murdered.  That was bad planning on her part, not a indictment on police officers who didn't support her message.  She should have beat Trump on the message but instead caved to the other side, I bet you she would do it differently in a do over, the country didn't appreciate it.
Charging with the intent to  . . . what?  . . . chat?  Apologize for having tried to take Wilson's gun?  The grand jury and DOJ knew very well that under the law of self-defense, an officer is entitled to shoot if he reasonably fears that an aggressor is about to inflict deadly or great bodily harm.  This case was a no-brainer from the start.  That's why not even Holder's Justice Department sought charges.  But Brown was shot not because of Wilson's fear for his life, but because Brown was black.  And so, many good black people of Ferguson watched their property go up in flames.  "Did she think Brown deserved to die because he was imperfect?"  Got that?  McGivern, to this day, despite the clarity of the case, is trying to hood-wink us with the notion that Brown died because he was "imperfect."  cont'd
There has been a lot of violence around the country by housed people against the homeless. This is encouraged by all the blatant prejudice against them that the R-G allows people to express in letters to the editor and online comments. If it were directed against blacks the paper would not allow it, but poor people apparently are fair game.
Negro is derived from the Latin word Nigra which means "black", and is used to describe many things in nature. Example: Black Walnut tree in Latin is juglans nigra   The bias comes from politics.
"Podesta responds by mentioning the creation of Catholic in Alliance for the Common Good and Catholics United.". Rather misleading, the actual quote is “We created Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good to organize for a moment like this. But I think it lacks the leadership to do so now. Likewise Catholics United. Like most Spring movements, I think this one will have to be bottom up”. Certainly an admission that the Democrats created these top down phony front groups to try to undermine Church teaching. I don't see how any Catholic can say this is not a scandal.  MSW failed to mention the racism at work as well, also from Podesta "Some groups of people are almost always highly successful given only half a chance (Jews*, Hindus/Sikhs and Chinese people, for example), while others (Muslims, blacks** and Roma***, for instance) fare badly almost irrespective of circumstances"
That last statement has some truth and some misleading information in it.   Statistically if you are white you are most likely to be murdered by a white person if you are black you are most likely to be murdered by a black person.    The odds are that you will know the person that murdered you but that doesn't mean that they are family as so many jump to the conclusion on that statement.   Most people know their friends family AND enemies.   Very few murders are committed by strangers, some small percent by friends a slightly larger amount by family and a huge amount by enemies.   If you don't think Joe Crip doesn't know Billy Blood and that wouldn't be counted as a murder where the two knew each other.... I have some nice ocean beachfront property here in Denver for sale.
I've been reading your posts for many years, James, but this perhaps is the worst ever. It's too bad, because you do have flashes of rationality, unlike many of the mouth breathing deplorables posting here, and you have the courage to sign your posts.  In England, public hangings used to be a penalty for thieves and pickpockets loved them because the attendees would be distracted by the spectacle, making it easier to steal from them.   Do you know who Billy Bailey was?   Barton Kingman? His final thoughts: "I may get shook up at the last minute, but I don't think so."  How about Eugene LaMoore? There was no evidence against him except a "confession" he was pressured to sign by an attorney who typed it up and whom he thought was there to help him. He retracted it subsequently. It took him 13 minutes to die at the end of a rope.  Alaska used hanging as a death penalty.  The last white person to be executed in Alaska died in 1903, though numerous Natives and blacks were subsequently hung.
Was he right, even if politically incorrect (I'm not a fan of politically correct, the practice fails to account for the need to confront the Ridiculous Recidivist Right in ways they might understand)?  And what's your point?  That Reid speaks his mind, is right more often than not and can be trusted with the launch codes?  It also says something about the American voter.  I figured in 2008 that we'd be more willing to elect a black man over a white women.  It may also say something about Hillary Clinton as a candidate.  I consider her the best qualified current candidate to hold the office but it's very hard to like her.  As I don't vote on likability it doesn't matter.  I always thought I'd like Bush if I ran into him in a bar and we downed a few while having a nice chat.  I'd still hate his politics though.
Orange, as opposed to 1/3 black?
You can't blame the PGA golfers entirely.  Once on the tour, the players are constantly exposed to an army of bloated overpaid white guys who confuse a good-old-boys  prejudice against blacks, the poor and immigrants, for a philosophical stance.   I  mean, all the young golfer wants to do is golf and all he hears in the clubhouse is the vile invective of the smug 1%.   No wonder they turn into Phil Mickleson.   And  have you checked out the crowd at a PGA match lately?  Nope, certainly not a cross section of America.
The term 'white supremacy' has a redundancy. There is no need to use 'white' because only whites, European Christian whites, in particular exhibit racist supremacy. No other race in the world has it.   While slavery has been a paramount practice of white Europeans, it is they who turned it into an epic crime of trade - the Slave Trade of the 17th -19th centuries. Millions of black Africans died, millions more shipped to become lifetime slaves of white man in the New World. The profit was most handsome.  This white man holy war on Blacks reflect on today holy war on Islamic lands, the latest round started by America in the 80's. The motive same - money and power (oil, US dollar supremacy, control of Middle East on behalf of Israel).   But there is a difference - there were no retaliation from the black man, or from Africa for the white man's biggest rape of the human race. But this is the 21st century, era of globalization, communications, knowledge. Nobody will take it anymore.
The second coming of Christ is the most  described and prophesied event  occurring   all through the Bible, including the Old Testament. The theme runs clear through the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. Claiming its only in Revelation tells me you are probably closer to atheism than being a Christian, which is fine.  What isn't fine is your race-baiting which has turned from blacks to Jews and it is  anti-Semitic now..  . You are  attempting to turn this into  another religious  'divide and conquer' debate  which I refuse to do.. The Bible came to all of us  through the Jews. Jesus Himself is Jewish and all 12 apostles are Jewish.   . Jerusalem will one day be the capitol of the entire Universe. It will be populated by every race and  nationality that  has ever been on earth and the world 'then' will truly be  'one' under Jesus!     Someone  'imagined'  that  long before Lennon was ever born. .     Heaven is a very beautiful, rich and large .  Hell is just very large...   Goodbye.
Dubious at best?  Hmmm...  But you are spot on about the need to change public schools.  At least move more public schools in the charter direction so that teacher's unions have less influence.  The charter school my grandkids go to has moved from Common Core to Common Knowledge.   (Still can't figure out why Democrats in Washington D. C. took vouchers away from black families, who loved them.  But that, in no way, is racist because, you know, Democrats did it and they are pure.)
She seems to think she will have the only weed business in town. Doubt she will gross anywhere near $10m & in any case expenses & competition will be a reality check. Remember the black gal who tried to operate a weed biz after quitting her job? Will be interesting to see if she has the nerve to applly for a license.
I think the south had the moral high ground in that war, while the north just pretended they were a friend to the black man. The EP was just a political stunt for the north while they kept the blacks in a full apartheid society.  The north attacked the south in what was a Hitler style power grab.
If Darvish was black, and Gurriel was white, would the suspension still be imposed next year?
You wrote:  <<The very name of the organization is an affront to whites..>>  Nothing short of willful ignorance. Historically, have white lives not mattered in the USA? Why no, white supremacy defined the social order. Have black lives not mattered in the USA? Um, yes.
It seems Mr. Northrup wants to enjoy his white privilege without any repercussions from African Americans or other people of color. He doesn't seem to realize that people who are oppressed simply because of the color of their skin might rebel, and that it might manifest as confrontation and/or retaliation from time to time. That, actually, is pretty understandable.  If he doesn't like being graced with white privilege because he was born white in a country dominated and controlled by and mainly for white people, I'd like to ask him if he would gladly trade places with a black person.  Lane County is almost 83% white, so it's somewhat rare that acts of discrimination against minorities occur, just by virtue of proportionality, but it definitely happens. Visit the deep south or any large US city and you’ll have no problem witnessing it firsthand.  Also, the mention that there are no scholarships just for being white-that’s a lie. Take a look at this: http://tinyurl.com/6flbh6v
I always thought that Pride Celebrations were open to each and every LGBTQ person and non LGBTQ persons who support LGBTQ rights.   I also think that its very sad that Black Lives Matter somehow think that their rights and freedoms are fulfilled by denying equal rights  to others.  In fact, Black Lives Matters definitions of their rights seem little different than the supposed "rights" of the homophobic born agains...the religious right now argue that its  their human right to deny the rights of others...just like Black Lives Matter somehow feels they are first and foremost....and that they have the rights to exclude others.  There is racism in Canada. There is anti-black prejudice. Most of what Black Lives Matters raises as important issues...are important issues.   But in terms of tactics....BLM is way off base. IMHO   Its just that when BLM move to deny someone else the right to participate equally in Pride......including police in uniform.....I part company with them.
Yes, let's let them have it. What other choice do we have? Now that we have a white racist headed to the Whitehouse to replace the black man I guess all of the talk about 2nd Amendment remedies can stop huh?
Anyone can google: Black Lives Matter Canada co-founder Toronto Student Union.  The Globe won't touch the story with a 10 foot pole, because political correctness.
It's 82% of white homicides committed by other whites, not 90%.  But here's the difference. Blacks are only 17% of the population; whites are about 64%.  The number of homicides in the two groups pretty close to the same - whites' are higher, but not by a lot -- which means blacks are killing their own about five times more often than whites as a percentage of population.  Which makes it a significantly bigger problem for blacks.  It has a lot to do with drug dealing and gang activity.  Most of the victims are criminals themselves.
It goes to anger and hatred.  Which stem, in no-small part, from our two-party political system, which divides our society into 2, and that division forces a lot of us into one "camp" or the other.  It then becomes conservatives vs. liberals, gun lovers vs. gun haters, black vs. white, straight vs. gay, and so on.  This division panders to the human ego, and people become convinced they must defend their fragile psyches from external attacks.  That creates the insecurity and fear that is so-often reflected, even in the comments on this site.
While I may agree that Richard can, at times, be a bit overdone on his use of certain hyperbole, I have to also say that in some regards, he does have a point. He does not describe all black Americans as thugs. He describes those that commit the crimes and a number of the BLM members who actually do refuse to listen reason or facts and who say they are protesting, then burn and loot the small businesses as thugs. In that, I agree with him. Most of the businesses burned and looted are ones that will actually help a neighborhood change and improve. While I do not blame Obama for the problems we are seeing, Obama has not really helped either. Neither blacks nor whites are influenced by the presidents behavior in large measure. I find it interesting that you care more about extrajudicial killings of one color rather than those of all colors. Whites are killed more frequently any other race, according to studies by Harvard and the University of Washington, whether armed or unarmed.
You have no argument so you resort to deflection.  Of course anthropogenic habitat destruction takes the greatest toll on wildlife.  But feral and at-liberty domestic cats destroy 2.6 billion birds each year in the US, more than all other human impact combined EXCEPT for habitat destruction.  Your argument is no more logical that arguing that those Texas klansmen who in 2011 dragged an elderly black man behind their pickup truck until his head was torn off are not as bad as the da'esh ("ISIS") because the latter behead more people; or that heart disease kills far more than cancer, so for God's sake lets not DO anything about cancer.  That is what passes for the "logic" of your argument.  Anything else you care to add?
It's not that Trump feels a need to lie about it. What's more glaring is why the media feels a need to bring it up. The size of Inaugural crowds means nothing. The media is just bitter that the Democrats lost. My previous statement about there being a group of people coming to Obama's inauguration simply to see a black President being sworn in is 100% fact. Unlike you, I'm not so arrogant as to believe the truth will never offend anyone.
Read the sentence without the word "our." Is it still true? I think not. Substitute "Oregon Ducks" for "Jews" in the revised sentence. Is it still true? I think not. The possessive nature of the word "our" appears to be essential to the meaning of the sentence. Yes, Messrs. Johnson and Loewy, a single word can matter. As I suggested in respect of the original letter, the author may be channeling Ramses II who was sop enamored of "his" Jews that he would not let them go.  Remember the old comment: "Some of my best friends are blacks (You can substitute another word if you like). . The tone of the overall comment is to suggest that there are some (Jews in this case) that are more acceptable than are others. That, in one word, is discrimination, or, in the alternative hate.
I get it, you like to promote racism.  there are ways to celebrate achievement without getting into the color of one's skin.  I do not celebrate Black History month.  I celebrate individual achievement.   BTW, I am a member of the Purple race, when are we going to have a month dedicated to the history of my race?  ;-)
the Black market need not worry it will actually bring more customers their way.
"Since when is it our right to determine what laws we will or will not follow?" Since black people don't get to be considered innocent until proven guilty, we don't have equal protection under the law. You need to understand that we have never had equal equal rights for all citizens. The amount of justice you get is based on your race, gender, wealth, or lack there of.
Better not use "black mark" or "white hat", since they can be interpreted as racist.
And for each one of those, there a number that are, same with blacks. 238 whites vs 123 Blacks killed by police. Again, your narrative is losing ground...
Aaaaaaah...the difference is I have nearly all of my life LIVED in predominantly black and brown neighborhoods, whereas you probably couldn't FIND one.  That means I will value my own experience over your hysteria.  Sorry, that's just how it is.  PS: Palestinian buddy of mine runs a restaurant right next door to a tea-shop catering to "gay" clientele.  Within walking distance of UNM at Albuquerque.  His food is good and he does a brisk business with an overwhelmingly Muslim clientele.  I once asked him about the tea-shop next door.  His reply was to shrug his shoulders and say, "between them and Allah".  But same question to you: how to the sled-necks in the Matsu react to those "socially different"?  We got an eyeful of that when Amy Dumbitchsky initiated a hate-campaign against an African-American Muslim neighbor.  Another embarrassing black eye for Alaska.  As if Palin and Young weren't enough.
The KKK was founded as the militant wing of the Democratic Party FYI...now they keep blacks as slaves on government benefits instead of cotton fields
I remember a movie I think was entitled Prince of the City. At a police department there was this "persuader" who was a huge 6'6" muscled black dude. He had short blonde curly hair and wore nothing but dark glasses, construction boots, and a white jock strap which did little to hide his manhood. He would walk in announced when a perp was verbally uncooperative and just slap the smart alec with one huge hand sending him flying into the wall. Then he would leave without a word or facial expression. Need this kind of guy in Congress, Hollywood, and in all law enforcement departments. Imagine Chief Ballard pulling this new stud on a leash around her new office and barking, "Eh Brah! No beat up my friends on video cam. No beat up little innocent guys in gambling halls." Then she claps her pet's buttox twice loudly. "Come on baby doll. A new chief's in town."
Time for a little education Mr Racist  1)The economy of this country is white; this group of mainly Afrikaner men control almost all the levers of our economy  What utter bull manure SA's 16 top richest people : 3 are Afrikaners, 2 are black 1 is Italian, 8 Are Jewish and 2 are English South Africans. 2)  Of the R5.8-trillion private property (excludes agrarian and commercial land) value in South Africa, blacks own township or RDP style properties. Statistics SA proves your cliams to be a lie  Africans now own about 52% of the land that households claim to own if measured by size of the property. The majority of first owned properties is African owned. Regarding second brick dwellings 94.2% of second properties are owned by Africans,  3) that receive mammoth discounts on their power  For 22 years black people have run Eskom so who's fault is this???  You sir are clearly spewing rubbish in order to create racial tensions within SA to deflect attention from your parties corruption.
The purpose of the statues was to intimidate blacks. They don't belong anywhere on public property. Even Lee was against display that open wounds and prevent healing.
It's very easy to talk about " an intellectual aspect to our striving for unity" when neither you, nor your family or friends are at risk of being attacked by individuals or groups who believe that blacks ought to be at the back of the bus.  This apparently happened in Queens, NY:   pic.twitter.com/c4TBmYCoCe.   Also, one cannot strive for unity with bigots until it first becomes clear that bigotry and homophobia and misogyny and xenophobia are very wrong and will not be included as part of that unity.
"White people make up roughly 62 percent of the U.S. population but only about 49 percent of those who are killed by police officers. African Americans, however, account for 24 percent of those fatally shot and killed by the police despite being just 13 percent of the U.S. population. As The Post noted in a new analysis published last week, that means black Americans are 2.5 times as likely as white Americans to be shot and killed by police officers.  U.S. police officers have shot and killed the exact same number of unarmed white people as they have unarmed black people: 50 each. But because the white population is approximately five times larger than the black population, that means unarmed black Americans were five times as likely as unarmed white Americans to be shot and killed by a police officer."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.4e3697865bd1
"Jesus was a white man, too ... he’s a historical figure and that’s a verifiable fact, as is Santa."  - Megyn Kelly, FoxNews  This is what white FoxNews watchers expect to hear when they tune into their safe space to hear about Wars on Christmas and boycotts of Starbucks because of the design of the cups and boycotts of Target for not wishing you "Merry Christmas" and treasonous white supremacist Confederate Flag "heritage" and welfare rancher cum guy who points guns at LEO Cliven Bundy telling Sean Hannity and the rubes what he knows about "the negro". You all get triggered by cups and seasons greetings and grazing fees and black Santas and anthems and football players who have the audacity to state that Black Lives Matter.
Black Lives Matter people are not racist or violent, snarky.   They are just trying to stop police shootings of unarmed, innocent African Americans as well as poor whites. African Americans are eight times more likely to be shot by police than whites. However, poor whites are increasingly also victims of police violence. Please use the Dogpile search engine snarky, and get some real information on Black Lives Matter instead of mindlessly watching corporate controlled FOX (Faux) News.  You are getting your misinformation from Far Right News Sites who want to get you focused on crapping on African Americans so you do not see the real problem-the U.S. has by far the greatest concentration of wealth of any developed nation.  Fueling racism is a diversion away from their wealth hogging.  Get out of your racist group and into a union.
How can our nation move on, if we are still apologizing for the past. No one living today, is responsible for what happened to the black units back in World War II. Maybe it is your white privilege to tell me that I am naïve or ignorant but you forget in your own ignorance that black soldiers only made up 33% of work force, not 100%. In all areas of service during that war, huge majority of black units were in support, supply and construction operations. They do called it "military Jim Crow", Susan. There is nothing we can do today to erase our nation's legacy on racism since it is part of our history. Live with it and understand it.. But when you overhype someone's role just because you feel guilty, then that is patronizing someone.......a racist aspect if I am not mistaken. Believe it or not, most of us minorities are quite aware of  the racial wrongs inflicted upon us. We don't need your patronizing attitude to throw us a holiday. Just make sure it don't happen again!!!
If you are holding pork bellies, there is no promise to repay, either.  Pork bellies are worth the market value of pork bellies, nothing more, nothing less.  The same applies for gold.  The price that any object in the market can command is entirely based upon demand.  The same applies for gold.  During war time, the price of diamonds and precious metals can often fall very far, very fast.  The price of, e.g., eggs, milk, fresh meat, and so on, can rise very quickly.  That is what black markets are all about.  There are many good introductory texts on economics that explain basic principles of economics.  Perhaps you might enjoy reading one of them.
Whatever the Democratic Party did or did not do to woo those elusive "white working-class voters," for all practical purposes the issue is now moot. The white working class voter is totally beholden to Donald Trump and the Republicans now.  Either they will deliver on the many promises made to that elusive constituency or they won't. Doing yet another post-mortem on Democratic failures now is tantamount to navel gazing. The only question that matters is: why did these people vote against their own economic interests?  As for Sullivan's claim that "it's forbidden to really acknowledge that the white working class, or the working class in general, are not just facing economic problems, they're facing economic apocalypse," I ask, forbidden by whom? Certainly not Democrats, whose party platforms have long championed the economic interests of the white (and black, and everything in between) working-class poor in nearly inverse manner to that of the Republicans. Sullivan needs to get a grip.
Sometimes, George, people are even unaware they have a warrant due to a court misplacing docs or some other procedural error that resulted in a warrant being issued. He may not have even known he was wanted. Regardless, does 50+ days just sitting in a jail cell without so much as a preliminary hearing (for a MISDEMEANOR no less) sound like justice to you? Let me guess, you are a police and justice system apologist - "Everybody arrested must be guilty otherwise why would they be arrested?" smh  Educate yourself. The world is not black and white.
what crimes, misdeeds and errors did the cop make?    he invaded a space the other driver who , in her own car, had the right to feel safe in - her space.  so the cop trespassed .   then he put hands on another party - that's assault as any cop will tell you in a heart beat if it looks like you may touch them, the cop - so the off duty cop assaulted a man.   yelling at the woman was intimidation and threatening.    good god, what if the driver had been a man or the people had been black?  really and not saying it to stir the pot. the off duty cop was pretty hopped up to open her door as he did.  i'd check him for steroids in the least.  doesn't matter ho was in that other car, he had no right to confront them...especially in front of his own family. feel sorry for them.
"Even if Zille’s voicing of her opinion is constitutionally sustainable on the basis of her right to freedom of expression, the tastelessness with which she exercises it right conflicts with others’ right to dignity (which includes the aggrieved’s right to frame the story) and will be the reason neither the DA’s nor South Africa’s Constitution will be supported by voters come 2019: those legal frameworks fail to endow black persons with equality."  Freedom of expression also includes the right to respond and debunk opinions one doesn't agree with.  And people did.  That's equality.
I was referring to Charles Regular and repetitive  assertions that blacks have been abused continuously since the country was taken from the natives and the first black slave brought here.  Re-do your math.
The Dutch reformed church specifically supported apartheid. Christian slave owners also supported slavery. When someone claims to have a pipeline to an imaginary supernatural being they can make up any claim they want to, including "Mark of Cain" as an excuse for slavery.  Don't Mormons promise that everybody with brown, black or other skin pigment will we washed European White as part of the afterlife insurance policy.
What? If it was a picture of a black man, it would be less exclusionary or offensive? Come on - this is getting ridiculous - it's a picture. They had to have a picture, so they picked one.  People need to stop LOOKING for reasons to be offended.
right.......did you know the latest church shooter was black........hardly made the news...now if he would have been white...........
I told them the story of having to protect white kids from being strongarmed and suggested such action by AfricanAmerican students contributed to racial division and supported stereotyping of Blacks as thugs...since, in fact, they were being thugs.  Predictably, this engendered some lively discussion.  The more "radical" Black students asserted it was "OK" because Blacks had been the subject of discrimination for decades and "get back" was warranted.  I presented the "counter-position" that those kids they were strongarming had NOT practiced that discrimination and were not guilty of the "sins of their fathers."  ....lively discussions....  Today I feel were seeing the same phenomenon from some more radical Blacks......I don't agree with it and I feel it only exacerbates the racial tensions we see today....I'm dedicated to non-violent protest and really hope the counter-protesters addressing the revival of white supremacy are both willing and able to be non-violent.  Gary Crum
The incidents you describe certainly were examples of  "feelings of superiority" at work, a type of "privilege," or feeling of entitlement at work. And you are right, it had nothing to do with race. But that does not negate the fact that in many circumstances involving authority, white people are given the benefit of the doubt when people of color are not. My cousin in Northern Ireland experienced the same kind of discrimination as a Catholic teen shopping at a Protestant-owned business --and everyone involved was white.  The fact that whites are sometimes discriminated against or looked down on by other whites who have money and power does not negate the fact that MANY times blacks and people of colour are discriminated against in circumstances wherein the white person is not. But you won't be convinced. There are none so blind...
Black Lives Matter should research their ancestral history before blaming everybody else.
(Part two of two) While Catholic voters are moving in to the Democratic column, white Catholics tip for Republican candidate Donald Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton, 48-41 percent . . . .and Black Catholics something like 90-10 percent.  "When you talk about issues of social justice, poverty alleviation, environment, immigration, social equity, all of a sudden you see an alertness among the Latino population" because those issues "disproportionately affect that population.”—Maria Teresa Kumar . . . and even more disproportionately Black Catholics and that for centuries in the United States.  If young Latinos are also concerned about social justice issues, (Cokie) Roberts said, they will be important not only in fully representing the Catholic church "but also in keeping the church alive."  Something Black Catholics have been trying to do through centuries, rather than decades.
I agree and think the ball is in the court of whites. We need to reach out to our black brothers and sisters and change our narrative to be inclusive and caring. In fact, we should not see colour as a separation or difference but an opportunity to join and include a new community in friendship. Before we know it, our community will include all colours, languages, and cultures and we will be enriched by our efforts.
It appears that it is mostly African Americans committing the bulk of the crimes whereas they are a minority in populace within the community.  Why is that?
Gosh, let's blame it on foreigners.  Sure, xenophobia is the solution! . It's the modern-day equivalent of blaming the Black Death on Jews, and then being surprised when murdering all the Jews in pogroms didn't cure bubonic plague. . Why don't you prescribe solving the problem by bleeding with leeches?  Or burning witches? . The fact is that immigrants have made Canada, and themselves, vastly richer, and without them income inequality in Canada would be even worse. . The ageing of our workforce is a demographic and economic time-bomb.  Countries such a Japan and Italy (and even China) are already seeing this effect. .. To cut immigration in an era of a rapidly aging population would merely assure old-age poverty for the great majority of Canadians. .. But sure, let's blame foreigners for causing us to follow suicidal tax cut policies.
- Any time a white man disparages and demeans a black woman by attempting to dismiss her as being unworthy of even having a substantive voice, …that's racism. Kelly's actions were no less racist than if he'd called her 'uppity', …it was just Kelly's way of trying to 'put her in her place'. He failed. As is just.
To be clear, #BLM standing alone is not the problem, nor is the notion behind it. The problems for #BLM, as I see it, are:    1. Putting forth and standing by false information from time to time.  2. Encouraging illegal behavior at #BLM and other rallies.  3. Encouraging and/or condoning retaliatory violence against police.  4. Denial of the facts, which several black leaders and parents have also noted is the more significant problem here---black-on-black-violence (about 90%) of deaths of black people in US.  5. And to be clear, white-on-white violence is equally awful. 6. Failure to acknowledge the existence of reverse racism, bias, etc.   It's really a complicated topic that cannot be simplified by just blaming police either.
No Kizsla, they have only one, the CUSTOMERS.   The paying fans won't turn their backs on America's flag and anthem over these misinformed 'injustices'.  In 2015, (latest statistic I could find)  258 blacks were killed by the police, during that same year 60000 SIX THOUSAND black on black murders took place.    And you want a vet to go to a game to see their display of disrespect?  None should go.
LOS:  Of course no one is forced to watch an NFL game.  Change the channel or turn of the TV and go outside and enjoy the sunshine....that's your choice.  Over my lifetime there have been boycotts to impact policies of companies and, of course, of our nation.  You may remember the "boycott grapes" action to support the unionazation of farm workers.  You may remember the "Montegomery bus boycott" when Blacks protested the "back of the bus" segregation by not using the busses.  On the flip-side, when the Dodgers integrated major league baseball by playing Jackie Robinson, some long-time fans boycotted their games.  I personally boycott NIKE to protest their foreign "outsourcing" of manufacturing to nations where working conditions are, IMO, unacceptable..Boycotts are a free speech/free expression DEMONSTRATION of one's beliefs and concerns.  ..just as is "taking a knee" during the SSB to demonstrate concern for racial discrimination and police brutality.    Freedom comes in many forms GC
@richmond anon, how about the part in the article above that states "The previous Liberal government resisted long-standing requests for change to local campaign finance rules..."  And when better to lobby than with a BC minority gov't focusing on the very thing?  Your criticism seems like an automatic they-say-white-we-say-black response.
Gee whiz.  I'd like to hear an example of that "real hate" that needs to be killed by an individual with a gun.  I've got no problem with the Confederate flag.  You got one as a decal on your pickup truck, fine.  "White and proud" is fine too.  Just the flip side of James Brown's "I'm Black and I'm Proud".  Gotta wonder what the "unapologetic" addendum is about, though.  What would one be apologizing for?
I believe it runs deeper than you think. I recently visited a cousin in Alabama whose in laws own a large farm. According to my cousin, they have frequent target shooting contests on this property where the targets are cutouts of blacks(Obama in particular) and Hispanics. I know this is anecdotal but, judging from the number of confederate flags and alt-right yard signs I saw supporting "white rights" I think those participating in the protest were just the tip of the iceberg.
Very well stated. Obama got elected because he focused his rhetoric on how to bridge the racial divide, which persuaded enough non-blacks to vote for him. Clinton could have used the same approach to gender, but chose not to. She lost because of her own bad judgment.
The “Black and White” school of thought is the most worrisome of all. The Penguins are not necessarily doing the wrong thing, or the right thing as the article would have you believe. They were invited to one of the most revered places in North America and they’re going to go. This has nothing to do with anything but hockey and history. A lot of these players, football included, care about one thing, and that’s sports. Politics doesnt need to dictate their school of thought. These are kids and men with dreams of seeing The Oval Office, with a multicolour view of the world. Fortunately for them, they haven’t conscripted to the way media needs you to think, and thankfully, there are still some free thinking, up for discussion individuals out there who are not being brought down by the negativity that is the racist-media-spun political filibuster of sorts. Remember Shoalts, you can’t change the mind of a wise man, he will ultimately change his own mind for himself.
"Obama ran for office on the premise that he was a black man. He was not a woman and he was black. He had very little more going for him than that."  I'd like to point out that OBAMACARE is here to stay. Obama, being sorta familiar with constitutional law scribbled out the ACA and slid it under the noses of the SCOTUS and they said it was lawful. The entire altrightpubs clump swore it was unconstitutional. Based on whatever fox "LEGS!" had to say about it that day and the day after for years. I'd also like to point out that the "1st day" is long since past and OBAMACARE is still the law of the land. The altrightpubs were positive OBAMACARE would be vaporised once the altrightpubs were in command of all three branches. Their voters were positive the promise of "Root and branch" repeal would be kept. Nopers, lolol...That "non hero" McCain once again proved worthy of the moniker "hero". He took his thumb and stuck it in the oompa's  proverbial eye in front of all of America. 1-800 empire!
"This is all about racial injustice and white resentment that minorities no longer know their place in society." False.  A majority of Obama's total vote nationwide coming from white voters.  How can you square this with what you said above? ************** The people who take a knee are supposedly doing that for the same reason Kaepernick did.  He said:  “America refuses to address the pervasive evil of white cops killing black men, and I will not stand during a national anthem that honors the flag of such a country!”    So it is, after all, about giving the finger to "such a country."
The "God given right to life" is protected by the right to own firearms. Without that right, we are at the mercy of tyrannical governments and violent criminals. All the 5 justices is read what what right there in black and white instead of twisting it's meaning into some kind of misinterpreted collective right like the 4 left wing justices tried to do.
"Black, who represents far-southeast Denver, isn’t a cat owner."  Politicians love to pass laws to affect other people.
Black Lives Matter T.O. has taken over Pride Toronto. Pride has more or less surrendered and exists in name only. Those who oppose BLMTO have left, including sponsors (the next shoe to drop). Those who have stayed are part of the anti-white/anti-male fringe who were always there, who have (for now) made friends with the new BLMTO rulers.   Pride Toronto started unraveling when they began making the festival about everything OTHER than gays rights issues. This was followed by constant pressures from the Anti-Israel Apartheid movement to be included, and then City Hall under Rob Ford made that pressure boil over... leading to last year's full-out Conquest by Black Lives Matter.  So basically, it's up to BLMTO whether public funds stay or go, but they in all likelihood don't care about what happens to Pride.
Shoot he's not black he's Caucasian. Stop with the BLM comments already. Beside's there's barely the BLM movement here in Alaska. .My condolences to the families of Ben and especially to my niece Tammy Sue, her babies father just died tragically. :'( .praying for you <3
Until religious, ethnic, cultural, societies accept there is a problem within and speak out about it, there can be no acceptance.  When we accept as fact Muslims, Natives and Blacks are victims, then we excuse bad behaviour of the few.  Society as a whole become responsible for those few.  The segment of society that acknowledges there is a problem, should ask for and receive help from society as a whole to solve the problem of the few.    White supremacists are also a problem, but this motion doesn't address that issue.
Please, no premature evaluations! This is a tragedy. We do not yet know who did it or why. We have theories and concerns, but they are not fact.   I do not believe this has anything to do with the unjustified shootings of black citizens. While that is a tragedy in this country, this seems unrelated and an opportunity to wrongly take the focus from the current reality. We will all know more in the coming days.  But for now: Black Lives Still Matter.  And I am sure that no one would disagree that the lives of innocent public servants, who have not participated in the illegal killings of anyone, also matter.
Sorry, Broom Hildary and Horndog Bubba will never be President and a Shadow President respectively.  And President Obama will leave the white house on January 20, 2017 and continue race hustling to keep black people angry, resentful, and paranoid about white people; that is when he is not on the speech circuit internationally bad mouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the UN.
Krugman said Hillary Clinton would be judged by a standard higher than that of any of her Republican competitors, we just didn't realize by how ridiculously much higher of a standard it would be. Actually, there's obviously no standard for Republicans and an impossibly high one for Democrats especially if the candidate is female or in Obama's case, black. The audacity of Obama suggesting that sexism was preventing men from voting for Hillary Clinton! Now anti-establishmentarianism is trending. It's a establishmentarianism wearing a white, sharply pointed hat that includes a full-faced cloth mask with eyeholes. Dowd wants a piece of the herd behavior action, her fair share of gratuitous stabs.
Seriously doubt she'll think about any of this.  We're talking an teenager from a moneyed, "connected" family that got away with killing a husband and father.  She wasn't raised to be accountable for her actions or have regrets.  Being a white kid--especially a rich one--is tantamount to a "get out of jail free card" in Alaska.  Anyone heard anything about Danae Kish, the young black woman who ran down a Native man last September?  Five'll getcha ten she's still under the jail.  Ellis on the other hand will think about her crime until the next fashion sale comes along--maybe.
I'm not sure what your point is. Are you saying "hey we named one street after a black guy, so that should be enough - we've met our quota?"
Most people attribute leadership to Lincoln and most people know Lincoln was Republican.   The only thing that matches your 95% number is the level of your personal paranoia.     The majority of Republicans also signed the Civil Rights laws as well.  The attempt to block poor voters and specifically black voters that lean Democrats originated with Bush Jr's(Carl Rove) insight into leveraging the white Evangelical South for voting strength.    The party capitalized on the mostly unspoken bigotry toward blacks in the South and wrapped their intentions in self-righteous religious cloth.      Now the pretense is dropped and the alt-right becomes the center of Republican politics with their very own President.  I have hopes that Republicans of good will and high ethical standards will continue to push back toward the party of Lincoln.
"White racists never take responsibility for their behavior." Do black (or other) racists take responsibility for their behavior? Isn't is racist of you to single out the white racists? Will you take responsibility, or will you claim ignorance? And what does your last comment have to do with your original inaccurate assertion that "most cops are killed by white men"?
The ACA is essentially the same plan that was introduced in Massachusetts when Romney was governor.  When the First Black President introduced it nationally, Republicans switched from boasting about it .............. to hating it.
From the obviously on purpose grainy picture.. looks like a white skinned black man. I could be wrong,
You didn't answer any of those, you just spun it for your own good... like a cop. Y'all need to take responsibility for your actions. Black people are 3 times more likely to be killed by police than white people. Of black people killed by police, 30% were unarmed, as opposed to 21% for white people. So if you're really so innocent, turn on your body cameras and prove it. And RIP Eric Garner, as well as the many that came before him and after him.
for eight years people had to hear how Obama was illegitimate because he was black while governing.  Why do you expect the "other side" to play by different rules?
When the President decides Confederate flags next to the US flag is completely disrespectful and anyone who puts a Confederate flag next to the US flag should be fired, then I might credence your comment....except for one thing.  Football players are not kneeling because they 'despise' the flag.  They are kneeling because they don't like what passes for justice for blacks in the US.  Most football players have military members in their families and so 'despising' the flag is not on their radar, but apparently it's on yours.
Nonsense. Even though I was very much against Obama's policies, I was happy we had a black president because I figured it would be good for race relations, and a great example for young black children that they can acheive anything in this country.  Sadly, I was very wrong about the effect his presidency had on race relations.
Nearly all the posts in here sicken me. This is a watershed moment of violence... I can't even tell from a headline if "police shootings" refers to the senseless killing of black people or the senseless shooting of police. Is this the time to fall back on easy sound bites of "blame the NRA" or  Obama's "race baiting" and "the police acted stupidly"? I don't know how making posts like those seem like a good idea in the face of a complex tragedy. It certainly is not as simple as either Ward or you make it out to be.
Oy vey.  And so the pot calls the kettle black.    Why am I not surprised?
“Amazing how it falls under ‘academic freedom’ when a black (woman) spews this extreme bigotry yet everyone knows if a straight white male said anything close to that they would be rightfully fired.”  There are many who would agree with this statement. I wonder if perhaps some individuals with a PhD go into other fields that earn more money. Perhaps that is why the statistics are what they are. Maybe it's also partially a result of the preponderance of older Caucasians living in the U.S. and in a generation, the census mix and make-up of professors will be different. Totally agree with Keala's comment that there would be more value in looking at character and not skin color.
Bobby Titcome. The Punahou football player who's Barack's best friend and golfing buddy? Tranny? Something about blacks and TS's have a natural bonding? Did not know that.
Excellent thoughts, Scott.  I suspect that Burke & Co., including those on this forum who think in absolutist terms, look upon "irregular situations" as exactly that -- abstract cases that fall outside of proscribed black-and-white lines of conformity, and which must be brought within the range of ancient doctrinal conformity before benefits are bestowed.  Francis and others of us see these cases as real, actual families in pain, living the results of poor and youthful decisions and mistakes, or just the twists and turns life itself throws at us -- but who wish to resume an active life within the Body of Christ. I saw this pain every Sunday of my youth as my divorced/remarried dad abstained from communion, though his faith was the most singular aspect of his person.  Francis' pastoral heart and inclinations acknowledge the humanity which rules are meant to assist, not to torture.  I doubt Burke et al ever "see" real people at all.
This represents the logical fallacy of 'deflection', and is very commonly used by the 'no-kill', 'animal welfare' simpletons who don't want animals to EVER be killed for ANY reason.  It also reflects a fair degree of hatred for one's own species, i.e. self-hatred, but that's something only natural selection can cure.  Consider:  If you witnessed a group of Texas Klansmen dragging an elderly black man behind their pickup until his head came off, would you accept their argument that they're not as bad as the da'esh ("ISIS") because they don't behead nearly as many people?  Or, would you accept the argument that since cardiac disease kills far more people than cancer, we shouldn't do anything about cancer?  The problem with many people nowadays is that they get their understanding of the natural world from the Disney Channel, not from going outside, observing and studying it.  Yes, I'm a grumpy old man.  I've earned it.
A tax revolt would be a mistake...for two reasons: 1. It would be too easily spun as 'the wicked whites (and Indians) against the poor black masses'...in other words it would be a political gift to the race-baiting politicians.  2. Once a system and a culture of tax-collection breaks down (or more importantly, once a culture of tax-evasion sets in) it will take decades to restore...and even if it should succeed in bringing the ANC down, it would hamstring whoever comes into power afterwards...by way of example: think about the legacy of 'liberation before education' - the damage done to the education sysetem in the 1980s still hasn't been undone!
Another rigged nomination by the Liberals.  Just like in Etobicoke Lakeshore where they parachuted that half-wit Jean Augustine in because she was a woman and black. Then when some Ukrainian Canadians rightfully elected a candidate they parachuted Iggy in. Crooked crooked crooked,
Well...given our past history, SCOTUS OK'ed slavery, (in fact stating blacks weren't "human beings", but "property"); the also OK'ed fdr's imprisonment of American Citizens of Japanese descent in Concentration Camps.  SCOTUS hasn't been operating under their Article III limitations since Marbury v. Madison.  As to citizens and/or voters....as we saw in the last election (Thank GOD for the Electoral College), the majority of voters were willing to put a corrupt, pathological liar, and unindicted felon (on MULTIPLE counts), with a sexual predator for a husband in the White House.  One has to question how long this Republic will last with the brainwashed masses willing to tear it down to the delight of progressives who will finally realize their goal of an all white utopian society with themselves in charge.
It has been a long, long time since white Americans in general actually thought that Black lives don't matter.
Exactly what form of protest would be acceptable for you?  Black people protest peacefully in the streets and they are called thugs.  Some protest by quietly kneeling and they are called racist, cop haters.  So exactly what form of protest would you find acceptable?
And those who didn't vote all wanted Hillary?   Not likely.  The only fair assumption is that the nation is relatively divided 50-50.   Roughly half the nation voted for Trump.  The larger point is what this means -- it means that roughly half the nation wanted Trump.  If you want to call it half the registered voters, it still means the roughly half the nation wanted Trump over Hillary.  Roughly half.  Now, what does that mean?  It means that roughly the same voting pool that elected a Black president -- not once, but twice --  decided to go for Trump over Hillary.  That is the larger point of my original post.
“I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizens' Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to ‘order’ than to justice […] who constantly says: ‘I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action.’” -- Martin Luther King Jr, from the Birmingham jail, 1963
I thought your affirmative action statement regarding a homeless black man having something more than a homeless white guy because of affirmative action was about that rationale, but I wanted to be sure I wasn't missing something that would help somebody. I'm not sure what you think is going on out there, but neither homeless person is going to get a job in a company without not being homeless first. So take a breath and allow a few steps to get these guys from homeless to not-homeless, from no shower to showers, from scrappy food to regular food, from no dentist or doctors for however long to being healthy, to maybe being able to interview somewhere for something, probably part-time, and surely for a small business in some way. Small businesses don't have any affirmative action requirements to start with.     If your fears are actually built on this scenario, rest easy. Not going to happen for either of them. Still on the streets homeless where you left them.
In your link, he merely says he would like to have a black wife rather than white, chinese, or whatever.  He said what he believed, a necessary ingredient of a great man.  If you had lived through the 60's and 70's while he was at his prime, you would understand just how important and impressive he was.  The world is smaller for his absence.
This  argument has been skewed by corporate owned media and the "deep state". Keeping people divided and misidentifying the problem.    I suppose folks are fine with black men being unemployed a 3-5 times the national average yet at the same time .gov allows 11 million **illegal** immigrants to workin jobs "no one else wants".  I suppose folks are fine with the rampant abuse of our 4th amendment, growing police state, and militarization of police.     MSM made the story in Ferguson,  about Michael Brown (a thug by most all accounts) Most whites saw it as cut and dry shooting and see blacks as supporting lawlessness.  Scratch the surface and find the Ferguson police department virtually funded the entire city government by constantly ticketing, a disproportionally black community, with every conceivable petty violation.    These marchers are misguided.  The protest should be about how **everyone's**  Constitutionally guaranteed rights are  being abrogated, at every turn.
I have a challenge that I extend to any members or supporters of the Toronto Chapter of Black Lives Matter.  Do you folks realize what a poor reputation you have with so many Canadians?  Seriously, you wreck a recent parade by laying down and obstructing and refusing to budge.  Who does that?  And your group has trouble - I mean seriously - has trouble somehow seeing that it is a HELPFUL thing for society when police are there in support of a pride parade with a police float?  My view of the Toronto Chapter of Black Lives Matter is that it is an organization comparable to a pile of unhelpful garbage. You folks are elbows up, in peoples' faces, demanding everything be your way or no way, you are like a bunch of three year olds having angry tantrums, you are like Donald Trump.  Please feel free to try to defend your pathetic organization under this post. Or else just accept it: Your group provides a lousy role model for anybody noticing your group.
Clinton supporters do the same thing. Evil pot calling evil kettle evil black. Enough of the false choice of voting out of fear for the lesser of two evils.  There are more independents now than both corporate parties combined. Independents won't vote for either false choice, regardless of what the fake polls say. That is why they are independents.  This is the year of the independent candidate. My guess is Bernie Sanders will win.  But if he decides to quit the race, then Jill Stein will become the next president. Her numbers have skyrocketed ever since Sanders was forced to endorse Hillary.
Ok, hypothetical posed in the "Black and white of a law". By the way, I spent 6 years as a police officer until I got injured on the job. Anyways that's besides the point. Let's get back to issues on hand and not doing "arguments of authority" and you don't know what you're talking about. Let's playing a hypothetical, a very simple one that everyone does almost everyday. It is illegal to jay walk, therefore the law is written and must be followed. It is against the law for a police officer not to enforce the law under this black and white world and not use their own discretion. A police officer does not cite an individual walking across the street that is clearly jay walking. Who is right then with the law being black and white?
We see this very differently.  The protesters have made it very clear that their protest was of the treatment Black Americans receive from police.  We all have our own opinions on a) that treatment and b) whether it is appropriate for the players to protest in the fashion they have.    However, I feel it's quite a leap for you to conclude these men "hate their country" and suggest they should move from America.  Ours is a great country.  One of the things which makes it great is our freedom to express our views.....regardless of how popular or unpopular they are......regardless of whether you, I or anyone else agrees or disagrees.  When we lose that freedom, we have lost an important part of America.  Gary Crum
Denigration of the first  black president? What a ridiculous comment Mr. Haycox. Why do you see color first? Denigration of the president is only because of his poor performance, inexperience, and the gridlock and divisiveness he has fostered. He created the Trump movement. What an achievement!
Democrats need only to look in a mirror to see who is responsible for the current political situation. The DNC guarantees the candidate will be the same person who eight years couldn't beat an unknown black man with no discernible record or qualifications. President Elect Trump destroyed the status quo in the Republican Party and now the democrats need to do the same in their party.
They let their hate for a black President hurt every single person in Alaska.
And we can thank obama and his administration for this. He was for the black lives matter riots and against the police. Sad......very sad indeed.
I don't think anyone understands. Taking a celebration and turning it into a zero-sum wet blanket of divisive politics  - nothing says inclusive like kowtowing to bullies threatening to hold the event hostage. Pride Toronto has already lost all credibility after caving to intimidation and bullying tactics.  Oh well, it's not like BLM Canada has a credibility problem with the founding members - it's not as if there was a lawsuit from the Toronto Student Union that would be front page news if not for political correctness. Anyone can google Black Lives Matter Toronto Student Union, see for yourself.
The situation is more like the Sheep getting together to try to tell the Sheepdogs how to fight the Wolf.  The only people in a group qualified to decide on how force should be used, are those with training and experience in the subject.  Your own statement is a prime example of this. "How do you put someone who defended the shooting of an 11-year-old black child as the facilitator of this use-of-force committee?".  With all due respect, you don't understand the first thing about the issue.  The SCOTUS has ruled many, many times that you cannot judge police actions by using the hindsight of 20/20, but only by what the officers knew at the time.  The officers thought that Rice was 20 years old.  He was 5'8" and 165 pounds and dressed in a heavy jacket.  They even radioed "shots fired" to that effect.  It takes less than one second for a suspect with a gun to shoot you.  You can say that they pulled up too closely, but that is just keyboard quarterbacking.
And in those "US military areas, squad bay, wardroom, or somewhere in the field." I found that each organization, from the fire team on up, had its own definition as to what was or was not acceptable.  That often seemed to me to be a function of that particular group protecting some of the most vulnerable who were still acceptable to the group and at other times that didn't come into play.  The group dynamics also varied with both internal individual membership changes as well as who the group 'banded' against.   When I was in a leadership position, the fun part was trying to deal with the formal rules imposed by civilian society in their omniscience as opposed to what the actual group chose to do.    When you have several black guys using the "n-word" about each other where the REMFs could be offended, it is not easy to keep 'good order and discipline'.  As a kid from Springfield Oregon in the 60's I learned almost every one of my derogatory ethnic terms on active duty.
“But you were perfectly fine with it when Obama held multiple closed door meetings with Black Lives Matter at the White House?” That’s quite an assumption out of nowhere. No! I wasn’t ‘perfectly fine with it’. I don’t know what was said in those meetings, do you?  Maybe Obama told ‘em that the radical factions/people in that group need to cool their jets.  I could see that.  I’m not ok with those cop killings or with cops killing people for no good reason & getting away with it. Not ok with some whackjob shooting Congressman. Not ok with the many instances of far right fringe whackos, KKK, neoNazis, etc bombing & burning Jewish synagogues, Mosques, & predominantly black churches. It has been documented that the great majority, pretty much all, of the homegrown terrorist acts have been committed by people that share the same views as those groups I mentioned.  Unless you get & believe all your “news” from some so called alt-right, conspiracy theory, web sites you know this.
Huge amounts isn't the prescription you have for black athletes. 99% is the prescription you have for black athletes. Not for white business men. Just for black athletes.  I'm still waiting for you to admit that if Trump cares so much about the flag or the National Anthem or Confederate monuments then he and his family should give away all but $100k of his supposed millions of dollars a year in earnings to protect and preserve those things.   Same with every CEO in America. Give away your money, boys! Because Como Estas thinks everybody should donate 99% if their income like he does. Oh wait. No, he doesn't donate that much. And he doesn't think white talk show hosts or business men should. He just thinks black athletes should.
Oh "DiverDave" you crack me up!  Sounds like you're not getting enough oxygen down there!  In the same post that you say labeling is wrong, you label people "African-American" and "Caucasian".
Hillary! e-mails! Benghazi! Keep deflecting. I didn't meet any black people until I was in high school, yet somehow, between then and now, I learned something of black history in this country, including "uppity" and "keeping their place", etc.
No T Bone it's all about portraying the dead as racial victims for you and all about race for you.  When someone points out that it CANT be all about race because the shooter and the 'victim' are the SAME RACE then you accuse said person of racism and making it all about race.   Your argument is not even as well constructed as a 2 year olds and since you insist on calling 'racism' every time it's proven it's not about race there isn't really any reason to do anything more than ignore your obvious trolling and race baiting.     If you want to have a real discussion rather than posting your lies and throwing a victim card based on race every time you are proven wrong, we can try again.    Otherwise if you feel you can prove black police officers are racist against blacks living in their patrol area.   By all means try to prove it.   You CANNOT make the accusation that police officers are racist against blacks because that's been proven to be categorically untrue.
I must have missed something, was that a joke?   You honestly didn't see or hear any of the comments, all the way back to the Iowa primary, questioning his birthplace, his patriotism, his allegiance to a black church, then his supposed allegiance to Muslim church's.  I not saying the President is faultless, I could question his leadership skills.    But that man has tolerated death threats, media condemnation, talk shows on radio, internet from parents basement called 'news'  - all with almost social restraint.     It's no worse the Johnson or Nixon, but neither of those 'strong' guys managed to complete a second term either.    Honestly if he had liked 'the fight' more, he would have come out swinging early, not waiting for his last 2 years.   Again, I hope you were making a joke - all Obama's fault, that's a knee slapper.
the only one who used or implied racism was the black guy. sounds like the native knew why they were being cut as we haven't heard any additions to the issue from her.
So then there is no Black American culture? The fact that many (but not all) blacks originated from Africa they are allowed to share a commonality. But those who originate fro.europe are not?  There is a very little difference between  American Born Germans, Scandinavians and Irish but they somehow share a common culture based on their skin color that only they understand. Because of course their common skin color prevents them from understanding black culture
InOregon,       A lot  of truth here with your words-- back when I was young we weren't taught actual history, it was all about  the "Winning  of the West".           No thought was given to what happened to the Indians, nor why we were virtually an all white state.   The "bad part" was erased. Our Centennial in 1959 was all about glorifying our  Pioneer history, little self-reflection on what our history had actually been.  By our Sesquicentennial in 2009 we were beginning to open a bit to review our actual history.  However, most folks weren't really involved.  Only a few folks could have told you who Mathew Deady or Joe Lane were, or known about the Exclusion Act.    Now, thanks to the Black Lives Matter movement and the support of President Schill, we have thousands of Oregonians reading, learning, and talking about our history, both good and bad.  We'll achieve a balanced history and we'll come out of this experience a stronger and better society.
Maybe television needs more Black and Hispanic doctors on it's drama shows. Or how about a drama show about a Chinese mathematician...oh, sorry, THAT would be racist.  And what do 12 year olds know anyway?
What was  the derogatory word used for blacks she allegedly used?  Is it the N-word?  In the black community I'm told that's no big deal,  as long as it black says it.
(Part one of two) Support for Democratic candidates during the same period, on the other hand, has come from "Hispanic Catholics, the religiously unaffiliated, Jewish Americans and African-American Protestants," he (Robert Jones, of The (Pontifical) (administratively censured) Catholic University of America) said.   This slight to Black Catholics is unseemly.  As of 7:23 this morning, Steven Shea, xswzaq9, 2Be4Peace, extend the unseemliness to non-white immigrants and Muslims .  As Philippians 3:6) remonstrated, “in zeal I persecuted the (Black Catholic) Church.”  “In just the same way, I tell you there will be rejoicing among the angels of God over one sinner who repents” (Luke 15:10).  The problem rests in what hearts seek.  “Let hearts rejoice who search for the Lord” (Psalm 105:3b).  Liturgy of the Word, Reading 488, Thursday of the Thirty-first Week in Ordinary Time II for the feast of Saint Martin de Porres.
Ok. So an undated report about lifestyle risks for black people in Sub Saharan Africa and a clinic in Cleveland that has implemented healthy lifestyle program. I agree that lifestyle definitely impacts health, including chronic health problems, that avoids the issues of where the problems begin.  Further, it's irrelevant when it comes to providing insurance/affordable access to heath care.  There are a myriad of environmental social factors - ills - that impact a person's ability to live a healthy lifestyle.   They are not necessarily controllable.  Are you pro vegan? Are you an environmental, anti-pollution activist? Pro clean energy? Or are you just anti healthcare for those who do not have the means to pay for it?
You just asked a racist question.   I am only saying what I read from officials in New York and other large cities. Do not deceive yourself by listening to the hate propaganda on the left. I agree family is the most important factor in making good hard working citizens. Do you know about 80% of black children are born out of wedlock?  Do you know most children must be raised by the mothers only because the men are off impregnating other women?  Most whites have no problem with black skinned people. But they do have a problem with the behavior of many blacks.  I think blacks have been incited by fifty years of Democrats and liberals screaming racism!  The human mind is easy to shape by the Mass Media.  Most blacks are decent moral people but there is a class of black who want to get rich fast. Please go to Colin Flaherty on youtube watch videos for a couple of days.  Get the truth and clear your mind of political correctness. The truth will set you free.
4:20  You deserve an answer to your question, but frankly I feel like some self-righteous egotist laying  out my lifetime "vita" here.  Lets' just say I was raised in Oregon, lived the bulk of my life here, love  it, but always felt our #1 problem was our history of racism which permeated our culture..  It's not guilt or misery that drives folks like Bishop, Johnson, Crum or me, it's our love and pride  for our state. (guilt only makes people angry and defensive, which we're not.)   So in my long life----as a college boy in the 50s I testified  for a black friend in Oregon's first test of the  1953 Public Accommodation Law;  I supported the Cow Creek Indians in Douglas County in the 70s/80s; my book "Camas to Courthouse, Early History of Lane County" gives a balanced view of Oregon's racial history; last Thursday I was a guest at the upbeat program at LCC's  Longhouse "2016 Youth Summit, 'Our History, our Stories, Our Future."   And yup, I'm a cheerful retired  UO  instructor.
Owning slaves that were primarily originally sold to us by their countrymen was, at that time, 'normal' - not liberal or conservative at the time of the sales- but that is a complex subject for another day.   Be advised it was the Northern Democrats that opposed the 13th Amendment...not the "the conservative South that opposed freeing blacks...Southerners were Democrats..."  as is stated here. **But yes, the pro-slavery Democrats did then form the Southern Democratic Party.    [...] Abolishing slavery was almost exclusively a Republican party effort... http://www.greatamericanhistory.net/amendment.htm
I thank you for that.  Not making excuses, for that is history and from stories passed down from generation after generation. You can read one of those here, it is a great read. But keep in mind, this as well from it:  "There is no evidence to suggest where in the Confederate high command the order to capture and return blacks to slavery originated."  http://www.gdg.org/gettysburg%20magazine/gburgafrican.html  *** Truthfully (and this is critical) - there is no documentation that it involved orders from General Robert E. Lee at all. None.   Surely we all know sometimes in war men, or groups of men, do some pretty terrible things that are not part of their orders. Today we track that better. In the Civil War, not hardly.   But we do know many of his soldiers also, against orders, released the captured slaves too.   This is a good read, from the old Encyclopedia-Virginia Under "Gettysburg to the End of the War" https://www.encyclopediavirginia.org/Robert_E._Lee
You left out the biggest elephants in the room, Dick, Republican leaning states that are trying their damnedest to block the black vote.  Federal courts are rejecting Republican voter ID shenanigans, stuffing the ballot boxes, and gerrymandering in their favor.
Exactly! It seems every time a black youth is killed by police, the grieving parent is the mom. Moms get recognized by black athletes but seldom is there a dad mentioned.
I'm sure there are a lot of white, Asian, black, Middle eastern, etc elderly parents living alone in their big houses. Their kids have moved out.  The elderly parents are now retired. It is understandable if they don't sell their big house. They can sit in their backyard. Occasionally, their kids will come back to their childhood big house for visits. There are grandkids who need bedrooms while they visit their grandparents.  It is understand if people in their 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's do not sell their big empty nest house.  If you get along with your parents, why not continue living with your parents in their big house?   WASPs usually move out of their parents' house at an early age. But Chinese, East Indians / South Asians, Italians, other Europeans, etc usually live with their parents until they can afford to buy a home or they get married.  Living with your parents, you save money. And the parents usually give some money for down payment.
And yet you can't quote them, or come up with a rational reason for why these allegedly racists Americans voted for Obama, twice.  This is your cognitive dissonance on display -- the inability to grasp the fact that American democratically elected a Black president, twice.  Your claim is that somehow, these same voters turned into Nazis overnight.    Why persist in such a polarized and untrue categorization of half of America?  There is no evidence for it.   And no, the so-called "alt right" is a tiny, tiny percentage of American voters.  In short, you've been sold a bill of goods by the media,  Maybe it's time to look at things afresh.
If USA elected a black president in 2008, a multi-cultural and diverse country like Canada can elect an intellectual, charismatic and young Sikh PM in 2019.
If people want to protest the killing of blacks at the hands of police then not visiting the White House isn't going to achieve anything. These protests need to take place at the local level across the country to let municipal and state leaders know that rampant abuse of force by police will no longer be tolerated. This bending down on one knee by celebrity athletes has only shifted the focus to where it shouldn't be (as one other poster here has already noted).
According to the 2015 FBI hate crime statistics, the latest available, there were 613 anti-white-related crimes out of 5,850 total cases. That's around 10.5 percent of all reported hate crimes, and within the yearly average, federal numbers show.  By comparison, the FBI reports there were 1,745 anti-black hate crimes or about 30 percent of all reported incidents. Jews were the most targeted religious group that year and were victims of 11 percent of all hate crimes. It's not clear how many anti-Jewish hate crime victims also may have been attacked because of their race.  The SPLC found that the number of hate groups operating in 2016 rose to 917 – up from 892 in 2015. The number is 101 shy of the all-time record set in 2011, but high by historic standards.
A lot of the so called "Black people" are doing fine in this country.  I think the "Black People" name is derogatory and insulting.  Humans are just people.  Let's quit putting titles on people based on color, religion, or national origin.
And there you hit the nail on the head: more dependency on government handouts, more auto-voters for the left.  Chicago, stop teaching your black kids that they are no good and have no chance to make anything out of their life because of the big bad racist white man. Stop creating victims, stop teaching them that you, the good lefty witch, will take care of them from the cradle to the grave, all in return for a vote. Stop teaching them to hate employers, stop teaching them to hate corporations, stop teaching them to hate successful people.  Nah, the left needs more victims: the last election clearly showed that they still don't have enough of them.
Not only do I believe I have a winning argument, I know that I do because I proved it with the historical record. Why do you think it matters that the number of people who are racist might be small? The point is that they vote Republican. Democrats don't espouse anti-American values, Republicans do. We espouse wholeheartedly American values that built this country into the "great" America you want again, except you don't stop to realize that Democratic administrations are what built that great nation. No, liberal policies keep black families together. Right wing policies drive them apart, deny them the right to vote, keep them segregated... Thomas Sowell is an apologist for failed conservative policies.
the shooter was black.
There was a fellow survivor there who could not put two coherent sentences together because of the psych meds that she needed to cope with what she had endured as a six year old. There were several older Catholics who had struggled and were still struggling with staying in a Church that allowed the abuse to occur and repeatedly covered it up. There was a significant amount of pain shared that day. As a survivor, I had always considered that it was an" us versus them" scenario. I learned that day that things were not so black and white. There  were priests and lay people that really cared about what had happened to me and my fellow survivors. As a recovering alcoholic, I have attended meetings that were not the same every day meetings. They rise to a spiritual level when someone shares aspects of their recovery that touches everyone in the room. The "healing circle" was like that for me. I thank the people who attended for taking a day out of their lives to actually listen to me.
Problem can be solved by hiring more blacks for their neighborhood.  Over 82% OF the police force in Toronto is white. The population of Toronto is only 48% white. Majority of officers are related to each other which is not healthy for the police force of Toronto. Also get rid of the union and it becomes more accountable.
How about they protest the black on black murders that happen non-stop in Chicago?
I had two aunts that were Sisters of St. Dominic.  Both were very orthodox when they were young, then they became progressive (after Vatican II) in middle age, then, finally, quite orthodox in their twilight years: I was very surprised at that; I never saw it coming!  I asked one of them why their Superior General, in pictures, always wore her Dominican, black and white, habit?  My aunt answered honestly: It was for political reasons: She knew she'd get a lot more donations from orthodox, wealthy Catholics if she wore a traditional habit.  Sad, but true.
White people counsel patience - for black people!  White people can luxuriate in patience; what's the problem? White people don't understand "white privilege" that comes w. their skin. In 1969 I attended a poetry reading by Leroy Jones in Boston. When I came to the auditorium, being white, I was told I had to sit in the balcony. The ground floor was for people of color only. First and only time in my life I was discriminated, segregated because of my skin color.  It was a teachable moment by Leroy Jones.  White people do not waste a nano second while awake or a moment of sleep concerned that they might be discriminated or segregated because of skin color. For black Americans discrimination is always, if not on the front burner, always on the back burner.  White people don't understand "white privilege" because of their skin which gives them a passport to move freely, never an object of suspicion. White people will righteously counsel blacks to be patient.
Regardless of whatever abilities, experience, and reputation she has, Hillary Clinton was destined not to win.   I was saying this two years before the election.   The United States is not ready for a female president.   There is a deep-seated element of machismo in the US that cannot cope with the concept of a female leader of their country.    The Americans have big hang-ups about at least three issues when it comes to positions of power:  I) female leadership in positions of true power;  ii) dark-skinned black people in positions of true power;  iii)  the muddled-up thinking that the US as a republic has somehow saved the country from the worst excesses of absolute monarchy.   In fact, the US is becoming more and more stratified by the minute, and the top 0.25% often behave like aristocrats with noblesse oblige that they switch on when it suits them.
If an Asian man wants his coffee black, is he a racist?
Oh, I thought American history has documented, well, that thousands of African American and Chinese were brought here by force for the sole purpose of slave labor, Malone
I think Brain Beutler (New Republic) got it right:  "Whether Melania knew she was reading plagiarized text or not (and I think it’s quite likely she did not) it’s just devastating to see a campaign premised on the imagined notion of Obama incompetence get caught stealing from Obama’s own operation.  But the power of the images is actually much deeper. They don’t just negate something central to Trump’s appeal. They amplify one (actually more than one) of the main knocks on Trump himself: That he’s sloppy, erratic, in so many ways the opposite of the virtues he claims to embody. And, let’s not gloss over it, this is a depiction of a campaign—a campaign that nurtures white grievance and resentment—trying to profit off the work of a black woman, from an African American family that Trump and his supporters regularly belittle. The fact that the plagiarized text in question was about the value of hard work just makes matters worse. A mortifying, calamitous, self-immolating moment."
Oh yes, Chuck...It is all about race isn't it. I have news for you, refusing to offer free health insurance carte blanche is NOT punishing the poor.  And futhermore how on earth can you claim to know what "white evangelicals" think ? Are you clairvoyant ? Omnipresent ? Bigoted ?  I have three boys and want to spend money on THEIR future in hopes that they can outrun us an help to solve some of these problems rather than add to them. Your 60's hippy rhetoric has not done the Black man any favors, has it. This is YOUR problem, you have created a new generation of slavery.
If the politicians continue their campaign to discredit police, they will have even more crime in Chicago than they have now.  There's already a problem with street gangs targeting police officers.  Incidentally many of the police officers in Chicago are Black, so it's not a "racist" problem.  It's a problem with politicans hiding in their safe spaces trying to micro-manage the police officers who constantly are face-to-face with life threatening situations.
The cartoon you posted on and what your are insinuating in your comment.  Two died on a Portland train defending a young Muslim woman.  AM radio and Fox pump out fear and loathing at an alarming rate. A Muslim girl gotten beaten to death in VA this past week but no one says anything about that. A black soldier was murdered in Maryland and it is being investigated as a hate crime.   The "Democrat" was an angry white man and domestic abuser who shouldn't have been able to buy a gun.   Alex Jones says HRC was a demon.  Coulter said NYC would be better without Jewish people.  Palin put targets on people's heads in a flyer. Trump invited Nugent to the white house.  Spare me with the pearl clutching.
Wow. So your argument is that more than a decade of actual, verified national statistics are wrong?  I'm laughing again.  You cannot refute what I have said so you claim the facts are wrong.  Simply, utterly, hilarious.  Why am I not surprised.  Also, in your previous post you accuse whites of bringing up race, but in this post you fall back on the race card.  Are you familiar with the word "hypocrite?"  Thanks for proving my second point.  Also, those 13,000 people murdered in Chicago since Columbine, the majority of them were black.  The majority of them were killed by other black people.  So who is really suffering from the murderous ways of the 6%?  I'll let you try to figure that out.  Finally, do you really think it's the police department's job to "control its citizens?"  Are you seriously saying that the citizens can't control themselves?  That is a very racist and scary revelation you just made.  Thanks for showing the world your true colors.
I see today that gun sales have dropped since Trump was elected...except to blacks and LGBT folks!  The anti-gun nuts just can't get a break!    In November, the FBI only  performed 2.6 million background checks.   "Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association, said his group has seen a recent surge that appears to be driven by fear that the nation’s divisive politics could spiral into violence."    "For Gwendolyn Patton, Trump’s victory has her caught in the middle: Some members of her LGBT shooting organization, the Pink Pistols, are thrilled to have a gun-friendly president. But many new members are terrified that Trump will roll back gay rights and feel they must learn how to defend themselves."   “Suddenly they’re buying guns,” she said. “The rhetoric has flipped.”   http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/gun-sales-have-dropped-since-trump%E2%80%99s-election-except-among-people-scared-of-his-administration/ar-AAnPIWm?li=AA4ZnC&ocid=spartanntp
Intimidation of blacks was not the purpose. I would sympathize with the cause of moving the statues, which have historical significance even if you dislike the history, to a museum but removing them because of fear of the mob is wrong. Due process should be applied; not mob rule.
if you say you identify as something you are not, that's your right to do so. but, don't force me to think you are anything other than what you are. . it's like rachel dolezal thinking she's black. that's okay by me. just don't force me to think of her as  black. . what if teenagers identify as being over 21, are we then to allow them to buy beer, or anyone identifying as being older than 65, do we pay them social security. . if people can falsify their birth certificate to alter their birth gender, they should allow date of birth and race to be falsified also. .
Right.  Professional black athletes, Congressional representatives and the President of the United States of America were not allowed to melt in.  Ten pounds of bs in a five pound bag from Dalton.
"Dan Letwin, a history professor at Penn State, wrote a timely "ode to alternative facts":  Well now, Kellyanne Conway has lately conceived Of a new understanding of what to believe When the truth gives you heartburn, don't worry, relax You can always resort to alternative facts!  Oh it works for the Donald and all of his hacks As they go 'bout promoting their retrograde acts Don't fret if your documentation is lax You can always get by with alternative facts! Don't fear all those women with signs on their backs The straight and the queer, the whites and blacks You can trivialize them with snide little cracks And wash them away with alternative facts! Just as loggers might swing an alternative ax And fell a great tree with alternative whacks When the truth won't cooperate, try some new tacks We live in an age of alternative facts!"
How could the cops possibly know that the black guy was an American?  He could be from anywhere in the world.
What did people think would happen? Black Lives Matters have been violent and at some rallies encourage beating of whites. A violent hate filled group on one-side will naturally enlarge a hate group on the other side. Only middle of the road thinking is the answer . Only the people who believe in hate will pick a side.
A lot of us old folks grew up with Mayberry RFD, on black and white TVs.  Its great to be able to watch those shows again instead of all the reality cr@p.  Sure wish we could see some Fireball XL5.  Have you any clue what Fireball XL5 is about?
Wow laulau.....3 people from Laie in the news the last couple of weeks......black eyes to all  Erin Ah Hoy....former prison guard, gotta pay $50,000 and taxpayers gotta pay another $50,000 to the lady prisoner he sexually abused.  Kaleo Nawahine.......contractor walked away from 11 million dollars in State contracts PSI never finished.  now this lady, yikes.......who's next?
The by-line for this article is SHOCKINGLY offensive, derived from the columnist's concluding paragraph.  If you move a mouse over the article's main page icon, you see this by-line:  "There's a difference between feeling mildly peeved, and actually being subjected to violence, which happens to women and minorities every day".  Hello?  Seriously, hello?  Um, VIOLENCE happens to MEN every day and, indeed, happens to WHITE MEN every day.  Where does this newspaper GET OFF, with its exclamation, painting society as a place where WHITE MEN are THE source of violence, and its victims are WOMEN AND MINORITIES?  What derailed and inflammatory NONSENSE.  Men in North America are killed at a rate THREE TIMES HIGHER than women, and murdered black folks are killed NINETY PERCENT OF THE TIME by other black folks (FBI crime statistics, "Race, Ethnicity, and Sex of Victim by Race").   The exclamation in question is NOT a helpful contribution to any meaningful discussion on violence in society.
With all due respect, what do you want them to do?  We have laws against armed robbery and, near as I can tell, we are hiring more police (maybe at the expense of snow plows).  What then?  A curfew?  Lock up all young black men?  Pass out guns to people?  Confiscate guns?  What would you have these lawmakers do?
Lastly:  Guns & gangs: I guess my biggest problem with the assumption (and with just about any recreational MJ piece I'm seeing in the CDN media these days) is the endless iteration that black market pot props up gangsters--a subject I refuted in my 2014 Master's of Anthropology thesis, corroborated by Susan C. Boyd (she was on the Federal Task Force to legalize and regulate) & Connie I. Carter's Killer Weed: Grow Ops, Media, and Justice (2014, U of T Press). The black market injects millions of dollars into local economies across the country---a cash flow that will not be matched by Liberal Gov. taxation scheme to regulate MJ. This is neoliberalism in action, the actual theft of wealth-generating political economies, and results in real pain at the community level, for many of BC and Alberta, NB, and ON/QUE rural communities. The guns and gangs trope is a sham perpetrated by law enforcement. Evidence from Killer Weed conjoins this discussion:
Alright. There are some nuances, but most mass shooters are still white males. There were a couple black mass shooters, and one women, but the thought that this one justifies a war against neatly 1/4 the worlds population is completely off track. Most mass shooters had some major failures in their lives and or psychological problems before they went on a rampage--this guy falls into that profile regardless of the reasoning he proposed. He wasn't affiliated with terrorists. He had known psychological problems, was on an FBI list and was allowed to buy a semi-auto rifle that isn't suitable for anything other than killing people.
Waiting for Trump to tweet something Presidential about the two Portland men killed by an alt-right terrorist, but I won't hold my breath. Silence from the President about the black college student in Maryland who was killed by a right-wing terrorist.
When a white cop shoots a black man, or an indigenous woman is murdered, their racial identities are in every news report.  Why is the racial identity of the criminal in this instance not mentioned?
I'm not a fan of BLM nor do I defend their tactics in any way.  Your comment however, is so superficial and simplistic that it borders on offensive.   While much, much worse in the US, stereotyping and racial profiling does exist in Canadian police services and needs to be addressed.   The issue is a disproportionate number of black youth (many who would not  be there at all if their skin was another colour) get pulled into the "corrections" system when police stereotype and make use of racial profiling.     As a privileged (white) young person, myself and friends often carried weed.  Not a single one of us was ever "randomly" stopped.   We got through our youth unscathed.   It just isn't the same experience for a young black male and that is a shame.
There is no shortage of money in this country. Just lack of will to care about life in  general. I think the government should serve the people. For example, it should not poison or kill children. That happens every day in this country and someone makes a profit from that behavior. To protect and serve all the citizens should be the government mission. That has never been true in this country. This country was built with rape, robbery, torture and murder. Criminals should not be in charge. If Trump were poor and black, the police would have killed him decades ago for his behavior. We should have equal rights for all. We have never had that. We have never had equal protection under the law.
Charles what makes you think disrespect is being shown for the American flag?  I think if you bothered to really look at the motivations of these people you will actually find a respect for it by standing up for the rights of all citizens and not just whites.  Have you noticed any difference in the discussion of this latest shooter and the various shootings involving cops?  Notice this shooter was white but most of these protests involve the sensless killings of young blacks by cops?  How is having a police state respecting the flag?
In the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an English three Canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization Anglo-Saxon, WASP equivalent to the United States ("White Anglo-Saxon Protestants").  Four members have been Prime Ministers of Canada,  Sir John A. Macdonald (father of « Canadian Federation » but not « Father of Canada »  which is Sir Samuel de Champlain in 1608 ),  Sir John Abbott,  Sir Mackenzie Bowell (a past « Grand Master » (?)),  and John Diefenbaker.   In 1927 the “Orange” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group, the Canadian Ku Klux Klan, which had its deepest roots in small towns in Saskatchewan because of the "yellow peril", but also because of the blacks...Jews...Catholics... (The “Ku Ku Nest” in the province campaigned against= teaching French + wearing the religious habit + the presence of crucifixes in schools.)
I'm Exhibit A.  Right.  I support the removal of Confederate monuments and applaud Mitch Landrieu, and I'm Exhibit A?  Bad lawyering.  What's Exhibit B?  Morgan Freeman?  The white Americans who voted for Obama?  Twice?  Yet you still allege that whites in general need to be reminded that black lives matter.  What a horrid accusation.  Despite "race norming," affirmative action in college admissions and hiring, you allege that whites generally don;pt give a damn whether blacks live or die --- because that IS the claim made by the very phrase "Black Lives Matter." --- that whites need to be reminded that it matters whether a black person lives or dies.   A horrible accusation to make against the white race.  No wonder there's such animosity now.  Re: Zimmerman, what bad law are you talking about?  So far as I know, the "bad law" under which Zimmerman was acquitted was standard self-defense law.
"never know the feelings of being black" turn it around and you will never know the feelings of being white.  "Black Like Me" from this white person view, was written at a time prior to the Equal Rights, it was an individual learning what the Blacks were going through, to inform the public, something wrong with that.  He never stated he was black, that was not his purpose, enlightment was.  Freedom and Rights are not taken away by Universities, Individuals, Groups, they cannot be taken away.  This was a party, in her home, her friends (care less if co-workers, students, FRIENDS),  Instead of going on, I'll use a person who fits your statement "because my blackness has no exit clause", Arthur Ashe "Days of Grace" I paraphrase Ashe, "Trouble with Blacks is they don't act Human" simply put, color is not the issue, it is an individual view, your human right? "I have a Dream" learn anything.  Who took picture? Why take Picture? Why show it?  1st question I had and others, answer it.
cont'd   "If the word "Ferguson" makes you uneasy, I ask that you, too, listen to the people who were changed by Brown and then think about what they have said."  Ferguson doesn't make me uneasy.  It makes me furious.  Furious that some like McGivern use such such a clear case of self-defense to stir real hatred among many blacks toward whites.  How can the Brown case, seen through such relentlessly discolored lenses, NOT stir such hatred.  It seems to be the desired goal.  What other goal can it be when we are told that Brown would not have died had he been white, and that he was shot by a racist cop merely for being "imperfect"?
I didn't claim my job was 'tougher.' I stated, no implication, that we have choices regarding whether or not to commit a crime. Not with respect to whether we are born rich, poor, white, black or any other color, into a loving family or abusive jerks who should never have kids. The choice to commit a crime, however, IS ours. And with that, come consequences. Believe me, I know how it works, having defended more than 5,000 people who made the wrong choice for whatever reason.
Did I miss something here?  It was the Black Community that came up with the self-description.  Please note that the term "Blacks" as I and the rest of the world use it is capitalized. Your post is odd but beyond that it isn't even correct.  The group Black Lives Matter must not know what they are doing or who they represent according to you.  Smh.   Your racist aspersions are empty and very uncivilized, Dawn.
Or the fact that only 11% of the blacks and only 12% of the Hispanics bothered to vote for anyone.    Those were a lot of the voters who voted for President  Obama; Twice!
I once heard a old white man say, "If Blacks don't like the U.S., why don't they go back to Africa." I am not Black but it could apply to me since I am not white. Anyone who complains who is not white, the reply is going to be "Go back to Africa, China, Mexico, etc."
Lots of assumptions based purely on race, while actively supporting populist infested theories such as White Monopoly Capital (no such thing, just a few very connected rich people that have/had no problem exploiting the country and its people, many of them white, but by now many other hues, or shall we call the Billions now lost Black Corruption Capital? BCC? Racist isn't it?). I am not saying we need to do nothing to help with the impossible task of reuniting this wounded country. Yet cheap rhetoric and widening the racial divide sure won't help...especially if most of the damage, damage that will take away any chance of empowering the very people you state need to be economically empowered, is being done right now, by the very people that were supposed to save it. That damage is not driven by race (though the legacy of apartheid has caused immeasurable pain), but by greed of the ANC,the president and his partners.
You do realize the Radir D played the race card first, right? Like he usually does. He has a pattern of racist trolling. A lot of people who have frequented the DP comment section for years recognize this.   Did Trump hire Jeff Sessions because both are white? Racists never ask if white people hired white people because of racial nepotism but their first instinct is to ask if black people were hired because of skin color. Because racists instinctively think black people aren't qualified. It's always a given to the racists that a white guy is always the most qualified and they never question it for a moment. White racial nepotism is the oldest play in the good ol' boy playbook. White preferences are the original affirmative action and they're still the most common type of preferences. Many white people would be collecting cans from garbage cans if they weren't benefited by white preferences.
Clearly, the list of (and violence against) targetted groups in the US (and Western society generally, including Canada) is growing as the disaffected angry, nihilist fringe grow and increasingly feels they have licence to come out from the shadows where they have always existed to attack whoever they blame, by whatever means and for whatever reason that strikes their fancy.    Energized by demagogic rhetoric which creates the illusion that such hate and its methods are mainstream and such outbursts normal, groups from this fringe begin by targeting the Mexicans, Muslims, etc but quickly expand their hit list to include groups targetted in past generations such as the Jews (and can Blacks, Orientals, Feminists, etc. be far behind).  Society must get at this contagion of irrational hate at its root causes before it metastasizes further.
The modern republican party has been appealing to its racist base for more than a generation.  I know it once was the party of Lincoln. But Ronnie Reagan signaled his intentions toward minorities when he opened his campaign in a town that was infamous because a black man had been recently lynched there. Bush Sr. defeated Dukakis by appealing to racial fears with the Willie Horton ads.  And Bush Jr. ( aka the disaster) totally ignored a minority community after it was devastated by Hurricane Katrina.    White people are very fond of calling minorities racists.  And it's true that some minorities are racists. But white racism is institutionalized and affects lives. I'd like to have an alternative to the democratic party.  However, republicans have more than demonstrated that any minority who votes for a republican needs to have their head examined!
Though I agree with and understand what this writer is saying, I immediately can see the bias when 100% of the blame is placed on non-black society and zero% on the black community itself.  The high rates of crime, the high rates of single-mother families, the high rates of blacks committing violence to other blacks, etc, is not 100% the fault of the rest of us - there is some personal and community responsibility on the other side too.  By not even mentioning this, never mind exploring that aspect a bit, overall message pretty much disregarded.
Sure the racist extremists crawled out of the woodwork because they hated the idea of a black president, civil rights were attacked and weakened, racial profiling increased, and there was a rash of unprecedented shootings of unarmed children and adults among many other inequities visited on people because their skin is dark. Guess you feel that's just fine.  That said, the rioters were thugs, no different than some of the riots we've experienced such as setting cars on fire when the Avs won the Stanley Cup, or after our earlier Super Bowl win.
"No kill" IS abandonment.  These noxious, disease-ridden vermin must be hunted to extinction.  If you tried to "manage" Pacific, Norway or black rats via TNR, you'd find yourself incarcerated or institutionalized.  And cats carry far more potentially fatal zoonotic diseases than rats.
I'm very much aware of that.  Part of that is due to the War on Poverty welfare program that incentivizes the #1 cause of poverty, single parenthood, which went from 17% in 1964 to over 70% now in the black community.  A single woman with a couple of kids can get the equivalent of about $60,000/yr of taxable income in Housing subsidies, EITC, SNAP, WIC, etc. with just a minimum wage part time job, and she can count her kids a dependents thru age 25.  It would be irrational for her to get a full time job that pays more unless it pays $60,000 more.  And here's the catch.  If her kids get a job and earn a reportable, taxable income, it can reduce her benefits.  The only way they can bring more income into the house without reducing mom's benefits is under the table, via crime.  Works fine 'til you get caught.  They can make more in a couple of days selling crack to whitey than in a month working at McDonalds, and McDonald's income shows up.
Do you seriously believe that any of us, of any color, are not skin color conscious?     I know I am.   I know you are too.  It's part of the human condition, maybe a recognition of 'friendly/tribe', that makes us insecure with unknown people.  Read the post above, obviously people make conclusion based on their personal perception of race.  I'd like to read something longer by Sowell, I've had some reading but nothing significant.  Considering the both Kristof and the black community itself recognizes serious problem in the social structure of black communities, I doubt Kristof would have much disagreement with the good Doctor.     Sowell is the type of role model that needs to be heard.  Not all blacks are urban, some blacks had fathers and/or a great caretakers; innocent and productive black families also suffer from the violence of black gangs.  Yes, in culture there are differences, no doubt.   That should not transfer into assumptions about an individual.
The Black Americans who helped build the ALCAN were from three all Black Army Engineering units. Until that time, Congress had not allowed black units to serve with white units. Because men were in short supply due to serving over seas, the road was in danger of not being completed by the deadline. Their work was credited as being crucial to the completion. It is of historical importance when one examines the period of history and what it was like for the men who were serving but who were segregated. Some or most had never been allowed to vote. It is of great historical note that because their work on the ALCAN resulted in the armed forces being intergrated by President Truman in 1948.  Honoring them or acknowledging them does not take away from the work of all the armed forces, American and Canadian who they worked with.  It is amazing that men who had been treated so badly in the segregated services and who had experienced ill treatment were willing to serve.
Thanks R-G for a thoughtful and useful editorial about an important topic. We so need to make sense of this, and quickly, as events show. Black lives matter too.   I think the Black Lives Matter issue is something like Veterans Day. When I celebrate Veteran's Day once a year, that doesn't mean I don't also respect other sacrifices made by other people. So too, when I respect the importance of the Black Lives Matter issues, that doesn't mean I don't respect all lives. It does mean that the Black Lives Matter movement is protesting a special circumstance, un unacceptable situation, which has to change.   I can definitely hate the senseless killing of police and at the same time also abhor the senseless and shameful killing of young black men that we see too frequently as technology spreads video to everyone. It's not one or the other. We can be against both.
.."fighting for equal opportunities". Nah! Perhaps a paternalistic notion of equality, as an extension of superiorists prejudices. For her implicit allusion to black people as "diseased patients", instead of the state machinations leaves much to be desired. No wonder Biko was doubtful about the liberal's diagnosis/prescriptions for the South African dilemmas.
So do you really think that the Black Police Chief stood up in front of the media and lied to everyone when he said there was a gun?   And do you also believe that the 12 times the cop said drop the gun that he never saw one?  and lastly. I would love to hear an explanation on why "the wife" went from saying he only has a book to dont do it Keith dont do it.  While I agree that that other video or audio needs to be released we have seen this exact same thing happen twice now. Reports said Trayvon wasnt beating up George and we found that to be a lie. The media and all the people in Ferguson said that Michael was shot in the back and had is arms up. This was also categorically wrong.  It simply amazes me how people get all riled up with out really knowing a freakin thing
Oh, perhaps because the CDC is your typical leftwing dominated federal agency that would like to set the table to regulate guns as a public health matter; no thanks - I really don't want people like you deciding what my rights might be.   The FBI, itself no longer very objective, publishes pretty good statistics on gun crime.   You lefties don't like the FBI statistics because if you norm them for race and ethnicity, most of America is a very safe and non-violent place.   If you're a young black or Hispanic male who uses or deals drugs, commits crimes, or trades in women, America can be pretty violent, but, really, who cares; it saves the expense of incarceration.
Yes, there is evidence.  Guess you didn't see the video. It's tough to be Black in America. Police are given a wide lead way in conducting their business.  And in this case they were wrong.
People like other animals have certain instincts and we tend to favor others that more resemble ourselves and our cultures. Studies have been done on this, one at Stanford university, and as for me, I have friends of color, one who has the emergency key to my house, my neighbor and for many years and he's black.  We need more people like you as long as you don't get violent.
But remember, the right only went against Obama because he's black, not because he was unqualified. His apology tour was amazing, btw.
That's especially funny since the player in question didn't even realize that he was standing alone and actually agrees with his black teammates. I guess they didn't tell you that on Faux "News."
Excellent comments.   I have really struggled with 'social norms' through my life.  Like most young people there were a lot of 'normals' that I didn't like or want to become.    But life teaches some lessons over time, my attitudes have changed and probably will again.  Societal norms can mean a lot of things.  It was a society norm when I lived in Houston as a child, that you didn't really see black people in your neighborhood or in your life, tv, radio, anywhere unless you crossed some boundaries.   The norm breakers, those that refused to accept the 'normal' of racial discrimination were hero's to me.      Just saying that norms are made to be broken.   ;-)
@JoeC: Just like we didn't hear a global outcry from Christians when Timothy McVeigh blew up the Federal Court House in Oklahoma City or when Dylan Roof executed 9 black people in a church in Charleston, SC. And we didn't hear a huge outpouring of rage from Democrats when Janet Reno and slick Willie burned 87 people to death in Waco, TX. Fact is that Christians who don't believe in murdering people who fail to agree with them don't see themselves as the problem and don't see their religion as the problem. Same is true of ordinary Muslims who don't support murder and mayhem of unbelievers, they know that they themselves are not creating or contributing to the problem, so they just keep their heads down, go to work, raise their kids, care for their elderly and keep on keepin' on. Your implication that they are somehow different from ordinary Christians is poorly informed.
The victim mentality for racial groups is no longer valid, and certainly not enough to compel government forced equal outcomes.  The impact of the legacy of slavery- if there is any remaining- is utterly overshadowed and outweighed by the effect that the Liberal Welfare State has made on modern day black communities. . In the 20's and 30's, black single mother households were in the low 20%-- today it is well over 71%   . In 2012, the elite Stuyvesant High School in New York now admits less than 1/10th of the number of blacks that it did 33 years earlier.  In 1993 those graduating out of Dunbar High School and going on to college was less than it was 60 years before- which would have been in the depths o the Great Depression.   So clearly- it's all because of the rich and white upper middle class? Hardly. . This is only and utterly about culture, not race.  And it's culture mired by Leftist social policies. They can't contiue if schools and teachers like Mr. Ruhlin want to thrive.
Thank you, Martha, for your excellent piece. Hopefully the vocal White community members in Eugene will start to turn their attention to how to support and listen to Black community members instead of spending so much energy spouting their opinions on matters of racial aggression when it is just not their area of expertise.
Tell you what, I say leave the statue there and build one next to it commemorating the thousands of blacks who were lynched by white racists. These victims, more so than a rich, white general, are the true heroes and martyrs of the American struggle for equal rights.
Your post reeks of privilege. Your "friends" in Alberta don't have trouble with racism. Why?  They pay their speeding tickets, and respect authority. The inference being only troublemakers experience difficulty with police.   Did it ever occur to you that maybe, just maybe, that life for young black men on the streets of St. Louis or Oakland or Baltimore is different than it would be in Alberta? That living in a country with hundreds of years of racial baggage from slavery and Jim Crow laws, might be different than Alberta? Or that, guess what, not everywhere is like Alberta. Young black men were nine times more likely than other Americans to be killed by police officers in 2015, according to the findings of a Guardian study that recorded a final tally of 1,134 deaths at the hands of law enforcement officers that year. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/dec/31/the-counted-police-killings-2015-young-black-men
I have no doubt that the vast majority of police officers use common sense to stay alive and protect the citizenry day in and day out.  However, there's been far too many, over 1,000, citizens that have been killed by police officers and many of them happen to be of color.  Federal investigation have also suggest that racial profiling has been a problem in many police departments across the country.  We simply can't ignore those facts.  The more high profiled murders of black men and black teenagers were unarmed.  That's a fact.  One can't blame the black or brown communities from being alarmed.  Public policies across the country need to change dramatically if we as a nation are to live in peace.  And yes, it's a horrifically sad day in America to wake up to reading or watching on TV the loss of five police officers.  There's no words  or enough empathy that can express their families and friends loss.  Heartfelt condolences for all involved.
To me, this sounds like the sort of thing which is almost banal, the type of joke that was probably said at similar events which have 'masters' for the past couple of centuries by people who consider themselves witty. That the professor said it to a Black student demonstrates insensitivity, but probably also a sense of colour blindness which would be admirable were it not so naive.
Of the R1-trillion in cash hoarded by corporates at white-owned banks, none of that cash is black-owned. Of the R5.8-trillion private property (excludes agrarian and commercial land) value in South Africa, blacks own township or RDP style properties. With the news coming out of what Zuma is allowing to happen in the way of malfeasance, corruption and outright theft of public money, can you blame the owners of that money cash hoard keeping it as far as possible from the grasping fingers within the ANC. Come, come, be sensible.
Michael Schill is another JEWISH troublemaker(mother Coplon i.e., CAPLAN) from NEW YORK.  The JEWISH BIBLE BOOK LEVITICUS STATES THAT HAVING SLAVES IS PERFECTLY PERMISSIBLE & RAPE OF SLAVE GIRLS IS PERMISSIBLE. IT ALSO STATES THAT THE DENATIONALIZATION OF THE JEWS' SLAVES IS THE #1 PRIORITY SO THEY CAN BREAK THE SLAVES' SPIRIT FOREVER. LEVITICUS ALSO SAYS THAT BEING GAY IS WRONG. LEVITICUS ALSO STATES THAT FIELD WORKERS ARE ANIMALS & THAT ONCE SOMEONE IS YOUR SLAVE, ALL THEIR PROGENY ARE SLAVES FOREVER. MAYBE MICHAEL SCHILL & JEWISH PEOPLE NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THEIR OWN BIBLE & ISRAEL'S RACISM & THEIR WHOREHOUSES(STOCKED BY WHITE WOMEN FROM RUSSIA & EASTERN EUROPE AFTER BEING KIDNAPPED IN ALBANIA & TURKEY) IN TEL AVIV & HAIFA VISITED EXCLUSIVELY BY BUSLOADS OF ORTHODOX JEWISH MEN INSTEAD OF RUNNING GUILT-TRIPS & MIND CONTROL GAMES ON THE WHOLE PLANET. BY THE WAY, AMERICA ONLY IMPORTED 3.5% OF ALL SLAVES FROM AFRICA, SO BLACK PEOPLE GO ASK FRANCE, BRITAIN & PORTUGAL FOR MONEY. GO CHINA!
What about all the black-on-black violence that's taken place on the African continent? Does it actually exist? If it does, does anyone have the statistics are on that? Is it because there simply are more blacks in Africa? Have we seen anything like it elsewhere? Are my perceptions behind my questions biased?
Connie, Alexander Stephens wasn't expressing any opinion, to him he was stating the fact of life for him and most white Americans of that time period. Don't be so insulting to a man whom was considered by many to be a highly intelligent person of his time. And what he said, was a common belief among white people in both south and in the north. Not even Lincoln believes that the black race as a whole, was anywhere close to being equal to the white. South went to war to preserves slavery. North went to war to preserves the Union. During the middle of the war when the North realized that only way totally defeat the south was to end slavery, they added that to their list of things to do. Confederate flag  today, represent the xenophobic expression of many whites who still embraced it. Your lack of knowledge about the flag you so desperately want to defend, is sorely obvious.
I really never experienced racism growing up in Hawaii.  Not like the blacks in American communities across the continent.  A more ingrained sense of superiority by the whites.  Or is it because I did not know what racism was, until I saw the riots in the cities of America and then understood the "strange fruit" referred to in one sad song.  I don't think racism was so openly expressed here, only because there was more of us, then them.  I believed the exclusive golf clubs were play pens of the rich; as well as, the Kamehameha Schools as an inheritance from our ali'i who saw themselves only as caretakers of the land of the makaainana.  However, what is happening now with the Chinese investors taking root in our islands with the millions of dollars in hand and IOUs on unpaid U.S. loans in the other, is absolutely scary...  My survival is definitely with America...no matter how goofy she gets... Amen!
I posted this info, but people have more fun pointing fingers at each other rather than looking at the real facts and understanding how to interpret statistics.  Blacks are mostly killed by other blacks, and mostly by gang and drug violence. Whites are mostly killed by other whites, but for whatever reason people want to create the facade that whites are somehow endangered by blacks.
One could easily argue that Sherman's March to the Sea caused far more misery and death than anything Lee, Jackson, Bragg, Johnson etc...ever did. Both blacks and whites suffered enormously from the utter destruction he caused. Why not pull down his statue?
So now its "strongly suggests" instead of absolutely proves, at least we are starting to accept reason.   I happen to be pro-life, anti-abortion, anti- gender identity, and for proper vetting of immigrants.  According to the Southern Law Poverty Center I would be labeled  a bigot, misogynist,  white supremacist and homophobe.  In truth I am none of the above, but simply an American Citizen that practices the Roman Catholic Faith.   Lastly, President Obama had the Black Panthers praise him during his term in office, does that make Obama a radical Black Panther?
The murdered victim, according to one news story, was a well loved and respected elementary school cafeteria supervisor.  Wake up America.  This can happen to any brown color skin citizen.  Up the ante if he or she is  black.  Pulled over for an out tail light.  Dead with four bullet holes in his body.  I have no empathy for this cop.  None whatsoever.
Kaepernick wasn't even the best quarterback on a pathetic 49ers team last year and hardly saw the field.  Now he's the second coming.  The talking heads keep saying he's black balled and being kept from signing with a team, I think theonly reason he's being considered by these guys is his political stances.  If he was quiet, no one would care about this guy, much less people saying they should be beating down his door.  No one can apologize for his tweets, sorry. they suck.  If he was on the Broncos I would stop going.   Google Blood gang member pictures or Crip member pictures, tell me what you see.  I see militant, armed people who could care less about the political climate, they want power and money.  The cops are after these guys Colin, you defend them as they are some slighted part of the community.  Take responsibility within your community for those guys and someone may listen to how you are so slighted.
You're happy to purposefully "step on the rights" of black and brown people (that's what you meant by "these people," right? We all know it) but mention curbing the gun epidemic in the country and you'd scream OMG MY RIGHTS MY RIGHTS 2nd AMENDMENT OMG NO!
So tell us, "'war hero' (Phil Long)" and 'Mount Carmel Veteran’s Service center' have just exactly WHAT to do with protests made to raise awareness of police killings of black citizens?    Absolutely nothing - except that it highlights that military worship is something the dealership feels it must pander to ...
Cheap shot city.  He's right.  We had a family member working on this project sleeping outside on a cot too.  He wasn't black.  We don't begrudge the honor for the black guys though.  We DO understand what the Representative was saying.  He has a good point.
The sad truth is - at least in Toronto - that the bulk of the homicides in the city occur within black communities, and usually within certain neighbourhoods.  If you're policing these neighbourhoods, especially for any length of time, it's quite possible that you'll make assumptions and respond to a threat with disproportionate force.  It would be interesting to know if it even matters what the race of the police officer is in some instances  - that the response is to the area and its inhabitants more than anything else.    This is a vicious circle of course, because most people in even a bad neighbourhood aren't criminals, and it makes it even harder for them to get out of a bad situation if they're discriminated against.
It doesn't change the fact that the only one here making this a race issue is... YOU - making YOU the racist - you have to make race an issue to be a racist... that leaves YOU. I don't care if you're red, green, black, yellow with purple polka dots or white - it's irrelevant.   On a personal level, I disagreed with his methodology. He didn't have an attainable goal stated nor propose a way to resolve the issue he was complaining about - but that was his choice to make.
Here's the reality of the situation: Members of the Black Community commit a disproportionate amount of crime. . . the police then direct more carding towards this group. . . the Civilian Board representing the public (and therefore black people) then think this practice is "discriminatory", when in reality individuals of the black community (especially youth) are just in fact carrying out more crimes.. . . the police are accused of discrimination (when it's not the case at all) and are ordered to end carding. She refused, and rightfully so.
No one, not even 'Big Media', can tell us what to think.  My opinion of Trump is based on his comments.  I can overlook his huge ego and the fact he has to overstate everything.  What turns me off are his statements that give legitimacy to those who feel there is something special and entitled and righteous about being white.  All those who have long held racist views and blame dark-skinned citizens for their woes, are encouraged to act on those views as they see fit,  He has made it okay to hate and harm your neighbor, and I don't believe that is accidental.
Are you kidding me ? Elise is beyond clueless to state how 50 years later " we are facing riots over the very same problems "  No we aren't !  Back then riots were over blacks not being allowed to vote , use the same water fountain as whites, being denied attending schools , living in white neighborhoods , and a host of other basic problems.   Today the riots brought on by Black Lives is over a few police shootings . To many this group is just as hateful as the KKK . Fifty years ago there were few black legislators , baseball players or mixed marriages .   After slavery blacks made steady progress and white America has changed for the better . Why the major change ?  In the past black family ties were just as strong as whites . Today over 70 percent of black families are run by women with no fathers offering their boys role models . Blacks end up in jail more because by proportion they commit  more crimes . It's just that simple .
Thank you for the stats. I would just like to point out that while the statistic is correct for single parent African American families at 66%, the actual statistic for non Hispanic, white single parent families is 25%. According to the statistics, 75% of non Hispanic, white families are two parent families and 34% of African American families are two parent families. I do not understand what the other statistics have to do with anything other than to attempt to muddy the waters. The next highest number is from Native Americans at 53% and Hispanic/Latino at 42%. Which group has the more active fathers is immaterial, single family homes are the issue and African Americans have the highest numbers/percentages of single parent families. That has an impact.
What an elitist and snobbish article.  Finding racism where there is none with this sentence about Trump supporters - "And for all of their denigration of the first black president, they’ve done nothing to quell rising African-American visibility and power.".  We don't care what color Obama is - we can't tolerate his policies and his hate for America.  The only people that think this is racist are people supporting Obama only because he is black and liberal.   We don't care - we hate his policies.  Rising African-American visibility and power???? Is he kidding?  Blacks have been screwed by Obama more than whites.  And, by the way, I don't give a flying hoot who has power - I care how it is used.  This article shows a person totally out of touch with the real world from living in an echo chamber of like minded groupthought that is prevalent on campus today.
Oh, come on Venter. Jews are in many key government and business positions in America, far more of them that their population percentage would suggest. They are certainly not victims of anyone, not to mention their strong lobby in Washington with major influence on foreign policy. Besides, your analogy between the holocaust and atrocities by colonialist is rather weak. How about the 20 million Russians who dies in World War Two? How many Chinese died at the hands of Japanese conquerors? How many Africans died as a result of Shaka Zulu's conquests? How many British soldiers died in World War One due to the insane strategies of their generals? How many Germans died as a result of Hitler's insane wars?  But you are right about the fact, that the DA's future, if any, lies in the black community. It is quite likely that the DA will borrow the ideology of black nationalism from the ANC to counterbalance the white influence of Zille.
who are the "people in the know?",     your reality?   bring up your 10" wonder.... yet again. you do know that any man with such a attribute would not be mentioning it, TWICE,. in the community newspaper comments sections.     why don't you clear up all the misconceptions we have of you and post a picture of yourself with all your black friends,  girlfriends and your 10 inch wonder on display - on a facebook page. wear a mask to hide your face so as to protect your privacy.  surely you wouldn't mind backing up your claim as you bring it up as being indicative of your credibility.
I agree with you ATF. Back when I was prosecuting white-collar fraud cases, it was almost impossible to get a long prison sentence even when the fraud involved millions of dollars. In one case, I had to appeal the judge's sentencing decision TWICE to get him to follow the sentencing guidelines. He held that against me for the rest of my career. Federal district judges don;t like it when you take them up for a spanking by an appellate court. The case involved a very nice white businessman with a nice pretty wife and four nice well-kept children.  I actually wrote in the brief to the appellate court that the probationary sentence on this, a several-million-dollar fraud case, gave the appearance that we have one system for the nice, white, and wealthy and another for the poor and black. It was a sincere argument. The very conservative (back then) Fourth Circuit agreed. On remand, the district judge again refused to sentence properly. Another appeal. Won again, at a price.
In the U.S. police can't stop minorities for no reason, get their personal information for loading in a government database of minorities who have been stopped for no reason.  And when Canadian minorities get sent to prison, hexx holes on their own right, they are locked up far in excess than blacks in America as a proportion of the general population.
Some Oregonians can join the Daughters of the American Revolution.  Both blacks and whites are members and they number about 170,000 nationwide. You can learn about how our ancestors fought the English.  If you think this the original patriots were non-violent, you have go to do some research!
No Worse He was driving while black in Quebec
You need to Research the Democratic Party after the Election of Republican In Name Only President Eisenhower, his becoming U.S. President nearly Destroyed the Democratic Party, many Democrats fled to the Republican Party.  The Democrat's Party Platform was since 1948 "All the Laws of Washington and all the Bayonets of the Army cannot force the Negro into our Homes, our Schools, our Churches and our places of Recreation."   1950s, the U.S. Congress' "House Un American Activities Committees" went after the U.S. Socialist Party (Socialists of the Stalin, Hitler, Mussolini kinds), and the U.S. Communist Party (Totalitarian Chinese type).  They fled to the Democratic Party, and became the Majority.  The Democrats needed them to become the Majority again.  As the Majority the U.S. Socialists inside the Democratic Party then Reorganized the Democratic Party using the model of Chancellor Hitler's National Socialist German Worker's Party a Political Labor Union Party.  continued
Donald Trump is, has and will continue to refer to ILLEGAL criminal immigrants, Mexican and otherwise! You liberals are determined to ignore those facts! He has not said anything about excluding any legal citizen or LEGAL immigrants! He keeps making this point over and over and over again! He employs hundreds of thousands of people of Hispanic, black, Asian and many other ethnicites in his business and campaign! There are hundreds of thousand supporters of Donald Trump from these same racial categories! You are simply a bold faced liar, which has become a trademark policy of the Democrat, Progressive left. You have no standing at all in truth on so many issues it is truly astounding! Trump could not be where he is without vast minority support! Mr. Todd Simmons is another lying liberal who has no shame and will say and do anything to promote your agenda. This liberal poison is also why Hawaii is such a economic basket case. I truly feel sorry for your sons.
Leftists academics are the ones that have set the stage for the demise of universities  "Across the country, students have been “dismantling the master’s house”. They weren’t smashing their principals’ offices, but rather demanding a revision of their predominantly white, predominantly male curricula. From UCL to LSE to York, Warwick, Nottingham and Kent, the student-led campaign “Why Is My Curriculum White?” has attracted thousands of people concerned that the course content at universities across the country reflects white dominance and under-represents black people."  https://www.theguardian.com/education/commentisfree/2015/mar/23/philosophy-white-men-university-courses
Your facts are backwards Nick. The republicans have not changed and become the racist party that the democrats were as late as the late 60's, when they refused to seat a black delegation on the convention floor in 1968. The democratic party did not change in the 40's, the party started to change and that is what got the dixiecrats started. After they failed in the 1948 election, all but 4 went back to the democratic party. Those 4 became republicans, mainly due to economic policies. Like you, I believe we do not need racists but unfortunately, we have them and fortunately for republicans, they are still mainly liberal/progressive politically. There are one or two that say they are republican but no honest republican will have anything to do with them.
"The Washington Post and the Kaiser Family Foundation...found that religion is a significant predictor of how Americans perceive poverty.  Christians are much more likely than non-Christians to view poverty as the result of individual failings, especially white evangelical Christians."  The Washington Post also found that evangelical white Christians exhibit the same attitudes as southern confederates who hate dark-skinned folks.  So there is really no surprise that many trump lovers are evangelical Christians.  They are essentially one in the same.
"When Trump issued his recent executive order cracking down on sanctuary cities and threatening to withhold federal funding from those cities, it was revealed that the annual taxpayer burden adds up to more than $14 billion nationally, $1 billion in California and Texas, and more than $100 million annually in at least a dozen states.  However, Democrats don't appear to be interested in the cost of illegal immigration, and they certainly seem hell-bent on obstructionism in order to divebomb this president's agenda."  That's because they live in places like Chappaqua - Black Population 85, Hispanics 135, according to the latest census.  It's because, like Paul Ryan, they've erected walls around their homes, to keep them out.  They live in The Hamptons.  They live in Martha's Vineyard.  They live in Gated Communities.  They live on Park Avenue, in the Cloisters, and in the NORTHERN PARTS of California.  Time to start sending these scumrags to where these Political Scumrags live.
set race relations back by governing while black.  I wonder what the racists will do for the next 4 years without having to rant about a black man in the white house.
I'm glad you heard it but if the picture painted is correct it seemed it was going to take a lot more than some therapy; I didn't hear any solution proposed.  Current crime rates etc in SA seem to support the view that whatever is being done is not working at all.  As regards "whites" I really personally think any thought, policy, philosophy that still insists on skin colour as a defining characteristic is doomed to fail; being just plain wrong in principle. SA is typical; does anyone seriously believe that in a country where the "black", 80% or more, majority have been in complete power (putting in place legislation etc that is used limit the power of other race groups) for more than 20 years that "whites" control anything significant?  It is a red herring distraction.  My take on Biko is that he advocated thinking people avoid being defined by anyone's skin colour. But I could easily be wrong which will be sad as I think skin colour should not define character or legal rights.
The best part of it - in true Canadian fashion, we didn't even think of it ourselves. This is a "me-too" decision to match the US putting Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill. The latter decision is certainly justifiable in a country whose history is encapsulated by blacks' struggle to end slavery and, later, segregation. Not to mention that Tubman is undoubtedly one of the pivotal figures of 19th century American history and her personal story is fascinating.  In Canada, this is merely a photo-op by the Airhead to yet again brandish his politically-correct bonafide.
A good letter from Jim Bartley. Gee certainly misses the point made by BLM regarding police representation as part of Pride. His column was a mix of arrogance and ignorance  - a white washing that was surprising. I'm a straight, white middle aged women, and yet it's not rocket science to know that many black gay youth are served up a very different brand of policing than Marcus - and I ever would in Toronto.
Republicans AND Democrats use race.  Black Lives Matter is racially based and promoted by the Democrats.
A nicely written piece, and thankfully void of the cultural appropriation angle.  The point the author makes is applicable to anyone although perhaps more poignant for indigenous peoples.  The unfortunate truth is that for many, their main exposure to aboriginal peoples fits the stereotype portrayed in the article.  It seems a disproportionate number of our First Nations peoples – at least those in our larger cities -- suffer from substance dependence, mental illness, or both.  This perpetuates the myth, much like the debunked 1950s delusions that all Blacks are lazy, or most homosexuals are pederasts  Indigenous peoples would do well to celebrate their role models and successes --- this would be a much more positive step than the overreactions to the cultural appropriation kerfuffle.
In the first place, I didn't mention 'Black women'; I know quite a few non-Black (Irish, Italian, Armenian, etc.) women with curly hair.  Women have been straightening and coloring their hair for centuries.  Other women have been curling and coloring their hair for centuries, and some think how nice it would be to HAVE curly hair.   I don't wear large hoops, but I do have some small ones, and now I will wonder if the Black women I know think I'm just copying them. Was the 'white folks' dig meant to hurt?
in the blt culture that worships the freedom to identify oneself as what you are not, it's surprising that blacks are whining about not being included. . after all, it's the blacks who are refusing to associate with and accept rachel dolezal who identifies herself as black.
What's the matter, Black, are you having bigot withdrawal symptoms again?  Soon we won't have to be exposed to people like you.  Ooooh yay.
I don't know the background to this case except he was a white extremist who killed black people - same as some black extremists killed white people. Are there any blacks still in jail for this type of crime or is that he should never be released because he is white.
Men make sarcastic and cutting remarks about men all the time, and nothing happens as men just let it roll off their backs. Apparently women are always on guard, and one comment is escalated to mean that's the way it is for all women in politics. I saw a dog, the dog was black, therefore all dogs are black.
The G&M is sticking to it's own wrong story about what happened over at Massy College.  By now we know all the facts and what was said by Dr. Marrus was obviously a joke about an ongoing internal issue, that of the 'Master', among  people who knew one another and who should be able to understand that this was a funny comment.  If a black person is present at this gathering  of highly educated young students this person should also be able to read this.  If we assume anything else we should be criticized for being condescending, for seeing colour when we should only see a person.   Dr. Marrus is not a racist and nothing he has done indicated anything  but the fact that he is an accomplished academic with a sense of humour.
I do not argue the debt explosion happened, but as someone with a graduate degree form a top 5 school (I got my degree, Trump flunked out and the school he flunked out of uses my economic models) and AF certification in public finance, I know why it happened and it has everything to do with Bush's policies. As for the VP, getting someone black on the ticket was the only way to get the first time voters for Obama out last year. Surveys show that, aside from the pro-life Catholics who voted for Obama twice and then Trump, it was the black vote that stayed home that cost the election. They either chose to or voter suppression stopped them. If you-want to claim the latter, I won't argue with you.
Having read the article and your comments...followed news, speeches and all...I am left with a struggle to stay balanced in my perception...tipping off into a world of "Money Monsters"..empty vessels of greed, betraying their own lost humanity!  Even those within the ANC, now speaking out...where have they been the last few years..how did they gain through the "Knowing"?  And I look over to the opposition and I just do not feel any authentic heart driven leadership...without agenda, the ability to balance the situation and draw us all into a cohesive way forward...to stand out in front, not as a black or white, not as a man or woman and with no other agenda but to build a Nation we can all be proud of!  The Jacob Zuma Ripple Effect ....it would seem, has washed over every square inch of our country, ebbing out globally ..one positive aspect, that I hope to see again on the 8th August, is our diverse ground up tsunami that is guaranteed to follow. March until we are heard!
Dismiss it all you want!!!  There are a lot of good, hardworking, law bidding citizens trapped in these neighborhoods, exploited and have to fight just to go to school, work,etc.-FACT!!  What you can't stomach is another FACT!!  99% of them are long time Democr_p strongholds, who have never, ever improved these situations for all the citizens!!  Liberals always come out with the hysteria, the racism, the bigotry, etc, etc, etc, BS PC, cowardly double standards-FACT!!  White supremacists rule nothing; find me the number of neighborhoods that they do compared to black & Hispanic neighborhoods.  Also, there are far to many Muslims neighborhoods where LGBT's would not be welcomed, much less any one else deemed socially different.  Keep your eyes wide shut and listening to the usual rhetoric from the PC left and maybe you'll get a chance to experience, as you put it some of the "hysteria" that others, like Kate Steinly and her family did!!  Clueless!!
A non-Hawaiian, acting as a Hawaiian, in a movie film about Hawai'i, that is filmed in Malaysia, is highly questionable.  I imagine that the Malaysian people, would love to act as Hawaiians, inside this movie about Hawai'i.  Is the movie about Hawai'i, supposed to be a true & authentic story?  I also imagine, that the Malaysian people, would not mind, Hawaiians acting as Malaysians, in a film about Malaysia.  After all, what is the difference?  How about, a black man acting in the role, of POTUS Bill Clinton.  After all, what is the difference?  How about Wesley Snipes, acting as the President of Russia.  After all, what is the difference.  It is only a movie.
Obamacare was passed full knowing it would fail, in fact it is designed to fail. Government run single payer has been the ultimate goal of the Socialist/Democrats/Liberals for decades. These people understand once people get hook on getting free stuff it is difficult to stop that practice no matter how damaging it is.  I remember reading a statement by the Sociologist Walter Williams, it read;  “The welfare state has done to black Americans what slavery couldn’t do, what Jim Crow couldn’t do, what the harshest racism couldn’t do and that is to destroy the black family.”
Black Lives Matter are trying to deal with a real problem; the shooting of black males by police officers all across the US.  How is that disrespectful?  And  blacks in the US are certainly not the powerful. Ditto for Palestinians confronting the largest army, air force and navy in the middle east as it takes more and more of the land that was set aside for negotiating a second state alongside Israel.  You need to work on your outrage to make it a little more rational or perhaps look up the definition of hypocrisy.  And of course people care about celebrities as your post indicates and since the electorate in the US just put a reality tv star into the most powerful position in  the world.
I am trying to Google the Internet for any stories about the authenticity of the claims around the poster theft, because I am appalled that there are so many people who blame Otto for his own demise.  I'm glad to see this story challenge the more extreme opinions on this view, but even the mainstream reports are not challenging the facts, aside from those noting the confession was likely scripted.  What I'd really like to see is an examination of the few facts around this case to clear the air once and for all to hopefully restore the good name of Otto Warmbier for any doubters:  First, is that black figure taking down the propaganda poster in the grainy video really Otto? I've seen very clever investigations on TV where they employ techniques to determine the actual height of an unknown figure or match a figure's movement to the person in question. Second, has any reporter bothered to visit the church and Otto's friend's mother to find rule out that no such $10,000 bet ever existed?
There are Civil War monuments who depict some really terrible military leaders. One in particular is Nathan Bedford Forrest in Knoxville TN.  Before the war he captured runaway slaves and either killed them or returned them for a bounty. During the war he slaughtered captured black Union soldiers at Fort Pillow TN. and he spared the white soldiers. Over 200 black soldiers who had surrendered were taken out and shot. Then after the war he founded the Klu Klux Klan and encouraged laws against blacks. A truly despicable man who deserves no honors.
The posts are laughable from some folks who somehow (?) support having public schoolteachers feeding twelve-year-olds with the "white privilege" indoctrination.  One of those posts, you can find above, was from a white guy who stepped forward to proclaim emphatically that OF COURSE he is the benefactor of "white privilege", emphasizing he has privilege coming from "being born into a middle-class family that spoke English well and that ensured that (he) got a good education."  Um, hello?  There are millions of families in Canada and the USA who are NOT WHITE who can say ALL of those things: Black families and families with ancestries from Japan, India and China, for example.  But see, there's the rub: Where is the Ontario teacher busily indoctrinating kids with the message that blacks in the West are privileged, ￼or that Chinese-ancestry folks in the West are privileged?   Answer: There ARE no such teachers.  Only whitey gets singled out for the racist smear-job.
To be fair Mr Nenshi did not say that there was any rascist element in reporting or jornalism. He was referring to online commentary and I'm sure some of us who read the comments section recognize this to be true. The most benign articles will can bring out rascist and anti-Islam comments, often unrelated to subject. Coded language exists, that much is true, but a lot depends on the context. Mr Nenshi refers to "uppity" and "too big for his britches". We ought to remember that uppity was often used in the American south to refer to black people who weren't submissive. I've never heard anybody use it to describe a politician, even by Albertans who loathed Pierre Trudeau. Before Obama was elected a friend asked me what i thought of him. I said he was "well spoken" and before I could continue my friend chided me for useing that term. He told me that "well spoken" was being used in America to refer to Obama's blackness. That was news to me. Today he still reminds me of it over a beer.
Democrats renounced racism. I wish I could say that of Trump's Republicans. More white people get government assistance than black people. Some people develop dependency, but most use it as the safety net it was meant to be. It helps people, and the economy, survive hard times.
First, my bad...I will accede to your first and only valid point. As you surmised of course, my comments really pertained to the second paragraph.  You are relying on the same literary slight of hand that the author did. Neither I nor POTUS said that there were good racists. What we said was that there were good people who were not racists who were among the protesters.   Exhibit one: Black Lives Matter protests.  Maybe say only 50% of the marchers in the instances I will cite were involved, but consider the march where people were screaming "What do we want? Dead Cops! When do we want it? Now! Maybe only 20, 30, 40, 50% of the folks in the March were screaming this hateful vitriol. So, do you think it makes the rest of the people in the march "bad" people. For that matter, I doubt that you even think that the ones that were spewing THAT hate were "bad people".  Then there was the "pigs in a blanket. Fry 'em like bacon" march. Really fine people, no?
These people still cannot understand the context of Black Lives Matter.    Sigh. Baby steps, I guess. Even with the dumpster fire in the WH (and those complicit in Congress) the sane people will still have to push things forward, despite the dead weight of regressives.
Yes 300 millions Americans with a gun culture and your failed ilk think putting people in prison will help. The irony is Chicago with the strongest gun laws in America has a horrific record of violence and incarceration of blacks.  Perhaps if the ragging left in  Hollywood would stop exploiting family values , sex and  gun violence in 3/4 of it movies America could start to heal.  But nope, you and your ilk start waving the left wing flag. What a joke !
Wasn't it former president Obama who was aware of Russia's meddling in our election process a full 5 or 6 months before the actual election and did absolutely nothing about it because he thought that Hillary was going to win and it wouldn't be brought up? So who's incompetent? Actually Obama's actions or lack of actions are criminal because it was intentional. This is a case of the kettle calling pot black, no pun intended. It's just the epitome of hypocrisy on her part is all.
the situation is simple:hindus,arabs,chinese etc gained entry into this country after agreeing to shall uphold apartheid and everything it stands for in return they were gonna be elevated to higher standard to that of blacks...and of course hindus and arabs used to utter the k-word in their mother tongue frequently,sent many blacks to jail for falsely accusing them of crimes,brutalised blacks and enslaved their domestics.now,they are smuggling black girls to their children who emigrated for enslavement purposes!they have private army in their residential and commercial areas to cleanse zulus,xhosas and tswanas out hence i stopped  going to these areas of them.
_"The neoliberals who elected Bill Clinton and Obama, and have picked Hillary Clinton as the Democratic candidate, strike me as middle-class people reasonably satisfied with their lot who are unlikely to move anything."_ -- Lynn Porter  I also voted for Bill Clinton and Obama and your sweeping generalization about those who elected them is offensive and absurd. From your comment, I assume you don't believe that Black Votes Matter, especially since polls say black votes will go overwhelmingly to Hillary Clinton (and for sound reasons).  _"[Obama] built up a large database of supporters during his campaigns and then didn’t ask the people in it to do anything._" -- Lynn Porter  False! I'm in Obama's database and have received multiple e-mails asking me to try to combat denigrating, false comments such as your statements above.  -- Paul
Welcome to "higher" education. At CU-Boulder, "The Black Student Alliance is an organization that serves as an advocate of the African/African American/ Black and entire underrepresented voice on campus and wishes to expose all students, faculty, and staff of the University of Colorado Boulder to new ideas and experiences in order to create positive change."    Here's the link to all the "race-based" scholarships for students at CU: https://colorado.uloop.com/scholarships/african-american-scholarships. Here's the faculty committees at CU: Faculty Council Committees •Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer + (LGBTQ+) Committee •Women's Committee •Ethnic and Minority Affairs (EMAC) Committee   Get the stark picture? Many universities have separate student buildings based on ethnicity, sexual preference, countries of origin, etc. They all violate the Civil Rights Act but "higher" education doesn't care. Racial, ethnic, sexual, religious commodities are what matter.
Ummm... Look at the history of Miss USA pageant... overwhelmingly Caucasian.  White people do not understand prejudice because they do not experience it against themselves.  When was the last time you were pulled over, or followed around in a store by security for the color of your skin.  This actually happens, and there are independent scientific studies that back it up.  With the technology of cell phone cameras and social media, evidence is being brought forward.  Black Lives Matter is one community saying they are tired of this, and if you don't put yourself in someone else's shoes, you will never understand.  You don't need to be ashamed of being European, but please understand a rising tide lifts all boats. We should support each other in this New Year and be happy we live in such a diverse community.
Because white people haven't been systematically targeted and killed for their race or orientation. Black people and LGBT folks are still continually discriminated against and (you you read the article) made death threats to in HIGH SHOOL. Where they're supposed to be learning. So just appreciate not NEEDING a month where you can try to feel comfortable being yourself for once. That's every single day for you.
These monuments were put up to rewrite the history of barbarism and treason of the Confederacy. They were put up mostly in the post war period to divide poor white folks and black folks in a region of third worldly inequality. Now they have been adopted by White Nationalists, the KKK and Nazis as rallying points for spreading the poison of White supremacy should anyone be surprised? Put these symbols of hate where they belong--a museum. Taking the monuments down doesn't rewrite history. These monuments were erected for the very purpose of rewriting history.
Very telling that Trump jong orange didn’t say the same obvious thing about Houston and south Florida where a majority of the population is white, born again and republican - his favorite basket of deplorables.  Where the population is majority latino, black and democrat Mr. Trump has been slow acting, combative and petulent.  Somebody throw me some paper towels my living room is flooded.
There aren't any "liberal democrats (sic)" in Egypt. Your comment is ridiculous. This thread concerns hate speech and violence against Muslims in the US, by bigoted US citizens. The US is in a wave of hate speech against Muslims, Mexicans, and blacks as a result of the vicious attacks against them by our current president, who ran on hate and bigotry. This isn't about Egypt or Syria or Iran or Saudi Arabia, this is about OUR country, Go_Ducks.
Tangerine, as opposed to being 1/3 black?
Black and white, black and white.  What if said child was simple "confronted" with a different point of view and called it "hate"?  What if the " hate" wasn't extreme?  We are in a world of trouble, folks.
Homeless people (disabled, those with criminal records, registered sex offenders) need some place to go, so they go to the library and parks. Republicans created this homelessness mess by requiring everyone and their brother to register (even streakers) and by allowing employers to discriminate based on a criminal record. Americans used to discriminate against blacks, but then that became illegal, so they stepped up discriminating against others. They'd like to discriminate against Muslims, but somewhere in the Constitution it's prohibited.
continued..you would have spoken truth to power, although unpopular! And with the Zupta BP news outbreak ..you would have had the opportunity to stand out in the crowd of popular politics.  As for Diversity....Leadership demands that you become aware of self, not as a black man ("if you dont see me as a black man, then you dont see me at all") but as an individual first and foremost, connecting with what lies beneath your surface of conditioning and attaching the same value to all, regardless of race, gender etc.  Speak the truth from within you ...not from your outer circumstances.  Great opportunity here to draw the Nation together with a single unity of purpose...do more with the civil and church movements ... start drawing HZ in...refer to the surveys done by IRR...get rid of BEE and affirmative action and any other racist driven agendas.  Point out the unconstitutional political voices and the huge "on the ground" difference good govt will make, in detail..education and del serv!!
What MSW doesn't mention is the surge among younger voters who had been complacent last year. The shift was pronounced. This year they seemed to have sobered up from their youthful complacency, no doubt due to the Republicans' determination to get rid of their health care and/or the national emergency that is Donald Trump. Better late than never, I suppose, but the children did come through. As did the women. As one commentator speculated, "if Trump was the result of a backlash against the first black president, the election of Trump has produced a backlash among women." It was awfully nice to see all those women replace all those white men in the Virginia State House. Out with the old, in with the new.   As for whether Democrats can replicate this in the rust belt, well, let's just see what happens when the  cloak is finally pulled away from the Republicans' giveaway to the rich at the expense of the poor. Health care is saved but Republicans' attempts to gut it will not be forgotten.
Gotta love this Lee quote from your linked article( very informative by the way):  “[...]that unless some humane course is adopted, based on wisdom and Christian principles you do a gross wrong and injustice to the whole negro race in setting them free. And it is only this consideration that has led the wisdom, intelligence and Christianity of the South to support and defend the institution up to this time.”  Yeah, we're talking great man here. Even taking into account the overt racism of the period, taking a wrecking ball to his statue wouldn't be an inappropriate act.
Wanna see a good one on the Agent........"""""""""Trump’s Mar-a-Lago gets OK from U.S. government to hire 70 foreign workers"""""""  Calling the kettle black???
Black cod skinned fillet steamed 15 minutes over a bed of cabbage, cut red potatoes and carrots. Super rich, buttery oil  dripping on the veggies from an awesome flaky flesh... Spendy, but, so worth it! Come on SPRING!!!
This is a really excellent comment ScienceDuck.  Recently after all of the attention Black Lives Matter has earned by organizing and protesting against the targeting of Black Americans by Police.  Then out of NY we get ex.gov Guilliani spouting "all lives matter".  Well of course they do, I mean who could argue that logic?  What I see as the root of this is childish behavior that reminds me of when I was 8ish thru teenage era.  It's a lack of maturity to take responsibility.  That means people have to step out of who they are and comfort zones and enter into investigating facts w/an open mind, apply empathy (that gem of human behavior is earned BTW), and stand for equality in the lives of others.    It's an area of humanity that is evolving into a bunch of short sighted, selfish, resentful and frustrated individuals that just breaks my heart.  There;s  much possibility in each of us to be united and stand against injustice but w/all the distractions, I fear we're losing the battle. L2G
I liked Private Benjamin!    My wife enlisted in the army and loved training.  But at night many of the women were being whiny.   She had to remind them, 'Our primary purpose is to kill the enemy, just what did you expect?'      'There's a sucker born every minute'.    Some private business try to educate 'the sucker'.  Some target the 'sucker'.     It's a mistake to try to see private vs public as being black/white, good/bad.  Good question Bill, how can any school 'promise' a career, or be held liable for it?   I'm not opposed to private schools, but I will fight a single dime of taxpayer money going to support them, and that include tax credits which strips money from the public coffer.  *There's apparently a Lot to do to improve Oregon schools.  Quality private schools raise the public expectations for public schools - a very good thing?     Private still pays their own way.
Whenever I think of nonviolence in the black civil rights movement  50 years ago I remember that southern black Americans had faced 100 years of violence and hatred and THE WAY THAT THEY SURVIVED was through passive nonviolence.  For that reason they could "easily" practice nonviolence when it was in the cause of ending segregation and discrimination--they had learned to not react to provocations or to fight back.  That's hard when your life is being threatened, but by not reacting in anger and hatred they could break the cycle of violence.   This difficult task was demonstrated again recently right after the murder at the Mother Church in Charleston--they refused to hate.  (And remember that Dylann Roof declared he did it to start a race war).  W
I didn't know fingers could get tired from typing falsehoods, since falsehoods seem to come at the speed of light from people on the right wing. I also don't quite understand why you would suggest that I thought "racism started with him." I never said anything remotely suggesting such a thing.   I don't know what "bias" of the IRS or Justice Department you could be talking about, but it seems like utter nonsense or it would have been apparent. Also, no Black Panthers threatened people at voting booths. Obama was a far far better president than Bush and, obviously, Trump since Trump already has the title of Worst President Ever.
Funny that you mention the same sports that I did to retain. Last time I checked there were quite a few African Americans on the University basketball teams. Nothing against Africans, but where on campus can students go to watch the track teams compete? How many of these imported athletes stay in Alaska after they are given a free education? I also have no respect for trolls who hide behind pseudonyms
Pot...Kettle....Black?
Though this doesn't fit the current Black Lives Matter, Too narrative, the following is a very recently completed study by a black professor at Harvard:  "Harvard study: no racial differences in police shootings"  "Blacks were actually slightly less likely to be shot at by police officers, though they did face a higher amount of non-lethal force, such as tazing."  http://www.campusreform.org/?ID=7833  Did the RG run this?  I don't remember seeing it but I may have passed it over because the RG usually lags behind the rest of the country with these types of things.
Do you believe children in poverty based urban schools have equal opportunity with those children in a school district that has the top 5% of residential property values?  Physical structures equal, teacher pay equal, home environment safe, proper nutrition equal?  That's just basic environment factors.    Not all kids have equal abilities or equal character, that will never change.  The difference is the mediocre and pampered go onto wealth and social status by the good fortune of their birth.   In another neighborhood they go to prison, or die.    Children don't have choices on how they start life.  People with rigid opinions will always try to simplify the issues.     You knows the 'foundational problem for black people'?    What in your life prepares you to understand the mind and heart of young black people?  *I think you are completely right that education offers a way out.   How do great urban schools happen?
What if a business refused to serve blacks, or the blind or Christians? It's discrimination. If you want to do business in a community, you should adhere to community standards and laws.
BLM looks more like an anarchistic , attention seeking approach than a professional collective working to improve Black people’s lives.    There was one mentally ill man threatening police with a hammer who happens to be black who was killed by the police.(A. Loku)  A year or two before than there was a mentally ill young man with a knife on a trolly car who happened to be white killed by police.  Is their connection mental illness or racial injustice?  I hope that this collective uses a more professional approach to get their issues resolved like Tory would like to see them.
Will look forward to reading this work as I grew up on the Catholic segregated Southside.  My parish, perhaps, the largest in  the archdiocese, Visitation, was in a state of high tension for years as I was growing up.  The fear of blacks breaking the boundaries to move into our neighborhood, which they eventually did, was ever present.  Never a word, a sermon, a lesson about the racial conflict which hung as a persistent cloud over us. A non-Catholic couple had a meeting in their home regarding union activities. Some black persons were invited to attend. Parishioners swelled to about a 1,000 a night for a period of time till the couple was forced to sell and the parish bought the property to keep the neighborhood white.  The RCC was proactive in maintaining segregation.  This is well documented. Check out: The Siege of South Peoria Street.
When Trump loses, I sincerely hope that there will not be a rash of murder suicides or murders of black folks praying in church, by Trump voters. Trump's voters have made it clear that they are willing to use 2nd Amendment solutions to solve their problems. Trump is playing to those folks with his refusal to agree to accept the election results. As ugly as this campaign has been, the post election could be worse. Trump supporters have made sure that we all know they are armed and dangerous. They represent about 20% of the population and they are angry.
Black lives matter....
The State President by the famous name Zuma is the best ever black person hated and cursed, unholy, terrible ever in Africa worst than in Europe, German Hitler who killed so many Jews,American Bush in Iraq,Israelists atrocities against Palestinians, in a Holy South Africa John Vorster,Jimmy Kruger and M C Botha massacred of school children in 1976 for a language.  Zuma has killed who? massacred who?Why so much hatred even God is wondering after all Jesus Christ was crusified for people's sins.  Africa admires this man,he travels arround the world,he is most respected and less hated by his countrymen.I am ashamed of being a South African I wish I was not born here.Hating myself,digracing me,painting my country in black paint.Nevertheless I am still deep rooted in my Africanism which is skin deep.
How are the parents "thugs"? The only answer I can come up with is that many have taken to using "thugs" to replace the former slur directed at black folks and that is how the poster is using it. I hope not but cannot find any other reason one would refer to grieving parents as "thugs."
Actually Trump took a large segment of the black vote,  but Hillary got the White Guilt vote across the board.
Bishop McElroy on voting - it's powerful!  "...turn from warfare to governance:  ...The long tradition of an American political culture which valued coherent and effective governance has largely been evacuated in recent decades. The “war-room” mentality of the perpetual campaign is deeply corrosive to our society and to our national well-being…."  "...turn from a culture of grievance to a culture of solidarity:  ...It will demand a rejection of the tribal element of politics which sees voting as the opportunity to advance the well-being of our race, our class, our religious community at the expense of others. It will entail a purging of the inherent human tendency to allow anger and wedge issues to infect our voting choices…"  "...turn from selective outrage...:  "The reality that young black men fear for their security when facing law enforcement, the sense of dispossession felt by young white men without a college education..."  Much more that is worth thought and prayer.  Read it.
First start with the term "alt-right" which was coined by white supremacists to re-brand the racist and anti-semitic groups on the far right to confuse and make them more palatable. Now those same people have invented "alt-left" in an attempt to create a false equivalency. "See, we're no different than the other side!". Except the alt-right wants expunge America of Jews, blacks, immigrants and foreigners and the other side is against that. No rational person condones violence and we must prevent it, but this is about way more than violence. This is about what is right and good on ones side and what is un-American and evil on the other.
Pres. Trump and his closest aids, all of whom were men, will not fund any organization that doesn't "disavow" abortion.  Women's health, especially in third-world countries, involves education, cancer screening, teaching young women to care for themselves and yes,  sadly abortions are required when women are burdened by pregnancies they can't cope with.  Why are the lives of these women not cherished by people who think in terms of black and white....good and bad?
The long list of petty failures suggests somebody has been keeping book on her minor offenses  from the get go.  That may suggest racism.  But the most legitimate offense I see on the list is a lack of availability at the workplace.  That suggests a poor work ethic is also at work....or should I just say not at work?  The attorney letter has a certain "this person can't be fired no matter what" ring to it.  Take away all the legalese and PC mumbo-jumbo and it basically says, "A black person can't be fired in SPS until such time as there are a lot more black employees".  Laurie Adams comments appear to be way out of line.  But those - plus a lot of old Oregon history - are not much to hang an employment discrimination lawsuit on.    I expect her lawyer to be arguing soon that Mathew Deady tried to fire her.
Once again i commend our officers and troopers for their continued de-escalation. They chose a move that brought reduced risk, and obviously have an opportunity to readdress the individual in a less stressful situation.  A few comments mentioned race, do you think out cops care if he is white, black, native or purple? We grew up with these men/women, went to school, hell even got into their own mischief. They are not there to "catch" us, but to protect us.  Once again, great job APD. We can set the bar, and I appreciate all of your efforts to preserve life in our last frontier.
The Utah Martin Luther King Jr. Commission would hate if it lost all connection to a black man.
Trump certainly gave every benefit of the doubt to Nazis and KKK, but when it comes to black athletes...not so much.
RangerMC wants to ignore suicides and Black on Black crimes as unimportant, even though they constitute most of the gun deaths.  However, White on White crimes are important to him, as are homicides, because they fit his narrative.
I live in a very white small city of perhaps 43 thousand in BC  We have extremely few black folks and if I met someone Jewish, I would have no idea of  their Jewishness unless told so.  Therefore, when on the rare occasion seeing someone Jewish then being told afterward I met a Jewish person, I struggle to imagine what it was I  was supposed to dislike about them.  As for someone Black, the very rare time encountering one with such a colour of skin, my immediate thought is sometimes simply......I am supposed to be biased and rejecting this person......why? What  is objectionable about this person......then I move on.  I am 63 and still struggle to figure out what it is and why we are supposed to dislike all these 'different' people.  Perhaps I am patherically naive and if so......can someone explain all this to me?
rangerMC, why the link to clapman school? this is a radical evangelical school with only three black students, zero poor students, that stresses god, god, god and god. i'm pretty sure that they dont acknowledge that in 2017, the united states is a multi-cultural, multi-racial, multi-religious country.
Best president ?  Are you kidding me or completely blind ? He sent the message to blacks across America that the police were the bad guys and they were the victims .  He did nothing when blacks stole and destroyed property every time a court decision didn't go their way .  When Black Lives Matters marched in New York chanting they wanted dead cops now---he didn't denounce them---he invited them to the White House . Just as he did race baiter Al Sharpton.  When's the last time a president faced so many riots in the streets ? Blacks are slaughtering other blacks by the thousands in his home town of Chicago . He did nothing to try and stop that yet had the gall to do his farewell speech there. More blacks are unemployed today then when Obama took office. Is that something to be proud of ?  He had the chance to bring us all together as American's yet he chose to divide based on color and how much money we have .  History will record him as one of the worst presidents of all time .
Except that Hitler banned a whole group for his purpose of eventually annihilating them. Gun control in the USA has nothing to do with such preposterous proposals. While blacks were banned from owning guns that was the white supremacists ( Hitler light) in the South who indulged in that unconstitutional behavior. At the time they never believed in equal rights where the Constitution applies towards everyone.
Bill:  that's a seriously "wandering" little rant.   It makes it hard to address.  First, don't be silly...of course I don't condone vandalizing statues.....and stating I condone vandalizing the Lincoln Memorial is deeply insulting.    You do realize that Harvey Milk was murdered by Dan White at the same time White also killed S.F. Mayor Miscone.  However, you comments do expose that you are, it seems, homophobic.  You write like you think Mr. Milk was the perpetrator rather than the victim.  BTW: As you know, I do not celebrate "black racism"...I've made that quite clear.  Bill: I've tried to have a civil conversation with you.  You respond with personal attacks.  It's not much fun and it accomplishes nothing.  Is it your goal to simply "pick fights" and start arguments?  If so, I'm not interested.  Maybe someone else will trade insults with you.....not me.    Gary Crum
Icon66:  some folks will use any opportunity to take a shot at President Obama and/or Ms. Obama.  Rap is a "golden opportunity" since it affords a shot a Black culture and the Obamas both.  a "two for one" as it were.......  I'm not a big fan of Rap Music, nor am I a fan of "new country" music...so what.....  I choose to listen to  "Old Time Rock 'n Roll"...my choice.  again, like GBA's condemnation of Rap....so what?
hahaha - I made a very tame, very calm comment re: this article an hour ago, and it has already been BANISHED! And I even opened my comment by stating that I am happy to see more light shed on the exploitation of Africa!  Hilarious! - Pernicious Censorship at its finest right here folks!  The jist of my BANISHED comment: If we want to be honest about the damage done to Africa by evoking the rampant historic slave trade there, we cannot reduce it to a monopolistic onus on white Christians -- this will leave readers grossly misinformed and only FUEL the 'racial' divisiveness more and more apparent in our day.  If we are to bring up white Christian slave trading, we must - as honest brokers of historic 'fact' - also mention the centuries long incidents of Muslim slave holders and traders, trading and holding black Africans... as slaves!  Or is the truth about -ONE- particular faith and culture now off limits, while we can tar another to high heaven?
I'm talking about the eugenics practiced in Oregon which involuntarily sterilized, criminals, the insane and 'wayward teenagers'  from 1917 until it was eliminated by Dr. Kitzhaber in the 70's when he was in the Legislature.    Which was last approved by the Oregon Court of Appeals in 1971 for a girl who was driven crazy by sexual abuse by her father.    The Oregon version was sponsored by Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood.   She also approved of it with W.E.B DuBois to sterilize young black women in The Negro Project and they discussed concerns that it might be viewed by the Negroes as a racial extermination program but still recommended it.  That's the eugenics I don't want back and the kind of judgements caring, concerned, and oh, so liberal and progressive people  make to 'help' people.
When you really think about it, doing away with singing or playing the National Anthem at sport's event will eventually be the thing of the past, especially when the majority of spectators must witness the unnecessary show of ignorance and disrespect to the American flag that represent this great country.  Portraying their 1st amendment right as they proclaim also encourages the president to his 1st amendment right.  The anti's must take the bitter with the sweet...it's not always one sided when it involves a Black person and it's not only "Black lives matter" but all lives matter.
Hillary and friends are down to name calling.  It's all they have left.  Worse than that, if blacks don't vote for Clinton, it will be a personal insult to Barack Hussein Obama's $10T legacy.  OMG!
And who do you thank for the 37% black population in Mississippi?
Gary:  If you were totally against racism, you would have a complaint about only black people being chosen to speak at the rally.   Were there not white people and others with similar stories?  Maybe Jews?
Frederick Minshall, I'm just kidding about that last part---I thought it'd be funny to say; it's what I would say to any foot-soldier, perpetuating the artificial boundaries of racial distinctions, adding strength to a tool which has been used to the detriment of humanity for many centuries.  And you're right---About the Federal Reserve, about generations of discriminatory banking and housing practices, about many aspects of our educational institutions, the unions, the police, the military, the prison system:  America, monolithic bastion of white supremacy, spanning four hundred years and counting.  I think of the rebels in Haiti, throwing off the yoke of slavery and European rule, and turning for help to the new American republic, beacon of liberty---Only to find that, to the "founding fathers", they were just a bunch of lawless blacks.  I see what you're saying---But it's not the whole answer, and perpetuating it isn't the solution
Jeb, You at least recognized that the USA is a multicultural nation.  Trump has isolated the GOP into a one culture party.  Blacks and Hispanics don't have a place in Trump's America and that is why he will lose to Hillary.
I called the police but the woman I talked to simply refused to believe me.  She insisted it could not have been the way I was telling the story, She implied I did it myself as a hate crime against my black roommate. I called CITY TV and the Star but got pretty much the same reaction.  Over the years i have told the story to many people,  and despite similar events happening with alarming frequency nobody takes it seriously. I can even name the perpetrator, but nobody is interested.   I am surprised my comment has not been deleted already.
Ms. "Z" you are beginning to sound like a granola eating  REI person. You do realize that all that wrapped meat in the grocery store once was alive? And some people like poor black Africans count on the Safari hunters for the only meat they get all year? I guess maybe trying to accept the other black African point of view might give you some insight. Safari hunting clients are all backed up by professionals it is the law even in Zimbabwe.
WHY is everyone so quick to claim SOME racism & bigotry is bad, and not ALL of it, as it should be? We must get over the PC baloney and call ALL (Repeat ALL) racism is evil, and has no place in society today!  YES, we must include all the racists in the BLM, Antifa, KKK, black panthers,and every other kind of institutional racism!  And don't forget the racists at  Planned Parenthood!!! (Think they aren't racist? Just google "Margret Sanger and her Negro Project"  PP is VERY RACIST,but nobody ever calls them out on it! It is NO accident that 95% of her abortion clinics were put in black & minority areas!!!  We SHOULD condemn ALL racism, wherever it is, and don't just turn away from some of the racism because they are black or any other type of racist!  And Leave the monuments alone! That is our history, like it or not! If you no like it, then LEARN from them, and truly end ALL Racism, of ANY type!!!!
it was not an "assault rifle"   I wish reporters would get the facts and report the news correctly.  its like saying he was wearing all black and had his face covered he was antifa.
Black people to White people are approx 10:1. That means that if there are 110 people in a room 10 will be white and 6.3 will earn more than 10k a month. There will be 100 black people and 8 of them will earn more than 10 k a month. So establishing that ignoring capital, black people control the wealth of this country by way of spending power.   Even if you were to disappear all the white people without disappearing their wealth, there will now be 1oo black people of whom 14 will earn more than R10 k a month. Still 86 desperately poor people.   If the demographics of the country were reversed, then wealth transfer could have worked. Your only hope to help the 92 poor blacks are growth,growth,growth. Wealth transfer in any form will only benefit the top 10% of black people and most likely the top 1% of black people (the Cadres).   ANC/(RET) the party of the 1% (of black people), by the 1% (of black people),( for the 1%) of black people?
Oh, that white-supremacist that walks into a black church and guns down a prayer meeting, yeah, he's on trial in North Carolina...
Where did you get that info that most were there  illegally?  "Most" were allowed into the U.S. and Canada shortly after the earthquake; it was meant to be a temporary stay until their country was in relatively good condition again.  Canada put an end to its renewal of such stays last year, the U.S. is now thinking about ending theirs.    Pls stop with the misinformation and proselytizing lies/uninformed assumptions/stereoptypes- associating black, brown, visible with suspect/illegal.  I would hazard a guess you are completely unaware of the number of white people who are in Canada and the U.S. illegally.  They would never be arpaio'd; they are seen as belonging.  It's perfectly reasonable to be po'd that these people are flaunting Cdn laws and being rewarded with places to stay, taxpayer funding.  They had a long run, they knew it was not permanent and should have been planning for this day.  They should be sent home.  There is no need to perpetuate stereotypes to make a point.
"It's a simple as that." Incredible you'd be so reductive. No it isn't "simple."  http://www.pbs.org/independentlens/videos/a-law-and-order-man-shares-his-doubts-about-the-war-on-drugs/  The War on Drugs has had a disproportionate effect on African Americans, resulting in mass incarceration and decimating black communities. It's a travesty that no decent person can blithely dismiss.
I would like to see some verified statistics on your point that "the biggest majority of these people you speak of will continue to vote for the party that has directly caused most of their problems...". This kind of comment perpetuates a depressingly familiar habit of white South Africans to view poor, disadvantaged (and black) South Africans as a single group with a mass mentality. Get out from under your cabbage and get to really know some fellow South Africans who happen to be black. It's a start in adjusting your singularly closed-minded perspective. It will also open your small world a tad.
Charles constantly says that all white people have what they have and are successful  solely because of "white advantage".    I am merely returning the favor.  He is black and successful; it must be because of 'affirmative action'  Individual merit has no place in his world.     We are now equal because of his 'black advantage'.
As a Councillor in Baltimore pointed out, removing the statues doesn't take anything out of the history books. The statues were placed in more modern times by racists who were upset about black people having equal rights and as a reminder that could change if they had a chance.
Political thought is not a protected class. You do jot have to make a cake for democrats, but you do have to make a cake for blacks. I am surprised how many people do not know this.
Umm, where in this article does it say that the suspect was black?
Please identify statues of Lenin the in the USA that aren't wholly ironic.  No, I'm not in favor of removing statues of Margaret Sanger, but I see you've been trawling Lifesite News. Are black women who abort coerced by the state? Just in case you're not sure, the answer is No.
Paul, how do you know anything about my knowledge of black history in the south?  What are you talking about German nazis?  You're funny, apologist for racial bigotry?  Nope.  However, I doubt you have ever met a self-styled KKK member or Nazi.  If not, all you know is what the media has told you and the media cares little for truth opting rather for the sensational.  Liberals are pretty much bigots despising anyone who does not think like them.  So we will never be free of bigotry in this country.  Look at you calling me an apologist for racial bigotry.  Ha ha.
And if you're going to go the 'statistically speaking' side of the argument, you should know that statistically, people tend to commit crimes against people that are demographically similar to them. So while yes, since Portland is a majority white city, it lends to the fact that it is more safe for white folks living in majority white neighborhoods, but people of color have their own statistics as far as the likelihood a crime will be committed against them. I'm not saying that people of color are more prone to crime or some ish like that but you aren't taking in the entire picture here for people of color. Using a majority white, relatively crime free population stat to silence the experiences of brown people is a pretty standard way of keeping people of color on the fringes of the reality you and Tyler Hurst live.   Long and short of it, statistically speaking, you were bound to try and deny our experiences as people of color.
It's not about the anthem, the flag, or the military. It's about protesting white supremacy. --------------------------------------- This was proven beyond a doubt when the Dallas Cowboys, after much discussion between players, coaches, and owners, decided to kneel BEFORE the anthem was played in solidarity for the protest against police brutality toward black people. They stood for the anthem. Got that? They still got booed for kneeling. They got booed for exercising their right to protest white supremacy.
I see no reason to compare this to Black Lives matter. Especially as it seems this was pretty much all only white people are being unruly.
One false flag incident does not indicate a trend. The political situation in the US is so bizarre these days that it is often difficult to determine whether any specific incident of outrage is genuine or not. However, it is clear that we have a growing level of xenophobia in all its forms, from all sides: blacks vs whites, rural vs urban,  black coffee drinkers vs latte sippers, etc. It is not good. Those who fuel it are deplorable.
No one finds "hangings funny".  What I find to be funny is the remark "The vast majority of slaveowners provided their slaves with good (by their standards) food, clothing, shelter and medical care if for no other reason that it was clearly in their financial interest to do so."  The sarcastic reply on my part should have been obvious.    "Other non-vigilante lynchings  were also occurring with regularity, such as the hanging of two slaves on July 11, 1856 in South Carolina for aiding a runaway slave, and the hanging of four black male slaves on December 5th of the same year, allegedly for "revolting" against the state of Tennessee."   Another source - "In the Antebellum days of Texas between 1846 and 1861, vigilantes instigated most of the  lynchings. Often these vigilantes imitated legal court procedure, trying the offender before a  vigilante judge and jury."  Try reading Moore, Wilbert Ellis, American Negro Slavery and Abolition: A Sociological Study, Ayer Publishing, 1980
[Up to that moment, the statues were probably just "decorations" in most peoples minds. Now they've become symbols of hate and oppression.] Fun fact: Most confederate statues were erected during the late reconstruction period or during the civil rights era.  Both times when suppression of blacks were at high points in history.
she must be Trump baby that is why she did what she did to distract us from a history making event she new what she was doing and did it anyway shame on her she should have been fired and the photo retaken as it was black heritage month ,
Do mental health statistics correlate with accommodations for these conditions? And do these accommodations inadequetly test the persons capacity to do their future job. Keep in mind there are many specialities within professions.   This article looks like a slippery slope to regression. Many disliked women in the work place and blacks in their schools.
This is an excuse for not paying.   We substitutes are asking for a fair treatment. Probably comes from having a lawyer as a superintendent or governor where the question is always black or white (legal or illegal?)...
I'm pretty sure that directors who are not white fare even worse - let alone non-white women directors! WW is a good start, but Captain Marvel will be a real test - a relatively unknown woman superhero who has struggled to keep a regular comic series going for years. Captain Marvel does not have the built in recognition or the built-in fan base of Wonder Woman. Kevin Feige is on record saying that Captain Marvel will be the most powerful superhero in the MCU, which would be nice.  I think it is unfortunate that the DCEU took away Wonder Woman's long-established ability to fly and I hope it is restored for her next film appearances. Captain Marvel is the full package - incredibly strong, invulnerable, able to fly at ultrasonic speeds, able to project and absorb energy. She could bring women superheroes to a new level.   The next Marvel blockbuster that will be a really interesting cinematic Rorschach test is "The Black Panther." That is a film where almost everyone involved is black.
Ms. Ford, I agree. I have a granddaughter on a high school team here in Anchorage. As a serious player (MVP) she would simply wear longer shorts in the appropriate color and go right on playing as if her life depended on the game but she would definitely not give up the sport.  She gets frustrated with any player who "Just goofs off."  Her brother plays basketball, football, baseball and works out at "the club". Dad coaches football and basketball and refs, and the littlest girl is a black belt in karate at 8 years of age and rides a unicycle. But says she wants a motorcycle.  Others need to get with it, those shorty-outfits went out of style back in the early 90s, I believe. Even the boys' basketball shorts come down to their knees. Poor mama is the victim: you have no idea how much time she spends in the car. She took up knitting...   Grandpa and grandma spend a lot of time sitting on bleachers and cheering.
I admired Martin Luther King so much. I don't think he thought the Democratic Party would become the Black Racist Party. I think he thought when equality was achieved his brothers and sisters would advance the cause, not become the source of division. When Obama made his speech in Illinois I was thrilled. But then came Ferguson and he and Holder deliberately divided the country over race. I Imagine Martin wept.
Fox News and New York Daily News reported the 701 figure as have many other media...Governer Cuomo's hotline reported over 400 calls since Nov 15....  SPLC Say: The report is SPLC’s second since Election Day and covered incidents reported between Nov. 9 and 16. While the organization expressed concern over the increasing number of attacks, it noted that the trend points to a “steady drop-off” as roughly 65% of the incidents were reported in the three days following the election.  Anti-immigrant sentiment was at the top of the list with 206 reported attacks, while anti-woman and anti-Trump attacks remained at the bottom with 36 and 27 reported attacks respectively. A total of 151 incidents targeted black people, 80 targeted LGBT-people, 51 targeted Muslims and 60 involved swastikas.
Shame on all the superdelegates who did not represent the actual will of the people.   Closed to 70% of democratic state parties made deals with the Hillary Victory Fund. The Fund allows Hillary’s multi-millionaire and billionaire supporters to bypass individual campaign donation limits.  It also enables the Clinton campaign to buy 500+ superdelegates with the promise of contributions to their re-election fund.    Hillary also received millions of additional votes because of the EARLY endorsement from the 500+ superdelegates.  This is because electability has been a major factor among many voters especially black voters.  To date, 22 million people have voted and Bernie Sanders has won 46% of the states; it’s absolutely disgraceful that he has only received less than 5% of these superdelegates.    The race is rigged for sure!
When the GOP props up a token black or woman candidate who espouses their conservative   policy, it does NOT put to rest the stereotype that the GOP is a party of racism and sexism. It only shows the deceit that the party will go to to mask its racism and sexism.  How many folks of color did you see at those Trump rallies? How many  women have to come forward to state that they were sexually assaulted by your immoral PE  before the GOP will respect the dignity of women and reject his misogyny?
The Irish stopped being discriminated against when they became white instead of Irish immigrants. The easiest way to become white is to learn to fear and hate black people. Native Americans, Asians, and Latinos will do in a pinch. This country was founded as a white racist nation. The proof is in the original Constitution. We have been working on becoming "a more perfect union" ever since. The best thing about Trump is that he made it impossible to deny to role of white racism in our society. It has been there from the beginning of the nation. The southern colonies would never have joined the revolution if race based slavery was not protected.
Ever wonder why the police kill unarmed African Americans at traffic stops?  I have never been approached for a traffic violation by a cop who pointed a gun at me.  Ever wonder why a 12 year old was shot within second after being seen playing with a toy gun?  The list goes on and on of African Americans shot in the back by the police.  It's either racism or the cops are tempermentally unfit, overweight, under-trained white sissies.  The Nashville shooting was all over the media.  Name all the other white people shot by police.
Lazeelink,  The GOP cut off Warren's short reading of Coretta King's letter. The letter pointed out that Jeff Sessions has a long history of treating blacks more than poorly. Sessions is also adept at voter suppression measures - suppressing the votes of minorities of course. Voter suppression is something that the White House and, indeed, many current GOP state governors want to use in the coming years.
Here is an interesting contrast from this commentary by the anit-Trump, PC police at the Washington Post.  You can pull the whole article off Drudge.  “When Donald opened his club in Palm Beach called Mar-a-Lago, he insisted on accepting Jews and blacks even though other clubs in Palm Beach to this day discriminate against blacks and Jews. The old guard in Palm Beach was outraged that Donald would accept blacks and Jews so that’s the real Donald Trump that I know.”  That was author Ronald Kessler in a July 2015 interview with Newsmax...
Wow. Up is down, black is white and a certain set of people seem to have gone right through Lewis Carroll's looking glass.  How on earth do these Alice in Wonderland types function in society?  ...probably through the social security that their own preferred politicians would love to take away from them.
I don't know what he said, But Eric does a fair amount of drive by's himself. There are some people who deserve to be called what they are, but it is a quantum leap from there to racial slurs - some blacks like to be called black, some don't like to be called African American, some want to be called American (why wouldn't we call everybody that ?). My chat with Icon, although it is my opinion, I believe her to be a bigot who attacks anybody who is a Christian just because they are, based on her presuppositions (as Norstog does). I don't like the term liberal (or any other term) but in some cases we have to use terms society uses for the sake of convenience. There is a lot of mudslinging, and I partake in that as well (I do owe you an apology for being mean to you at times so I offer it), but these things get heated. I don't even call people fat because I was teased as a kid and know how damaging language can be, and to a certain degree what we are known as we can start to become.
Actually, I think that many leftists do think that the government sanctioned mass murder of their political opposition is perfectly acceptable. They are rabid ideologists above all else, and inherently believe they know what is best for you. Literally all genocide in the past century has been committed by socialists and communists... be they European, African, Latino, Asian.
Anti-immigrant sentiment was at the top of the list with 206 reported attacks, while anti-woman and anti-Trump attacks remained at the bottom with 36 and 27 reported attacks respectively. A total of 151 incidents targeted black people, 80 targeted LGBT-people, 51 targeted Muslims and 60 involved swastikas.  Defacing property is a crime and I trust the SPLC to identify hate attacks appropriately....I have no idea except for the 60 swastikas whatever property defacement was done with respect to gay's, blacks etc but suspect a fair amount was done...typically the SPLC hands over these things to law enforcement for suitable attention.....
Outsider:  We do know, of course, that institutionalized discrimination was still present in THIS country during the period before the Civil Rights Act.  We do know that public institutions were segregated, that blacks couldn't use most public accomodations, sat "in the back of the bus", couldn't use public pools and other facilities, and were forced to attend segregated and markedly inferior schools.  We also know that a myriad of tactics were used to discourage black voters, including violence and intimidation.  If YOU don't know all this, you apparently haven't been paying attention.   You're "proud that Trump has refused to renounce David Duke"  Renouncing David Duke and the rabid racism he represents is hardly being "the lap dog od the media."  It, instead, represents showing at least a modicum of decency and repudiating the values of one of our nation's highest profile racists. If Mr. Trump wants the votes of "non-racist" Americans, he should welcome the chance to repudiate Duke
F.O.S.:  You ask a really important question:  Black athletes are using their own "bully pulpit" to demonstrate their social concerns.  It seems some would say, "OK, do all the demonstrating you like, just don't do it at those games where it will be seen my millions.  Perhaps one might counter "it's OK for President Trump to express his views on these issues, just don't do it where anyone can see, hear or read of those views."  Gary Crum
It's been well established that winning metros does not amount to an equivalent gain in national votes.  You're absolutely right that the DA has to appeal to black voters, but they also rely heavily on not splitting their already shaky support base, most of which are Helen Zille fans.  I just disagree that treating Mmusi like the Messiah amounts to winning the black vote. Recall that the DA made those breaks under Zille's leadership, and that by all indications, Mmusi has not exactly been popular with anyone except other DA representatives.
No, before Wade Page murdered 6 and wounded 4 Sikhs, he was peacefully living as a skinhead white supremacist who told a friend there was going to be "impending racial holy war"  Dylan Roof sat through bible study before murdering 9 of the black people in that church because of his own racist hatred - to start a race war. Substitute "jihad" for "race war" and it doesn't change the act.  Those murderers aren't better because they didn't yell a vague religious slogan.  McVeigh killed over 160 people for working in a building because he had a grudge against "the government".  A couple where I was working at the time lost an infant in the rubble there.  He didn't yell anything religious. Does that improve things?  No. Mass murderers have gotten addled somehow, gotten weapons, and then grab for a justification. Don't blame what an addled person blames for their behavior. You trying to blame "Islam" is the same as trying to blame "White".
Spoken by someone who doesn't appear to actually understand what the BLM matter is actually about.  Hint: its not saying that black lives matter more than anyone else.
>>Every single one,   Right... and   >>the Orthodox Patriarch resided there for hundreds of years afterwards.  . And Hagia Sophia remained a church... too, Right? . How many Muslim in said countries now? And how many non-Muslims left in Muslim territories since onset of the Religion of Pieces ( not misspelled)?  What is the word for a  'black person' in Arabic? Abd (slave)? And 'Kafir'? Please do tell us more about history?
Hi Gary Frohnmayer's use of 'oriental" rather than Asian was unintelligent but probably so the way he was pilloried for it. I don't know the context. I guess he never read Edward Saïd--his loss. I mostly cringe at millennials' rhetoric about speech but sometimes they have a point.  You posed a question above that in my opinion should be reversed: when does what some call just a "silly PC issue" become a "legitimate concern"? I would say it comes down to what historically exploited and attacked groups might call "fighting words"--attack words that are rightfully considered a pretext to assault.  Were I Black and a white person addressed me as nigger, there would likely be blows. Likewise, verbal harassment of a sexual nature directed towards me because I am a woman could result in a physical altercation, depending on the words andcircumstances.  PC is an American phenomenon and reflects the shallow and parochial nature of its discourse. We Europeans have a very hard time relating to it.
One last example, my brother owns numerous  Little Caesars Pizza Shops , and at times he has assisted at the take out window. He stated it was unbelievable how poorly customers treated him, as well as other employees working at the window.  The customers treated them like they were low-life uneducated trash. The fascinating part was the worst offenders were lower class  customers.  My point is that human nature causes many to judge others as inferior, simply due to ignorance.  Color of ones skin had nothing to do with it, but perceived wealth and education did. Apparently seeing a 45 yo man working at the take out window instantly causes some to judge him as a poor uneducated employee who obviously can't get another job.  Privilege is about money, and rich people, regardless of color have it, while poor people don't.  You do realize that Blacks only make up 12-13% of the population.  There are many more poor whites.  But you won't be convinced. There are none so blind...
Here's my point Ransom: "The black-man-as-criminal stereotype runs deep.  The archetype is so prevalent that the majority of whites and African Americans agreed with the statement “blacks are aggressive or violent” in a national survey.  In support of these findings, other research indicates that the public generally associates violent street crime with African Americans. Other nationwide research has shown that the public perceives that blacks are involved in a greater percentage of violent crime than official statistics indicate they actually are."
You are wrong. Racism can be active or passive, but attention to the needs of an ignored minority is in no way racist.  Now, consider Republican Congressional caucuses - They do not admit black Democratic legislators through their closed doors. By your reckoning, they are racist. Or, as you proclaim loudly, RACIST! Now, that would be foolish, wouldn't it? But, coincidentally enough, the Republican Party IS a racist party, catering to the KKK and Aryan Brotherhood types.
One of our two priests is South African. I'd agree, that he doesn't put great faith in government, but the parish itself is a "social system." Being 95% Black, and poor, the church is a dynamic hub of social programs. And not having faith in government doesn't mean not engaging with it, trying to hold it to account and working to help it do less harm and more good. He seems to be a very joyful and loving man, but he is quite fierce about these things.
WALLe:  You have every right to boycott any business you choose.  Certainly, no one is forcing you to watch NFL or to buy tickets to Ducks' games.  The boycott has long been a method to demonstrate dissatisfaction with public or private policy and I honor it as an important part of American democracy.  BTW: I also honor the players' "taking a knee" during the national anthem to protest the treatment of Blacks by the police as an expression of their freedom of expression.... We, it seems, disagree on this.  I'll be watching NFL games, you likely won't.  That's life in a democracy.  best regards, Gary Crum
The jury composition is and of itself valid argument for prohibiting peremptory challenges.  Attorneys can stack the deck however they want (from the available pool) without having to admit they were deliberately excluding black jurors.  White supremacy is by no means a 'thing of the past' in NC.  I lived there.  The fact there is even any question in this case despite direct visible evidence further substantiates my assessment.  And yes, I am aware that at least ten of the jurors willing to convict that cop for being videotaped committing murder and tampering with evidence are 'white'.
Please - try some education and nuance.  You may believe that life begins at conception but most catholics, using reason and current medical science, see a development before we pronounce *life*.  Guess what, even the Church held that position for centuries and most significant denominations and religions do not have such a black and white life at conception cut off e.g. Protestants, Jews, Eastern Orthodox, etc.  Compare slavery and abortion - really - guess you know from experience about which is worse?
The Southern poverty law center has about as much credibility as black lives matter... Just another Leftist, activists hate group. Try harder next time George. You can do better than that.
Aw, poor snowflakes. They want to watch black athletes but don't want to be reminded of BLM?   The poor snowflakes. White fragility is a heck of a thing.
So okay.  Houston we have a problem.  This silly rag splashed across the web pages COPS KILLED BY SNIPER.  My heart broke over that.  NO ONE should be murdered.  Then I realized this RAG had nary a mention of the Black man shot and killed in his car when getting ID that had been requested.  Oh yeah..there was a 4 year old in the back. Oh yeah, the girlfriend/mother in the car live streamed the murder of this man, this civilian.    Strange fruit hanging from a Poplar tree.  This is not stopping here.  There is a revolution coming.  There is trouble brewing in our nation.  My brother took me and my sister (he told us to stay down in the back of the car) to the Watts area and I remember it burning.  I stand w/the African Americans.  So in Atlanta, a black man was found hanging from a tree.  The coroner declared it was suicide.    70% of cop killers are white.  Ponder that.  http://www.cnet.com/news/after-dallas-shootings-former-congressman-threatens-war-against-obama-on-twitter/  l2g
Again, from table 3:  White Murder Offenders: 4,636 Black Murder Offenders: 5,620  Why are you having such a hard time accepting the truth?
So what does your sister think of  the new reports today that as the "pageant" owner Trump often walked in unannounced into the dressing room of nude female contestants to check out his goods. Now if a black or female nominee for US president did that, would they get the free pass that Trump gets?  The defense for Trump is simple, no matter how obnoxious and nasty he is , the other "guy" or "woman" is worse.
Is there any difference between hatred based on centuries of abuse, dehumanisation/daily indignities, discrimination and one based solely on skin colour?  Is it reasonable for blacks in South Africa to hate whites?  Is it rational for blacks  who lived under slavery and jim crow to have hatred of whites? Do you think when white men hung black men in the south for fun, it is rationale for the latter to hate.  Do you think when whites accuse black men of rape, kidnapping murdering their family(Susan Smith, Sue Artman, Charles Stuart, etc,. then turns out they murdered their children; lied about rape) that hatred of whites is rationale?  Do you think it reasonable for FN to hate whites/clergy?  These people have every reason to hate because of what was/continues to be done to them BUT THEY DONT; they quickly and willingly forgive.  Yet when they speak up for their rights, people like you label them racists? BLM message is BLM TOO, not just yours...and good for them for saying enough!
All black people were not allowed to vote in 1954. Guess again.
You are doing an outstanding job Brian Black. Thank you for championing the good fight for transparency. And thank you Civil Beat for keeping us up to date on the progress.
Republicans did NOT "lynched, raped and otherwise victimized freed blacks". It was CONSERVATIVES, who belonged to the Democratic party that did that. Your party might have been conservative back then, but to deny that your party was the bad guys in that, is to deny responsibility.
Marco, I have no problem with DM printing this sort of racist and divisive rhetoric. Sure it is an ideology that the writer believes in (yeah right - he probably believes in tenderpreneurship and cash in the brown envelope). But if DM wants to perpetuate the idea that the DA is a party of "white bosses and black stooges" and give credence to all the other blatantly racist utterances, this, I believe, falls under the heading of fake news and so shall DM be judged.
LOL you are off your rocker or off your meds.  I thought you were all about 'protecting those who were falsely accused of crimes'.  Usually you have to have actual proof to be guilty and this falls far far short of 'proven guilt'  Lets say we reversed a few facts in the story.  It was a black man and a black woman involved or a black man and a black man.  Or maybe just a anyone not as despised as a 'rich white girl' with a lawyer for a daddy.    As I have said repeatedly its possible that she is in the wrong but I would like to see some REAL proof not lynch mob NONSENSE. You have bought one possible story and are defending it without facts against other stories that could just as easily be accurate.
The NFL is entertainment. People watch to cheer on their teams' players when they risk body and mind to make millions. Not, to watch he minuscule amount of irrelevant players claim the US flag is a symbol of racism, white superiority and the ethic cleansing of black by police. It's no longer enjoyable to relax and cheer for. So absurd..
Wow Leonard! One person called him a marty! I guess that shows me how wrong I am! (Oh, that's sarcasm, if you missed it) oh, and for all of you who comment thinking that black lives matter means black lives matter more than anybody else's, no! It just means that black lives matter TOO, which is evidently very very difficult for some people to grasp.
I doubt there were any blacks or Mexicans on the team so why wouldn't they  want to go?  My guess is that their reception will be the best ever.  Just huge! Certainly the largest crowds ever will be there - much bigger than when Obama hosted them last time.
Coming from an individual who most likely supports the BLM (black lies murder) group and the G. Soros backed Antifai terrorist organization
you mean " Black" Bear Lives Matter.
a bit "heavy-handed" but Hitler got elected as German Chancellor because people were so apathetic - like only 35% of registered voters actually voted. That's the REAL danger, here. And remember, the ancient Greeks had a word for a person who didn't vote: "IDIOT." Still true, today. Trump got elected because blacks, Hispanics, women took it "for granted" that Hilary would win.....so they didn't vote. I love "mail-in" voting. I've read before, that similar proposals to tie voter registration to DMV also include automatic mailing of ballots to everyone. Hawaii legislators always seem determined to leave the State ranked 'way down low, as far as anything "progressive" goes. All that matters is that billionaire property owners get richer. all the rest is just "talk story."
Saw an interesting comment on another board today. "So blacks who were never slaves are decrying whites who were never nazis over statues installed by democrats many years ago". Time to take a chill pill
The clarity in this whole saga, once again points to the fact that none of this would have been possible without Zuma's influence.  He is the King Pin.  I wonder what systems he put in place to check on his "kick backs"? Huge Pyramid scheme!..and the fact remains, that it is highly unlikely that the rest of ANC within the Political or State Institutions, did not have knowledge of this.  Including those who have now chosen to "stand with the people/constitution.....and no one has asked, and they have not offered an explanation as to why NOW?  Part of the problem is that we dont ask why, to get below what's happening on the surface...as our friends here are doing...simply accept the Political and Media conditioning.  Malema, Cyril and Zuma have all swayed with the status quo, contradictions and a general lack of authenticity, all have other interests at heart. Musi insists on being seen as a Black Man, misses the point about finding a non discriminating balance as a Relevant Leader. Eish
The writer is a Marxist and poor black people have taken the place of  the "proletariat".  Remember the Marxist newspaper in Russia, Pravda? Pravda means truth in Russian. Typical doublespeack Marxist strategy.  He calls his article the "truth" for Trudeau. My truth regarding Africans is many Somalians live in public Canadian housing and get paid for having children and get free health care. The last time I was in a government building about 98% of the workforce were black women and the person I was talking to had a distinctive African accent. I would guess Canada is pretty good to Africans. Hows that for your  pravda Caplan?
So let me get this straight. Before the protests, Black students were more eager to come to Mizzou. It was a hotbed of racism and bigotry but Black students came anyway cheerfully spending their student loan money in a school where life for people like them was intolerable. But after the racist President and football coach resigned Black students enrolled at a significantly lower rate?  I know nothing about the University. I've never even met a graduate from there so I cannot speak to the culture on that campus. But their journalism school was highly regarded and I find it difficult to believe that the high quality professors who are necessary to build and maintain a top ranked program would happily remain in that sort of environment.
Her Crime was covering up the 'facts': washed the car, cleaned up, etc. , and this is an Obama "Dreamer"! (DACA). Her reaction to eventually realizing the tragedy was an insight into her character-instead of calling the Police and reporting it, she attempted to cover it up, hoping no one would notice. Can you imagine if I, as a white man, were to drive into a pile of leaves and unbeknowest to me, killed two little Hispanic girls? ..."CRUCIFY HIM"!  Because we now have Officials, Judges, and other authorities who are mad that Trump Won, and are now, giving "pay Back"- by using"kid gloves" on anyone who is gay, black, or Hispanic.
Amen!  Democratic programs have DECIMATED the black family.
Granpa Tim writes:  "Growing up in rural Ontario there was a loaded 12 gauge shotgun behind the door and a loaded .22 on a rack over the door...varmints got shot."  --  If you actually grew up in rural Ontario you'd know that a .22 would be of little use against a bear and a 12-gauge would have to be loaded with a slug to have any chance of stopping a bear.  And, if you had any knowledge of black bear behaviour, you'd know that almost all black bear attacks, exceedingly rare as they are, are by male bears.  This was a female.  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/technology/science/a-few-surprises-in-decades-long-black-bear-study/article579472/
Why?  Are you being serious or being sarcastic?  "Omar Mateen ... the awkward man in black caused wholesale death. Chuckling and declaring allegiance to the Islamic State". NY Times
...and then Parnell refused to cooperate with the scary black man and refused to take the Federal money necessary for that to happen. You can turn your ire on Parnell.
Last year my wife and I attended the pride parade. BLM had a booth set up and were selling Tee shirts to raise money. My wife being the bleeding heart liberal she is decided she wanted to purchase a tee shirt to help them with their cause. Well, when she went to pay she was told that she was white and therefor couldn't purchase a tee shirt because they were for black people only! Can you all imagine that? We mentioned this to some reporters who were there but of course being MSM they wanted absolutely noting to do with the truth and just shooed us away.  BLM practices racial discrimination, the very thing they are supposedly fighting for to get rid of in society. Strange how THEY are never charged with hate speech, or any other crime.
I addressed your entire comment, but, apparently your private school exclusive education didn't include reading comprehension.  YOU got a free education thanks to your rich parents.  You appararently feel you have been left out of something because of your race.  Scholarhips are given out in large part based on need.  Since your family was rich, that is the reason you didn't qualify.  Other scholarships were available based on merit, but 3.9 doesn't stack up to black, brown, or white with 4.0.  I doubt whether you had any "close minority friends" with your racist attitude.  All of this sounds too much like a regurgitated tale from some racist, right-wing website repeated too often ever since Affirmative Action became legal.  I question the veracity of any of these claims in relation to your personal experience.
May I say that I am very disappointed in this article.  typical Torontonian, thinks you can cover Maritime history in a weekend.  I've lived and worked all over Canada, and would hardly consider Digby "remote".  As a child, my Dad took our family to Africville so that we could better understand how shamefully Black Nova Scotians were treated, was not a pretty sight.  Most homes were in a deplorable state, the streets were more dirt than gravel and no such thing as sidewalks existed. Paths lead to outhouses between the houses.  Kids my age wore worn clothes and looked as curiously at us as I'm sure we did to them.  Hard working Mom's washed cloths in outside basins and hung them to dry.  Independence was forced upon the community, as it was ignored, no shunned, by the city & the province (we Whites) & denied services.  It was no accident that the city dump was next-door.  But there was a sense or community, something that died with the removal to foreign public housing units nearby.
I feel your pain.   I barely survived a shotgun gas station holdup by two black men back in 1968.
In 2015, 94 were unarmed. . You would expect more white to be killed than blacks, given that black people make up only 11% of US population. . You don't know what you are talking about. .
You're having a tough time with the last 160 years of history, aren't you?   Which party, today, defends slavery? Defends Lee? Argues that blacks were better off during slavery?  Here's a hint: it's not the democratic party.  But hey, who cares about what happening today! What happened 160 years ago is what's important. Way to show those libtards!
It's getting harder to sit on the sidelines and just try to view sports without the anti American, anti western and yes anti white male culture thrown in your face anymore. Am I a racist? No. I marched for civil rights in the 60s too. But today the fires of the culture war presented by the media including ESPN have divided us more. I'm talking about more than ideology too. When I turn to a sports show that features former atheletes exhibiting a keen African American flavor, speaking ebonics and jiving around, I don't relate to it. It turns me off. I don't think I'm alone. I'm not a white supremist but does that mean rejecting black supremacy is wrong. I'm proud of my roots too. But why not just leave the culture war out of sports?
This year - majority of the protests were for the sake of a protest, nothing to do with the police interaction with the blacks or anybody else.  If Kaep would've done his stunt for a few games, made it well known why and went back to what he should've been doing, the conversation would've shifted to what he wanted it to be, instead it remained on him and his disrespecting the flag.   Brandon Marshall is proof that it works - he did the kneel down a few times, went and talked to the Denver PD and worked on improving communication and went back to standing - the conversation shifted from Brandon to what was accomplished...  But - hindsight is always 20/20... this year the message has been drowned out and is out of hand.
Once upon a time Canada was divided by English and French what united these cultures was hockey. English and French both celebrated Christmas, Easter, Halloween and minor differences on Dominion Day. Presently hockey is not popular with Islam, Chinese, Hindus, Blacks, Phillipinos and Jews. In another 25 years hockey will be a minor sport. Basketball, soccer and cricket being the most popular. Just look at the current TV ratings. Christmas has been changed to the Holidays to welcome varies groups. Christmas Tree is the holiday Tree etc. Diversity does not unite but separates the country...........
But you know, the erection of these monuments, during the era of Jim Crow, was all about continued oppression for Blacks.  It was the revisionist state leaders of that time who put those monuments up, the people who lynched Blacks who worship them.  Should they then be left in privileged public sites, like in front of courthouses, to repeat the message that Black's are second-class citizens?  The worship might not stop when the monuments are gone, but the public validation of those views by having them in privileged locations sure will.
Yeah, and I bet you believe Jesus is white.  Solomon, "black but comely" is also white and let's not forget Elizabeth Taylor as portraying the black queen Cleopatra.  No, kids get the impression that the great race is the white race.  You remember Tarzan don't you?
Looking back, was it really a good idea to have Al Sharpton, Black lives Matter (pigs in a blanket, fry'em like bacon), Muslim Brotherhood, on and on, visiting the WH dozens of time? At a time of rampant terrorism, was it a good idea to exacerbate the racial divide? Common sense will prevail in the SC. We're lucky Trump was elected.
Gay Pride surely includes black people who are gay. What's the issue?
That choice was not open to the blacks who fought for their civil rights and it is not open to women in the Church.  "Keep the faith, change the Church".
Hardly! As BLACK Woman myself,  I want all Women of color the same access to have safe modern abortions IF that is their choice! We non White females CAN think for ourselves, you know. Please don't repeat the spiel about "dead fetus= Dead baby. If YOU cared about the latter you would be resisting a 'healthcare system ' that's about to deprive 32 Million people of medical care- what about those BORN children?
(Part two of two)  Digging deeper, from the Jews, “The LORD” as distinct from current ruling politicians “comes, he comes to rule the earth.  He shall rule the world with justice and the peoples with his constancy” (Psalm 96:13).  There is more relevance in John 1:1-18.  “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word WAS God. . . . the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it. . . .The true light, which enlightens everyone, was coming into the world” by means of the Faithful this day.  “ . . . full of grace and truth . . . grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.”  Very little ambiguous about that.  Black Catholics, with more than the usual mainstream Muslim relatives and friends, especially have plenty special offerings for the whole world today.  More: We have to stop thinking of the Church in terms of priests and nuns.—Monicadeangelis  and start thinking with the Church in terms of the Liturgy of the Word.
BLM is NOT a racist hate group despite the right-wing extremists' racist and false accusations based on the actions of a few black extremist thugs.  Instead, BLM is a movement targeted toward equal treatment of blacks, and its agenda supports addressing inequalities visited on people simply because of the color of their skin . https://policy.m4bl.org/end-war-on-black-people/
BLM is a complete sham. They only care about political points and pointing the finger at whites.   Where is BLM outrage on black on black gang-related crime in the US, which kills a lot more blacks than police officers?
We should be more cocerned by the "alt-Left" which is taking over the Democratic Party.  Identity politics is a central feature of that party and their welcome to the Black Lives Matter groups (including iinvitations to the White House) are of concern.
Do you mean millions of Black and Hispanic soldiers (some not even given full citizenship), who have died for our nation?    Or do all veterans look like GI Joe?  (or did they have a black model?).  It stinks to say that only the far right represents our nation as patriots.   If you have a soldiers honor, let us know that you support equal treatment for all races under United States civil law.  I don't consider speeches containing racial, religious bigotry worth a thing.   In those case 'free' speech represents worthless speech at best, dangerous treason at worst.       I tried for 30 mintutes to find video of any 'speeches', couldn't fine one, do you have a link?
If a Professor "sincerely believes" that black people aren't equal to white people, and teaches this to their students, would that be ok? How about if they "persist in teaching" that the Holocaust didn't happen?   In other words, you're making a free speech argument, as if free speech was an absolute. It isn't.   In any event, any hysteria is premature. Universities aren't federal institutions, they are provincial. So it would depend on provincial regulations.
One wonders what Justin was smoking when he took a picture of the sign he describes as "White with the business name in large black lettering, the sign...located in front of the building ..."
The Klan was big in Eugene and the rest of Oregon in the 1920-25 timeframe.    There were so few blacks, though, that they had to settle for nailing the American Flag across the door of the Catholic Church and picking on Jews.  Quite a few blacks came to work in Kaiser's shipbuilding yards in Portland during the war (Vanport, Oregon) so that solved the scarcity of targets, but by then some sanity had appeared.
As you said you are who your are based on your words and by just noting that the law enforcement system is run by whites shows your bitter racism. So I bet it really burns you up to see our Country run by a Black man? I do not care at all who has what job as well as they are competent and earned the job and it was not given to them due to any other reason then they were the most eligible. Obviously a persons race has a big impact on how you see them.....sorry for this but dont know what to tell ya....maybe get over it and move on? The whale slaughter is not words I made up, research the article, they admitted it and the VPSO, who is not White but native, concurred. Sorry to burst your bubble.
Black players are protesting the way Blacks are treated. They are not being 'showmen' or 'exhibitionists'.
Wow, you have a fertile imagination.  General Forrest, you allege, saved blacks?  The same Forrest who founded the KKK and was its first leader?  The same man who advocated lynching?  Still haven't addressed the question about states' ability to secede.  Madison and Andy Jackson both said states could not do.  Familiar with the post Civil War Supreme Court decision regarding secession?  There is nothing in the Constitution permitting the nullification of laws or the departure from the "perpetual union".  Re:  Dred Scott, slave owners already had the right to take slaves to other parts of the country, live there for a period of time, and return without losing ownership.  (Read the decision).  The decision is ugly for two reasons - free blacks in the U.S. were deemed ineligible for citizenship; slaves could never be citizens.  Taney went on to say that the Missouri Compromise was unconstitutional, which was a moot point because of the action by Congress in 1854.
Long before whitey showed up us Injuns held sporting events, and every one of us had mascots. They are our traditions and culture. Consider the arrogance of an all white state school board with 1 token black, banning the Indian mascots created by Indians for Indians on our sovereign Indian nations. This is a despicable political attack on our heritage and culture that is teaching our children a racist stereotyping of Indians. For example, us Injuns wear paint on our face for every occasion, and some wear it 24/7, and yet in racists stereotyping of Indians PC liberals claim this is "war paint." No, our mascots are not a pretty easy way to forget our culture, and history, they're upholding it.
Too many players are playing like they have run out of gas or the moment is too big for them. Nolan seems to be the only player playing with any emotion or sense-of-urgency. I know Buddy Black loves to say "that's baseball" to excuse the Rockies failure to make the key play. Unfortunately, playing poor baseball in August and September has been "that's baseball" for the Rockies since 2007 and 2009. Rockies had been treading water since Nolan hit for the cycle on Father's Day and now they are on the verge of sliding out of the wildcard. Black needs to shake things up and find a way to wake this team up before the Rockies waste such a promising start. "That's baseball" has become an excuse for not making the play that wins the game. It is time to start seeing and hearing that's "winning" baseball by the Rockies!!!
“But you were perfectly fine with it when Obama held multiple closed door meetings with Black Lives Matter at the White House?” That’s quite an assumption out of nowhere. No! I wasn’t ‘perfectly fine with it’. I don’t know what was said in those meetings, do you? Maybe Obama told ‘em that the radical factions/people in that group need to cool their jets. I could see that.  I’m not ok with those cop killings or with cops killing people for no good reason & getting away with it. Not ok with some whackjob shooting Congressman. Not ok with the many instances of far right fringe whackos, KKK, neoNazis, etc bombing & burning Jewish synagogues, Mosques, & predominantly black churches. It has been documented that the great majority, pretty much all, of the homegrown terrorist acts have been committed by people that share the same views as those groups I mentioned. Unless you get & believe all your “news” from some so called alt-right, conspiracy theory, web sites you know this.
I am tired of this LGBT stuff. I am tired of Black Lives Matter. I have gay friends both men and women and I myself am a mix of Indian, Black and White. Maybe now the heterosexuals should decide to have their own parade and simulate sex acts as those in the Pride parade do in public view.
Popularity of hockey is dying in Canada. Ottawa cant even get a sell out for a playoff game. Most popular watched sporting event in Canada is Super Bowl, number 2 is World cup of soccer and number 3 is Euro cup. All three have nothing to do with Canada. Basketball is very popular among the youth of Canada. Blacks, Jews, Flippino, Chinese all prefer basketball. Immigrants from Sub continent of India prefer Cricket, Soccer is Arabs, south Americans, old Europeans and Africans. Another 25 years hockey will be a minor sport in Canada.
The Philadelphia model may reduce the number of unfounded sexual assault cases but does that necessarily imply that it improves the system and makes it more just?  Or does it simply imply that the secondary review, with a clear gender bias, is going to result in more charges?    Do we extend this model to include secondary reviews of other unfounded cases such that white people's unfounded cases get a secondary review by black people or that rich people's unfounded cases get a secondary review by poor people?  Who decides which block of cases should be reviewed by opposing interest groups?  I think the Philadelphia model sets a dangerous precedent.
What bothers me is that the sensitivity is apparently a one-way street. Shurtz was depicting Dr Damon Tweedy, a black man from an average black home in Washington DC who decided to go to University and become a doctor. His message: You can, too. Shurtz was not mocking him, she was attempting to honor his work, his book, his achievement. Obviously, she's a racist and none of the people calling for her resignation are. Obviously she's insensitive and her actions must not be tolerated, no matter her intention.
My first, second and thirty-fourth reaction to Charles is that he is racist.    His continued whining about white discrimination even when I have pointed out the success of people like Gen. Colin Powell, Dr. Ben Carson and others in several responses strengthens that reaction almost every day and almost every post.  He continues to bleat that no black person can be successful or ever has been because of white privilege.    The conclusion?   His success must be due to something else.
"The Southern Poverty Law Center says it recorded 447 incidents of hateful intimidation and vandalism in the first five days after the election."   Racism should never be tolerated. Not on these pages, not on the streets, not anywhere.  FYI, Black Lives Matter (BLM) is an international activist movement, originating in the African-American community, that campaigns against violence and systemic racism toward black people.
The Dems are the party of unreconstructed racists... Know your history. Don't be fooled by any supposed Left love of blacks and women. They are only playing on fears and hate to win votes. Want proof? We don't hear boo about Native American anythings from the Left - because there are no votes to be had there. But since there are quite a few women and blacks running around, oh yeah the Left "cares" about their plight. Don't get all tunnel vision when looking out for racism. Look at policies and long term ill-effects, and see what is truly racist.
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan,   Aware that black-on-white rapes are 100 times more common than the reverse, that black-on-white robberies were 139 times as common in the first three years of this decade as the reverse? We have all heard ad nauseam from the Rev. Al about Tawana Brawley, the Duke rape case and Jena. And all turned out to be hoaxes. But about the epidemic of black assaults on whites that are real, we hear nothing. Sorry, some of us have heard it all before, about 40 years and 40 trillion tax dollars ago. This needs to be passed around because, this is a message everyone needs to hear! OK, will you pass it on? YES. I did but will you? I passed it on because I'm for a better America. I am Not racist, Not violent, Just not silent anymore.  In GOD we trust!
I don't really think most sane South Africans long back to apartheid. The same way most South Africans would never long for days when "black people were inferior"; what an inane remark. What I do know is we are so punch drunk and flabbergasted by what is currently happening to our country that the most citizens have become so cynical in their views over current politics that the rehash just does not add up at this stage. It is certainly of historical interest, yes. We have so much stuff on our plates at the moment that digging up skeletons is at this point not really a priority.
The "legally armed black man in Minnesota" actually wasn't armed legally.  I would imagine that's why they didn't come running to his defense.  But nice attempt at making it a racial issue.
"... he drew equivalency between African American protesters and white supremacists in Charlottesville, even when a protester - non-Caucasian was killed and several injured..."  Just to be clear on the facts; first, it was NOT just AA protestors in charlottesville so your point about his intent there is questionable.  Second, the young woman mowed down by the white supremacist with a car was caucasian.  Third, there were two Mrs. Johnsons in the car when 45 called, one wife, one mother; he spoke to the former.
This is very true.  We had a (white) friend who smoked weed all the time, as he would cigarettes, and drove smoking it too.  Never stopped.  My husband was in a car driven by a young-ish black man and they were pulled over, probably because the car was quite snazzy and searched for weed.  Our black brother-in-law, who's never touched a drug in his life, has on numerous occasions been pulled over by cops.  There is definitely a nasty racial profiling going on.  On the other hand, it is also true, no matter why this happens, that the majority of violent crime, certainly murder, seems to happen in the black community in Toronto.    Like so many issues, this a very complicated one, with no easy answers.
Were she white and directing her vitriole at blacks, she would be fired on the spot.  I believe in equality.
Not a witch hunt, Outsider. We are just throwing out the trash. Your statement that the statues of Confederate leaders commemorate "aspects of their lives" other than their bellicose treason against our nation is nothing short of absurd. Do we put up statues of any Tom, Dick or Harry for "being a nice guy", or for "treating his slaves well"? We do not. Those are monuments to enslavement of black people and the Confederacy whose single "states' rights" issue in contention was the enslavement of those people. Those "heroes" were alone responsible for the deaths of more than a half million Americans.
Those were Europeans.  Are you uneducated Marky M.  The blacks were brought here by Arab black slave traders who invented slavery and the slaves were sold to them by the tribal chiefs for a few trinkets because the chiefs had no respect for tribal lives.  America was not to blame.  Sorry Charlie the Tuna.
Yes, you should stay away from people who are highly logical, fact driven and articulate.  I suspect I don't have to tell you that though.  And I am quite sure you follow those rules too.  He's a black man who actually does his own thinking, he doesn't outsource it to the DNC.
The rubes have very short memories ........... Only 16 years ago, Republicans were boasting about having the first "MBA President"................. and 8 years ago they elected a black guy to clean up the mess.
"The authors were troubled by statistics suggesting that black people are "extraordinarily overrepresented" when it comes police use of lethal force, and noted that the lack of race-based data about these incidents makes its difficult to assess the scope of the problem."  That's from an article in today's G&M on black racism in Canada today. Incredibly the article makes the point that Canada's history with slavery carries forward to this day, with racism ingrained in Canada's institutions to the point that it's 'normal'.
Mr. Dalton, I'm really trying to connect the dots here but may have failed. Please elaborate on how the blackface incident relates to why black people have never had equal protection under the law. My guess is that the latent prejudices harbored by (some if not many or all) white people makes them blind to the insensitivity of donning blackface and blind to the inequality of protection under the law for black people. Am I on the right track here? Is that your train of thought?
Do you mean that you would like to see the data that shows how low-income white students still graduate at higher rates than middle income black and Latino students? If so, I agree, that would be an interesting addition to this article.
First, let's address the "half-white" comment.  As you well know, during the long history of institutional racism in America President Obama, with an Black father and a white mother would have been subjected to full discrimination as a 'Negro'.  Your comment is specious and, as I'm sure intended, rude.  To be sure, minorities, women, and young voters recognized President Obama was their best hope for the future.  You clearly suggest those Black voters supported him ONLY because he was Black.  All studies and pollings have supported that such simply is not true.  Racism is manifested when someone supports or opposes a candidate BASED on his or her race.  There's a big difference.  Indeed, President Obama was elected dispite being Black, not because of being Black. However, the GOP Congressmen and women made up for it by dedicating their efforts to making his Presidency as much a failure as possible.  You can easily link to Mitch McConnell's comments on this topic.
Who will gain? What this article fails to highlight is how the "naturalised" black inclusion is specific to the Guptas and the 80% black owned services requirement is now tailor made for the Gupta owned JIC Mining Services company.
I don't care for the artwork and fake stone that has replaced the original plaster and paint on the walls, but someone else might think it's just what they want. The listed price is just a starting point in most sales. The leaks can be fixed. Waterproof sheeting that is tough and long lasting is widely available. The foundation could be surrounded with buried drains at reasonable cost.  By the way, you can't buy a good house in Lorane for 175 K any more. You also can't conventionally finance a manufactured home in most cases. Black mold is a problem with drywall, OSB and wood framing, but I have never seen it on plaster, and I have seen a lot of leaky old homes with plaster and lath walls. I hope someone buys it to fix, and has a good idea what they are getting into. But who knows, maybe it will be bulldozed and a manufactured home placed on the lot.
Why?  What makes you think it would make a difference to BLM if people are shot by black police officers or white ones?  The point is that police as an institution often appear to be to quick to shoot, especially black men, in the absence of a clear threat.
I don't disagree at all.  I've been quite "vocal" on here (what's the equivalent term when you're writing?) a number of times when I've seen stories about what appear to be unnecessary cop killings.  It's happened several times over the past few years here in Colorado.  I agree that the blacks have a legitimate complaint about what you call "overreach."  But they have a bigger problem in their own communities, and throwing money at it with "donations" isn't going to solve that problem.  The culture needs changing to MLK's goal: content of character.  What they're up against is a welfare system that incentivizes the breakup of families, and breaking the law to get unreported income.  It's logical under this system to not have character; it pays better.
"We have never been treated as equals to white folks. " I assume then, Mr. Dalton, with all the risks inherent, that you are not Caucasian. Consider the possibility that there are some white folks who do strive to treat all people of all races with respect and not yield to any biases or prejudices they may have. Collectively, we still have work to do to make this the rule rather than the exception. I sincerely hope that if you haven't already, you meet some white folks of the kind I describe. I have met black folks who meet this description.
Limit carding to the white/ yellow/ red / brown community.....just not those who are black? That's discrimination.
Every movement in history has its extremists; look into the history of left wing anarchism, there are tens of thousands of violent pioneering acts of extreme violence, look at the FLQ and the Jewish Defence League and the Red Brigades and the Baeder Meinhoff gang to name only a tiny few, not even mentioning the thousands of left wing black and white minor violent groups. The point is, the new game in town ( which of course benefits the growing security establishments) is to take a very few token right wing extremists to hammer the moderate right. There is a civil war going on everywhere and lots of groups are playing games, not only on the street, but in the marketing world and the political world and especially in the intelligence world and here on social media where a lot of people are not who they pretend to be.
So your proof is an opinion piece written by a conservative former Bush speechwriter and a youtube video? Pretty weak Lars. You can try and flip the script all you want, but the facts are what they are and cannot be changed no matter how much you scream "No, YOU'RE the racist." The KKK is a white supremacist organzation founded to promote racial oppression through violence. They have murdered many American citizens in the last century and a half. BLM is a social movement which would like the police to stop shooting unarmed black people, and has murdered no one. The fact that you equate them tells anyone all they will ever need to know about your racist heart.
If you so love this country,do as many of we Immigrants did,simplify it, but No,you would rather make it an issue because you do not accept Canada,you want Canada to conform to your ideals. Multi culturalism is a flawed Socialist experiment. Non White Students are demanding Ethnic studies be only taught by Blacks,but anyone can teach European History or Greek Philosophy,
I Never believed the Polls. The major tip off was that Trump would have 20,000 people at a rally, and Clinton would get 200. Oh, and BTW, I never believed the "Trump will have to win over the Blacks and the Hispanics  in order to win" false narrative. Horse manure - never made any sense, what with Blacks at (approx) 13 % and Hispanics at (approx) 17% of the population.
soooo Gary...I am then reassured that you would also encourage ALL to:   "We all need to speak-up against and to stand-up to the hateful rhetoric and actions of the alt-Left, the Black supremacists and the Black-nationalists. Simply "ignoring" them is to give tacit approval to their actions."  I agree!
I thought my comment might stir a bit... but I was not sure how to tone it down.  The other day I could not help myself when I heard a white chap yelling towards a few black men in an argument at the workplace. Before I knew... I was yelling harder at this white (foreigner) and begged him to respect us as South Africans.   For me it is all about respect. I don't respect you for what you did 100 years ago. I respect you for what you are going to do tomorrow. The moment the ANC and black voters can understand this, our country's problems are something of the past.
The involvement of extremists and the KKK in the reasonable opposition to the removal of statues like Robert E. Lee is very unfortunate.  White supremacy has no place in America, and it indelibly taints legitimate opposition to left causes.  I myself favor the removal of statues that glorify Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson, etc.  They should have been hanged as traitors, and they led a military in a most immoral cause --- the perpetuation of slavery.  At the same time, I understand those who oppose the removal of those statutes.  Much of this divisiveness is ginned up by Black Lives Matter, a racist organization which teaches that the state has built a program of GENOCIDE, and they teach this by using the deaths of two people --- Trevyon Martin and Michael Brown --- as their rallying points.  The racism of the miltia-types os evident and should be opposed.  So should the racism of Black Lives Matter be opposed.  The very name of the organization is an affront to whites..
But Monte, Jubilee involved redistribution to achieve the status quo ante. Given its built-in short term perverse economic incentives, it could easily easily have resulted in a bunch of very wealthy people becoming more wealthy.   We have no idea of how Jubilee was implemented or how it finctioned It is primarily used today as a virtue signaling code for those who want to cut and paste the OT to create an old new covenant. Taken literally, it would make social justice advocates howl. It would lead to economic stagnation and wealth immobility.   No one here is arguing against taxes or a safety net for those at risk for food, shelter or medical needs. And of course it foolish to deny statistical reality, just as it is foolish to presume cause and effect from statistics, which is precisely what the phrase "white privilege" does. And similarly, it would be foolish and racist to use a phrase like "black entitlement" simply because there is a statistical reality underlying that epithet.
ROTFL...define 'large'.  this would require you to check some facts (not the alternative ones) and about the number of  black people in the states, and then calculate what percentage of that number voted for trump.
Like the Alaska Dispatch, most of those involved with the Black Lives Matter organization are radical Marxists. Furthermore, Black Lives Matter is funded by the Hungarian billionaire, George Soros, who was a Hitler Youth that helped roundup Jews during WWII. He pays everyone at BLM at least $15/hr to stir up trouble and create racial tension in the U.S. Of course, ALL LIVES MATTER, and anyone who doesn't think so, is by definition, a racist. According to the USDOJ, Cops kill about 250 black people a year, but kill over 600 whites and hispanics a year, and in 99.9% of those cases, those people posed a genuine threat to the life of the officer, or they wouldn't have been shot. In a nation of 320 million folks, there's always going to be bad people and bad cops. We don't live in Utopia. More people a killed by slipping in their bathtubs than are killed by police officers each year, so this is all much ado about nothing, which is what radical Marxists specialize in.
NUKE the Rothschild-Bauer FORCED occupation of Israel. Talmudic infant killing blood drinking Jews created the Democrat, Socialist, Communist, and Liberal all to destabilise nations. Now we have Jew funded factions like Antifa'g popping up all over America. The Jews primary enemy has become the Moslem! Jews demoralised America over the last 100 years with Satanic Qabalist Hollywood. They RAPE our children. Their music "industry" screams modern slavery. Besides this TRUTH.... Why fight JEW Battles? Whites and Blacks usually get along... The Crypto-Jews ran the transatlantic slave trade. So why are White non-slave owner Americans in 2017 under attack? One answer.... Devious Evil JEWS.  Don't be fooled.... I am a Jewish anti-semite. I like being an anti-semite. When you study Jewish history for 47 years like I have you KNOW damn well who the enemy of humanity is. I am Judeo-Christian. I am on the right side. All blessings be to Jesus Christ and G🕍d!! #AmericaFirst #SimonOfTrentsRevenge
"The opening Sept. 24 of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture is one of those markers of social progress that justifies hope that our better angels will ultimately prevail. "  Abe Lincoln mentioned "the better angels of our nature" in his speech at his first inaugural.  He hoped that civil war could be avoided.  It wasn't.  The sad fact is that some people have ignored their better angels.  Those who say their was no racism until Obama became president are some of the same people who say African-Americans were happy under Jim Crow until "troublemakers" from the north told them they weren't.  This new museum reminds us of a part of American history some people want to forget and pretend never happened.  That is why it is needed.
Don't you just love our Confederate heritage.   It's so wonderful that we should add some new memorials.  First, let's build a bunch of Confederate Veteran Walls like the Vietnam Memorial Walls with the names of all the patriotic Southerners who were guiled into dying for rich planters who built their wealth by enslaving other human beings.   Then erect some monuments show plantation owners whipping slaves, raping their women, and selling children off away from their families.  Then let's show the KKK hanging Blacks for a hundred years and preventing them from voting, owning land, getting an education, or even having a decent job.  We can add burning crosses with eternal flames.  Next, we'd want statues to memorialize Orval Faubus and that hateful white woman who tormented the Little Rock Eight in 1956, as well as George Wallace, and don't forget the KKK members who killed the three civil rights workers in Mississippi in 1964.
The author of this story might want to reconsider the use of the term "Inequity." The definition of the term is "lack of fairness : unfair treatment." The fact that more blacks die by gunshot than other races is not due to a lack of fairness. It is because they get shot by other blacks. Sorry DP, but this attempt to stir up the race conflict flunks the smell test. The reasons for the slaughter among young blacks, especially young men is a culture that glorifies violence, machismo and gangs, while discouraging cooperation with law enforcement to catch murderers. The inequity here is that the rest of society bears the burden of apprehending, prosecuting and imprisoning the killers.
Why do these highly paid (millions of dollars) revered players (with huge influence) not protest the murder of about 6000 Black people a year every year (including the past 8 years of Obama rule) as well or more vigorously. Most of the murders happen in high crime areas of Dem controlled cities and actually Trump is the only person who brought it up during the elections as an issue, which was immediately ignored by the MSM and ruling elites. I do not think it unfair to label these kneeling players Uncle Tom's, doing the bidding of a White elite and knocking the hated Trump while ignoring the huge, Elephant in the Country, of thousands of Black people being murdered through corruption and bad to none existing policing in the high crime areas ruled by the Dems.
And the near genocide of American Indians, black slavery, the atomic bomb on innocent people, nice try sweeney.....humanity is depraved and it isn't specific to any culture/race.
I won't engage in this debate endlessly, but I'll offer this one retort:  The likelihood of violence between police and citizens may be related to the level of violent crime in a given neighborhood.  It may also be related to whether the person the police are interacting with is acting violently. For this reason, you cannot say that race is the determining factor in those statistics.    Therefore your evidence is weak.      You refer to policing as a "type of danger" to black men, but perhaps black men also benefit from police putting themselves in danger to reduce crime and increase safety.
BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-hahahaha!  Once again Sydney Poitier's admonishment that "ASSUME" just makes an A$$ of U, not ME, is proved correct.  I'm not black.  Everyone else in my immediate family--wife, kids, grandchildren--is (to some degree or another), but I'm not.  When ADN does a print version of one of my articles, they post my photo in the by-line.  Get hold of the most recent one (10/21/16) if you can and verify this for yourself.  So feel free to point that 'ignorance finger' right back at your own "wannabe be Pocahontas" mug, sonny.  And don't call me 'boy'.  I'm 62.  How old are you, Marky-Mark?
Ted, this doesn't even qualify as sophistry... It's a nonsensical argument.  The black athletes are deliberately showing disrespect to the Flag , Country and Anthem... Taking a knee WHILE THE ANTHEM IS PLAYING is showing disrespect to everyone who fought for America's cherished freedoms. I feel INSULTED watching these overpaid, mega millionaire INGRATES protesting against a country that has given them the "RIGHT" to achieve so much. As for "How can I help"? Here's an idea... How about just 50% of these overpaid mega-millionaire INGRATES move from their mansions in their WHITE communities...and into a black community and spend their vast wealth among their own people. Just think of the PROSPERITY they could create doing THAT. Will it ever happen? NEVER... We both know that, don't we Teddy.
Rick: It's a problem for the same reason why these other civil rights issues are a problem.  Suppose a black guy sees an ad in the paper to rent a room in someone's house.  He goes there but gets turned away because he's black.  In your words: What's the problem?  Why can't he just go to a different place to rent a room?  Suppose a woman finds out she's pregnant and goes to a hospital for an abortion, but they won't do it for her because it's a Catholic hospital and its religion says abortion is a sin.  In your words: What's the problem?  Why can't she just go to a different hospital?  Suppose a bakery makes wedding cakes, and a homosexual wants a cake decorated to show two men getting married?  The baker refuses, saying homosexual marriage is against his religion.  In your words: What's the problem?  Why can't he just go to a different bakery?    All 3 examples have really happened and resulted in lawsuits.  I'll bet you have no problem understanding what's the problem in those cases.
Description of suspect: 5 feet 5 inches to 5 feet 9 inches tall and 190 to 200 pounds. He was wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap at the time of the robbery.  LOL !!! Was he White, Black, Oriental, Polynesian, Vulcan ???
"All" is not completely honest. "All so far" would be. But since the SCOTUS has agreed to hear the case, how a potential 5-4 vote might go is unknown.  - Besides, the issue is simple: He didn't refuse to serve a customer because the customer was gay, a neo-Nazi, Hillary Clinton, or a police officer (as some personnel at some restaurants have done).  - He simply refused to use his artistic talents to create a piece of "edible art work" that was offensive to him. In this case it was a "gay wedding cake" but even Hypocritical Liberals would admit he would be right to refuse to decorate a "black man being lynched" for a racist or a swastika cake foe a neo-Nazi......because the issue is not the "customer" but the issue is the "art work" being created.   - So the hypocrites are the liberals....who will gladly defend his right to decline to decorate cakes they find offensive, but will curse him for declining to decorate cakes they don't.
When are you going to take Barkley's advice and stop caring about the statues? Ignoring them also means stop having (and enabling and defending) neo-Nazi rallies protesting the removal of the monuments to the white supremacist Confederacy.   If you truly ignored them, you wouldn't care a whit if they were removed. But you do care if those celebrations of inter-generational race-based anti-black slavery and racism are removed.  As usual, your prescription for others is medicine you won't take yourself.
He's all mixed up because of the mental gymnastics he puts himself through believing everyone (now even black people) are in some fictional militia.  Even though slaves were never in the militias.  Armed and ready to take down the US.
Wait a minute...he was shot by a black police officer? What are they protesting? Themselves?
So...the Brits are smarter (id est, able to learn) than Americans?  ;-}  In this context, I guess that is black humour.
"Those claiming that police unfairly brutalize black people offer very little evidence to back it up, other than a few isolated cases about which the reporting is often distorted." . "Very little evidence" "A few isolated cases" . Really? . In 2016, at least 963 people were killed by the police in the U.S. In 2015, it was 995. At least 94 were unarmed. . We had years of testimony into the Robert Dziekanski case.  It was a disgrace. . In Toronto, 9 bullets were pumped into a troubled youth who was completely contained in an empty streetcar.  . An Australian visitor who called US police for help ends up being killed by one of them in mere seconds. . In Oklahoma this week, they shot and killed a deaf man. . Was every last one of those killings a justified homicide? Was there not a single mistake? Why are no police officers ever convicted in these cases? Why do hardly ever any even stand trial? . Why is it that police in other countries don't find the need to kill so many people?
Bill:  "There are no official monuments to the Black Panther Party in Oakland. This is despite the fact that  the influential political group was formed in the city fifty years ago this month. The Party’s lack of public recognition is a testament to its fraught history. Today, former Panthers are honored as icons of Bay Area activism. But that doesn’t change the historical reality: At the time of the movement’s formation, many Americans considered the Panthers public enemy No 1."  from https://www.eastbayexpress.com/oakland/the-oakland...black-panther.../Content?..  Gary Crum
I have no problem with Wright or Phlager, who the Cardinal high values. Both speak with revolutionary consciousness. I really was asking, however, if Wright joined many in the Black Church, like Creflo Dollar, in the money thing.
Hey lol no I'm no lawyer. Didn't think I needed to be. It's simple did you enter through legal means yes then you're fine. Did you enter through illegal means no, then leave. Not sure why it has to be so difficult. Don't get me wrong they are humans but that's not the argument. Are they admissible to the terms set out by the US government to be american citizens and enjoy the rights that american citizens are awarded. It is that black and white.  I'm not a legal UScitizens hence I don't get US rights. US citizens are not Canadian thus they have no Canadian rights. It's not a discussion of basic human rights here. It's simple citizenship rights and nothing more.  And yes I think  the world would run itself vastly more efficiently with black and white terms instead of lawyer double speak.
Weeding out those whose practices and ideas are inimical to widely-held and generally-accepted principles is, at first blush, a no-brainer.  However, the problem arises as to what constitutes "generally-accepted", especially as what is "generally-accepted" changes over time.  At one time, it was "generally-accepted" that women and blacks were inferior, and that homosexuals were undesirable deviants.  But those views have changed over time.  So what do we do if we accept people whose mores fit current standards of political correctness, but continue to retain those views when they fall out of general favour?  Deport them?  Do we exclude men (as was done with Syrian refugees) because we believe they are more likely to be violent  (despite subsequent events showing that women too can be suicide bombers)?  And do we really want to ensure such a degree of homogeneity of thought that different beliefs and ideas are excluded just because they are different?
Hilary Clinton is not an example of what misogyny does to women.  It is insulting to women of the world to refer to this woman. She's more than just a liar and corrupt.  The real reason for her private email was to hide the relationship of 10's of millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia to the Clinton foundation being spent on regime change in Syria and support the Saudi's to bomb Yemen into the stone age.  She has taken millions from the Russians who bought 25% of US uranium.  This is treason!  Bill and Hilary have put more blacks in jail since their Crime Act, exported more white middle class jobs with NAFTA and Hilary according to Robert Steele, CIA activist/whistleblower is the single most criminal person in the US govt since LBJ.  Stanford Uni has documented that Hilary used electronic voting fraud to steal Bernie Sanders nomination.  She is currently under investigation for not only crime but serial murders and paedophilia. Address women's issues but this criminal is on her own.
Because most have hispanic last names, you assume they are illegal? Some may have families here longer than yours. And the black guy, where do we send him, to Denver?
Constant protest. You are likely very young. Think back through the history of the United States you will recall many times when people took to the streets. They use to chant "HEY, HEY LBJ how many kids you kill today." Protesting and the first amendment is what makes this country great. There is a difference between standing up for equality and standing up for Supremacy. The BLM movement came about after we witnessed police brutality. Young Black men losing their lives because of our police. A young cop stood in court just yesterday apologizing to his victim whom he shot and servery wounded while at a traffic stop. The man was reaching for his wallet as directed by the officer but shot him without warning. Racism is apparent throughout this country and these White nationalist, KKK members, and Nazis are being lifted up by this administration. I do not agree with the Antifa crowd. Remember the Women's March where millions peacefully marched. The Women's March was the left.
Lot of assumptions being made. Ice cream is as bad for the health and environment as tobacco. Just because its style is low-rent, loud grunge doesn't mean that The Know is any less superficial, bad for people and planet, gentrifying consumerism.   The black and Hispanic communities and their establishments on Alberta predated The Know, and the corporations that serve you your tobacco and animal food love you.
Continued....  I was called a "Racist Cop Who Just Wants to Kill Civilians" on Facebook by a BLM supporter who knew nothing more about me than that I was white and a cop.  We were discussing Eric Garner being "choked to death" by police, and I was asserting that he was passively and then actively resisting arrest (after a 20 year history of violently resisting) and that you cannot choke somebody to fdeath when your hands are only on their neck for 12 seconds.  1) I grew up in Baltimore in an all black neighborhood _ I never heard the "N-word" until I was a teenager.  All my childhood friends were black. 2) I was "bodyguard" to my black pastor at a very racially integrated church for 10 years. 3) I teach the Concealed Carry course to civilians to obtain the CCW permit.   I saw the rise of cops being killed (of all races) solely because they belonged to the "blue race".  It has certainly continued with Trump, although now it has swung back the other way.
Are you sure that your success wasn't just a version of unequal opportunity based on your race instead of on merit?  That you "got just for showing up" black?  I think it is called "affirmative action".      It was invented in this country as a public policy to offset while male privilege as I recall.  It is called  "positive discrimination" in the UK.   "Affirmative action developed during the four decades following the decision in brown v. board of education, 347 U.S. 483, 74 S. Ct. 686, 98 L. Ed. 873 (1954)."
Because we think - and have reason to - that the leadership of the "lovers" are a)powerful and b) want to return the whole church to the rigidity of patriarchal absolutism, thus ridding it of me and some others.  If we are doing a disservice to the true lovers let us point to the prime culprits. I will watch "The Maltese Falcon" anytime without fear of a movement to go back to all black and white with poor sound.
Say, isn’t there some sort of a rule about judges ruling on issues about which they are personally invested? We see him caring enough about the Refugee issue that he is ‘active in representing the disadvantaged…refugees’. Is that what ‘dispassionate’ looks like? ‘You don’t suppose he WANTED to be a judicial activist… do you?  Robart's statement's- blatantly biased: “According to FBI statistics, police shootings resulting in deaths involve 41 percent black people despite being only 20 percent of the population living in those cities. Forty-one percent of the casualties, 20 percent of the population. Black lives matter.”   “The importance, to me, of this issue is best demonstrated by the news, which was much reported again today,” Robart said with emotion. Robart appears to have taken his sympathy with refugees to the next level by halting Trump’s migration executive order.   "The opinion of this so called judge takes law enforcement away from our country"  above gleaned from articles
This narrative is getting so old and boring.  Do you want the authorities to stop suspecting that black people commit a disproportionate amount of crime and therefore base their crime-fighting efforts on that premise?  Well here is a suggestion.  Stop committing a disproportionate amount of the crime.  Especially 100% of the gun killings.   Someone had to say it.
We used to take a couple of days on these incidents to catch our breath, and then probe for solutions later.  But now there's no time to catch your breath, and the next one comes along. And the entire situation is beyond ridiculous.  It's not even worth arguing or talking about solutions.  Black humour and derision is the only coping strategy left.
lfs:  As I've said repeatedly, let's all work for preferenial balloting.  That would be the greatest boost to third party and independent candidates.  And, yes, let's get together for that conversation (and a discussion of the tenets of Libertarianism) after the election. I think we all "want to make a difference."  IMO, opposing the election of Donald J. Trump was one way to do so.    regards, Gary  BTW:   "Let's get a grip. Exactly who will organize, lead, and fund the insurrection? Folks like you are now creating your own version of UN backed, black uniformed, black helicopter boogey-men/women" Just to be real clear.  Read your statement...I think that the phrase "Folks like you" makes it rather clear that you're suggesting that I need to "get a grip."   Compares to a police officer, teacher or whoever telling a person "let's settle down"..."we need to calm down"  etc.    You're not actually suggesting that "we all need to get a grip."  big difference
There are multiple black organizations that want a black nation.  Would you have the same vitriol for them?  I choose to ignore them.  These groups are no real threat.  If they become a threat the authorities can deal with it.  Vigilante justice isn't appropriate just because you sympathize with it.   Tolerance isn't just accepting people you agree with or feel sorry for.
Why isn't the work going to a black owned company ? The ANC keep complaining that whites control the economy.
Nothing racist about my comment. I'm African American and carson embarrasses me.
Wow, stats are being thrown around on "mass shootings" and they include the ghetto shootings in chicago, detroit and other liberal controlled black neighborhoods.  Yet, "you people" (if I can use that phrase) on the left are absolutely silent on those shootings that occur weekly!! ALL of these shooters, regardless of color, race, creed, etc. BREAK THE LAW.  A LOT of these shootings occur in the areas with the strictest gun control "laws."  Yet current "laws" aren't strenuously enforced, and I don't hear the same rabid rants from the left when it's weekly shooting in chicago, or detroit, or baltimore, etc.!  Do some homework, you'll find that the NRA was the FIRST civil rights organization, and I also refer you to the NRA and the Deacons for Defense and Justice, back when black leaders actually CARED about their people. You seem not to know about the NRA past. It's about Constitutionally protected RIGHTS. Is there a "black" American culture of gun violence?
I believe that you are way too judgemental with your thoughts. Why are you saying that the Penguins have their head in the sand? Is it because you believe they must make a political statement. White privilege, black privilege, the penguins have black hockey players on the team.   Going to the whitehouse is not about politics for most. It’s about history and going to place where famous American presidents have resided and history. Whether you are American, Canadian, German, Slovak, Swedish, some just don’t care about American politics. If people in general want to stand for the Amthem, maybe because their grandfather or any family member gave their lives in the first, second, or any war and they pay their respects, your thoughts are, get your head out of the sand. Hockey players are from all over the world. I guess everyone that visits the whitehouse, athlete or not, or that doesn’t care about politics or making a statement is white privileged or have become a ostrich.
Perhaps it is because I am older and have lived in many places, witnessed the legacy of four centuries of slavery, had worked to end segregation and experienced the violence and hatred of racism. Perhaps Gerald you are just naive or ignorant, but make no mistake, your words are evidence of the nascent racism that persists in this country. The black soldiers that built the Alaska Highway were given that job for no other reason than they were black. Because it was understood at the time that manual labor was all they were good or capable of. To honor them is to recognize their service and sacrifice yes, but to also recognize our legacy of racism then and now, not only toward African Americans, but Native Americans, Asian Americans, et.al,. This is something that hopefully we can pause and reflect on and look at ourselves and see if we can be a better people.
Hate speech proscriptions "protect the easily offended"? Dang . . . That statement is exactly what racial and gender privilege looks like. Reading this comment makes it easy to understand why people of color sometimes resist, minimize or resent the participation of white liberals in Black Lives Matter movement. Having never been the target of racist hate speech, white folks just don't get it, can't identify with the experience.  Racist, misogynist, homophobic speech doesn't merely "offend" the people it decries; it poses a direct, physical threat to their wellbeing and safety. And it FEELS that way to the targets of such discourse.  Being threatened is not being "easily offended". Geeezus . . .
I'm not sure what your statement means.  Of course there have been improvements in race relations.  The point here is that WN (White Nationalists) want to take us back to the Jim Crow time, when whites never had to be irritated by the presence of a Black, or give them basic human rights.
Speaking of conjecture. Racism is more than mean. Those Confederates being celebrated believed in genocide. Since I don't know - and apparently you DO know what the Hispanic student body has issues with or doesn't at that school - with an average annual median family income of almost $10 g's less than in Denver and then take into account that the average Hispanic median family income is about 10% of the average for whites  - they likely have more important concerns is what I would uhhhh infer. And, **sigh** Yes. You got me! Clearly I hate white people. Anybody who speaks of racism obviously just hates white people - because we're incapable of logic otherwise it's just hate. Any attempt that we make at inference is really just conjecture. Oh...and Manual High School is around 94% non-white and has one of the largest concentration of Black students in all of the state of Colorado.  Seriously, if you're a working class person we're in the same boat anyway...stop already.
Ever been to a chow hall on the slope?  99% rednecks complaining about the blacks and Browns, until a minority walks in then they are quiet.  So are you responsible for the racism in Deadhorse?  Besides, single mom with three kids complaining of child support and father(s) in jail/on parole?  Come on, you know how that reads, unless you are new to this forum
Why did it take until 1965 - more than 100 years after emancipation - for blacks to exercise their right to vote under the 15th Amendment? Racism in the US is multi-generational, and it won't just disappear overnight. Whatever else they did, these confederate "war heros" fought to keep slavery in the south, and memorializing them in this way is to memorialize the institution of slavery.  Just because you personally don't find them offensive isn't the issue in a fair and just democratic society. Your responsibility entails that you view your common man - regardless of skin color - with some degree of empathy and compassion. The alternative is to constantly fight with each other. I know that in my family and relationships, I don't get anywhere by maintaining hurtful sentiments. It takes two to tango, and if White America really wants to get along with Black America, then we need to remove the painful memory of injustice, and find new ways  to restore social harmony.
You're having a hard time following my conclusions because I didn't draw any. I just pointed out that the lyrics reflected the sentiments of the time which were that if the freed blacks died fighting the Yankees, that would be great.   And it isn't irrational for some blacks to take umbrage at our anthem celebrating the death of those who were, in some sense, fighting for the freedom of all slaves.
Rich coming from a morally corrupt, sycophant feeding at his own black elitist trough. So sad, these evil JZ 'team' members that continue to blame everything but their own selfish dishonestly, who support a scandal ridden President, who is so lacking in anything resembling decency and love for SA it's a joke... But the wheel turns!
The Comments leader of the defenders of all things white and pure to smear anyone offering a realistic, decent view.  If he had lived in the 60's, he would have been at the school doors screaming at the black children trying to gain an education.  Probably one of the embedded activists for the FBI and other law enforcement including military intelligence operatives to bring violence to peaceful demonstrations.  One of the Ohio national guardsman murdering Kent State students.  The racist bigots and government haters will never be satisfied until they re-create those halycon days of 1930s Germany and  Italy and the 20th century segregation of the U.S.  If it walks and talks like a bigot, it is a bigot.
Some interesting points made by James, but looking at this from a different angle, can someone provide a breakdown of shareholding on the companies currently listed on the JSE? For example, taking a company such as Anglo American PLC, and analyzing the shareholding in detail, specifically looking for the percentage of "black South African" ownership. Of the current registered shareholders, what percentage is: - foreign owned, no black SA ownership; - local institutional ownership - no % in there either? - ownership by a local company - the locals will call this at zero %; - local nominee-held shares where ownership is not identifiable, so again, call it zero; - shares held by a Trust - by definition a Trust is a juristic person without a racial classification, so 0%; - all other individual shareholders that may be racially classified.  So what % of the shares that are actually available to individual shareholders will have to be held by black South Africans for Anglo to reach targets?
Jesus was a semite (Jews are semites). They tend to be a mix between Caucasian and black (Israel is on the border of Africa). Israel is over 1000 kms from the nearest European country.  And it is pretty certain he wasn't blonde with blue eyes, the way many churches show him.
I agree with your statements of NOBAMA's reactions. Something interesting is happening here! It seemed ok for a Black President to play the Race Card with no oversight via the biased press when in fact he should have been consoling the nation. Roosevelt used the Fireside Chats via radio, later Presidents used TV to speak directly to the American people, other presidents used the Sat. radio venue. The news media is so biased they need to be circumvented!  How? Our computer age today allows it and this could be the answer!  Tweets and other menus are very effective. The President Elect uses it very effectively-whether you agree or not!. Newspapers have been made useless like the buggy whip and the news media is now realizing they are being had--they need to watch out! The President Elect obliviously has mastered this in his own business world. The jury is still out, as to whether this is a good or bad mode for national communication! With presidential oversight it could very will be!
"I thought it was strange when she started talking about being a young black woman at Princeton"#melaniatrump
"[My grandmother is] a typical white person who — if she sees somebody on the street that she doesn't know — there's a reaction that's been bred into our experiences that don't go away, and that sometimes come out in the wrong way, and that's just the nature of race in our society." Senator Barack Obama, 20 March 2008  Similarly, the black riots that happened with regularity during the Obama administration represents the fulfillment of Obama's promises.
The other side of the coin is the systematic suppression of voters in multiple Republican-led states that target blacks, Hispanics, the poor and other traditionally Democratic-leaning demographics.
You are right sylvia, pretty soon being a white male will be like living in Alabama in the 1960s and being black.
What "successes" have they achieved on behalf of the black folks of Toronto?
Maybe he can be the second US Attorney General to be held in Contempt of Congress.    Obama's Attorney General was the First ever to do that!  Attorney General Eric Holder.    During the Fast and Furious investigation, he became the only cabinet member in U.S. history to be held in contempt of Congress over the Justice Department's decision to withhold documents related to Operation Fast and Furious that were subpoenaed by the committee in their investigation of the failed gunwalking operation.  The First Black Attorney General.    The Second Black Attorney General, Loretta Lynch,  wound up meeting with Bill Clinton on an airplane at a California Airport which didn't work out real well for either of them.  Another Obama appointee.
Bye the way, President Obama is considered to be the most divisive President in history because of his penchant for playing groups one against the other, not because he is black.
For me, this man has been the best President of my lifetime.   Change is generational, and I suspect and hope that what he was able to accomplish will translate into inspiration for the next generations. I was born in the middle of the last century, and so have a good sense of how far this country has come. Sure, having a black man in the White House didn't solve racism, but most people would have said, back in 1950, that we would never advance so far as to have a black man in any such office. Or a woman in the President's office, for that matter. Hugh Massengill, Eugene
What's there ever a doubt? Being called a racist today, has little no effect anymore. It has been overused to a point where it has lost all meaning. Wanting a secure border is now considered to be racist. In addition anyone who isn't white can't even join in the discussion because they aren't black and don't understand and yet the black community does nothing more than just blame the whites and anyone else who happens to be convenient at the time. I have worked and socialized around many African Americans in my time and I am here to tell you the there is a big difference between African Americans and what some people consider the N word and it has nothing to do with the color of their skin. I will probably be banned for voicing my opinion but it needed to be said!
That's it? If an identified group, 6% of the population, is responsible for over 50% of the violent crime, they are going to be approached differently. said group should quit committing the bulk of the crimes.(FBI stats) I don't believe we have a police problem, I believe we have a black crime problem. If you are going to identify with a group then do something to solve the problems that group is responsible for. White people get killed by cops too. To pretend that Rice wouldn't have been killed if he was white just stokes the racism that is hurting this country. This "protest" has accomplished nada. seems like they need to come up with a different approach and message. "what do we want? dead cops, when do we want it now" isn't going to gain you much support.
And your point?  Even the existence of ONE person, black or white, who owned a slave would be cause for regret.  The fact that a war was fought, in part to right that wrong, in which countless thousands of lives were lost, is truly regrettable.
Talking point of the day from conservative media: deflect from Nazis and white supremacists to Black Lives Matter!  There's no evidence Micah Xavier Johnson was affiliated with Black Lives Matter. BLM's response to the murders:  "Black activists have raised the call for an end to violence, not an escalation of it. Yesterday’s attack was the result of the actions of a lone gunman. To assign the actions of one person to an entire movement is dangerous and irresponsible. We continue our efforts to bring about a better world for all of us."  http://blacklivesmatter.com/the-black-lives-matter-network-advocates-for-dignity-justice-and-respect/  I'm pretty sure I know who you are. Weren't you booted from NCR last year? Just can't quit 'em can you.
Here you go, Larry Davis, and others who insist that the KKKers were and are Democrats.  Hey, but don't let history get in your way of facts.  And don't forget that Dixiecrat, Strom Thurmond was the Republican's strongest KKK supporter.  He even fathered a black daughter who agreed to keep his paternity secret until after he died.  Better fix yourself a good strong Tequila before you start reading.  Kink, kink:  https://www.splcenter.org/sites/default/files/Ku-Klux-Klan-A-History-of-Racism.pdf
Arkansas won't be ashamed.  They still think the Confederacy was right and blacks weren't worthy of anything more than forced slavery.
Trump said that the way to address terrorism was by killing their loved ones- fighting fire with fire? He must have listened because that is what this one black man did.  Although police have engaged in terrorism against some of the population for a long time and racism has been around for a long time it has been fueled by Trump. Even if he didn't have anything to with inciting racism in our police, he did offer " the solution"  that one man acted upon.
Gary needs to watch the interview of Dr.Alveda King and her comments concerning her discussions with Coretta King about Sessions and also her views concerning Warren. I will give the angry black women more credibility than the white women that lied about being a Native American.  Coretta King had a much different view of Sessions in her later life then when the letter was written.  Warren used an OUTDATED LETTER that no longer honestly portrayed Coretta Kings view of Sessions.  Of course that would not fit the talking points of the left.  It is also why the RG did not report on the interview.  Possibly the knowledge she obtained from getting to know Sessions was the reason for the change of her opinion. Free speech is great.  Not reporting relevant speech is also free speech, just filtered a little to limit relevant knowledge.
My goodness, I would have written the same thing about the right wing -death party Republicans! Health care, good schools,  reasonable gun legislation, no discrimination against blacks and LGBT, transfer of wealth to the 1%, doesn't sound the the Republican agenda to me, sounds more like the Democrat's agenda!
"“I was astonished that you blamed black people for poor health and poverty because of all the chicken and barbecue they eat.”" Intelligent politicians ought to be able to answer that in their sleep. I can't believe Sen. Marble hasn't heard that before. She should have had a 30-second canned response ready to replay.
India has a beautiful culture of universal love and spiritual development. Canada has object driven love and narcissism.  Unfortunately globalization has ruined India with pollution and mass greed. When this Indian man has children and family has children he problem will be even worse for them, perhaps taking up rap or hip-hop culture and turning to violence and black lives matter radicalism. \ Watch "Canada has no core identity" by Black Pigeon.
White Swiss monopoly capital has bought Gupta mine, a disgrace. At that price I'm sure black owned companies would bid and fight each other to buy this cheap gem. But first you have to believe that Gupta family still don't own all mine assets still.
What a crock of pooh. Canada's predominantly made up of people from European descent (aka white). Does the same type of stuff happen in other countries? Does Uganda have "Black privilege" classes for their kids? Does China have "Beige Privilege"? Of course not.
Did you watch her speech? She is not a politician, just a very amazing human. Smart, black and female...little d's worst nightmare. Oh and moral, hardworking, well spoken, articulate, mom, caring, thoughtful....
Ruth Hall quoted by Greg Nicolson: that white farmers fear entry of black commercial farmers “into this space”. Really? With 90% of black run farms failing, what is there to fear? Both Ruth Hall and Greg Nicolson display some astounding ignorance in this context. And the taunts that white farmers fear expiration without compensation? Wait till your businesses assets are threatened with expropriation without compensation and then let’s see how commentators (like Ruth Hall) feel? Not that she runs a for-profit enterprise. As for Greg Nicolson who is ultimately funded by the Oppenheimer family, good luck when the sentiments presented here start to undermine your employers’ actual business interests.
Your perception is selective.  What President Trump has continually said is that he is for FREE SPEACH, no matter if you like what the person is saying or not. Just because you don't like racial supremacists, which he has continually denounced, doesn't mean President Trump is one himself when he stands for their right to speak and have assembly under our U.S. Constitution, that he has sworn to uphold. Hear in lies the breakdown of your false accusations. As for your jobs attack apparently you do not read, as black employment is way up in the inner cities  since President Trump came to office. http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/17/black-employment-up-up-up-under-trump/
It must be really tough when all you want to write is "black people are responsible for all the crime in Anchorage" but the "Civil Comments" won't let you post it unless you use coded racist language. Then it's cool.
"Haole" is a derogatory noun, because that is the typical context in which it is used. As far as being a "contraction" of ha and ole, your description is vague. There is, that I know of, no word on Hawaiian spelled 'ha'ole' which would include the consonant 'okina, which is not a contraction. The word 'haole' is a combination of 'ha' meaning "breath", and 'ole' which is "without". Therefore, the term for Caucasians is a word meaning without breath, which equates in context to "without aloha".   For this reason Dave expounded on your mention of context with the fact that the context is commonly properly understood as "[f'in] haole" when used. The word "haole" is not akin to "black", it is akin to "nigger". Yes, I used it. But there's not really another way around this problem. Now go use it in SCLA.
Statistics prove you wrong.  Again and again.  Year after year.  White men committed Columbine, Sandy Hook, Aurora Theater, and the Charleston church massacre.  All were tragedies.  All told, 60 innocent people were killed by the criminals.    Over 60 people are killed every month in Chicago alone.  The majority of them are killed by black gang members.  That is one city, over one month.  In the 18 years since Columbine, that average would produce over 13,000 murders for Chiacgo alone.  That number does not include murders in Detroit, Baltimore, NYC, or any other city.  As the FBI keeps statistics, it's easy to see that black men, while being only 7% of the population, are responsible for over 50% of the violent crimes in this country.  Why wouldn't "whites bring race into the discussion?"  Everyone should.  The question is, why aren't you acknowledging the truth?  Why are you trying to divert attention from the actual problem?  While I have my ideas, I'd love to hear your answers.
Was the person killed by police white, black, brown, or something else? Isn't that the determining factor in the court of public opinion when deciding the justification of police shootings? Or are they all bad now. I can't keep up.
Maybe the cops should all just hand in their badges and quit. Let these feral bandits prey on each other, and let all the pampered, effete white liberals fend for themselves.  PS I wonder:  Did the Globe report on the kidnapping and torture of the disabled Trump supporter by the four young black people? If not, does that mean that the story is fake news?
Asians don't rebel against arbitrary authority, while blacks have enough bad history to have to do so to survive, at least from their POV. White American, or at least Trump's America, validates those perceptions.
I would fully support "This Land is your Land."   The larger point, which I didn't think that I needed to explain, is that the SSB is indeed a fair and accurate symbol of the US in that it too was created by a male white racist slave owner who waxed on about freedom, freedom that was only for fellow white property owners.  Defining peaceful, silent, protest against racial injustice during the anthem as "disrespect" for the anthem and by extension the very country itself is the height of irony when the country and the anthem are defined by racism.  True patriotism is fighting to push the country toward the ideals we set for ourselves and demanding that all citizens can live in the "land of the free."   Unquestioning, blind allegiance is NOT patriotism and does nothing to make our country great. It is nothing more than forced Nationalism, which does not allow for dissent and persecutes protest. It is anathema to our ideals and the antithesis to freedom.
Because both black people in Colorado might protest? Um, no.
Dear Minister Robocop, you have misquoted Martin Luther King’s words and added your own to them.  In a speech at Manchester University in February, 1968, Martin Luther King said:   “It didn’t cost a penny to deal with lunch counters and integrate lunch counters.  It didn’t cost the nation one penny to guarantee the right to vote. Now the nation is faced with the fact that if it is to meet the demands of the Negro movement, and if it is to solve the problems of the cities, it must spend billions of dollars to do it.  It is much easier to integrate a lunch counter than it is to eradicate slums.  It is easier to guarantee the right to vote than it is to guarantee jobs that guarantee an annual minimum income.”  There's not a single mention of "radical redistribution of economic power". That is a ridiculous fabrication.
Rome wasn't built in a day, and neither were the problems with pot. They won't be solved in one day, either. . People can buy cheap black market cigarettes, too, yet the majority of smokers buy from normal stores, at higher prices, nonetheless, and we don't have black market cigarette dealers staking out school yards. . Lots of people will prefer to buy legal, regulated product from authorized distribution outlets.  They may not want the hassle and uncertainty of buying on the black market.  We have already seen that with alcohol (for 80 years), and with cigarettes.  Why should pot be so different? . Start with a few stores, and then ramp up. If there is huge demand, then they can open more stores. It will be a learning experience. . Lets try the MCBO, and see where we are in five years.
I worked at Cabela's for awhile.   We called Friday night "Tweaker Night."   Most of our regular customers were over the river and through the woods by Friday night, so we who worked there spent Friday night battling the shoplifters  that descended on us en masse looking to steal something to sell for weekend party money.   There was the occasional Black, including one obvious pro that we never caught while I was there, a few Natives or Asians, but the vast majority were White, mostly males but some females or often a couple working together, and the majority of them were obvious meth heads.  If someone had a baby carrier in their cart, they could count on our rapt attention.
The topic is black lives, isn't it?
Anyone can appreciate these 2 groups supporting each other.  Gays suffered brutal oppression at the hands of police. Blacks to this day suffer at the hands of police brutality and oppression..  That Pride made the choice to support BLM by banning uniformed police officers from marching, sends a powerful message of solidarity to the bigots, racists and those who abuse their power, or turn a blind eye to it. Cause harm, allow harm, further harm...all morally reprehensible.  If a councilor wants to retaliate for groups joining forces to strengthen their voice to do nothing more then force others to respect their rights and the rule of law, makes this councilor demonstrably unfit to hold office.         Withhold the funding, it's taxpayer dollars and if the taxpayer feels otherwise, council will support Pride.  End of story.     None of these people have the power they think they do, and that's all this is about.  When power is held by the people, rulers & enforcers panic.
It was mostly white men who fought and died in that war (and some blacks)....mainstream liberal sentiment has no time for that generation. So ironic today we are handing the world back to evil doers. the Islamic state must be brought to heel.
I did just address this in a post above, Bill. All that was clear by your behavior yesterday is that you were very angry and your intention was to shut down the protest.    If I somehow missed the part where you were there protesting against all hatred, I would like to know more about your stance. And have asked you to explain more in a comment above. I hope you do.    I vehemently disagree with you that organizations like the NAACP or the black lives matter movement are racist or perpetuating hate speech.   And I do not believe in anyway that those groups beling in the same breath used to mention the KKK.   The KKK is fueled by hatred and superiority. The BLM movement are humans fighting for their right to survive and be treated equally.
Are police biased or responding to their experience? If police were regularly encountering old white women who were regularly engaging in violent, criminal behaviour, the police would probably respond to them in the same way they respond to young black males. It isn't bias, it is experience. Instead of blacks always pointing the finger at others and excusing their own behaviour, perhaps they should take a good long look at themselves.
Chicago is a mess.  Trash, traffic, crime, job loss, even tens of thousands of African Americans have fled because of violent crime. Chicago is financially dragging the entire state down. Chicago can't pay its bills and yet wants more ILLEGALS when Chicago can't take care of its own legal CITIZENS. Yep...That's a DEMOCRAT controlled and run city.
Yah.  Black Lives Matter.
The future of the Democratic Party lies not in the old guard. They have been giving us the status quo for so long that they lost against the most beatable candidate in modern times. The party engineered Hillary's ascension to the throne and lost their collective shirts in doing so. Bernie could have beat Trump easily; Joe Biden could have beat Trump easily. The point is, candidates like Tulsi (if not Tulsi) are the future. The future is in progressive politics, not what the Democratic Party has been handing out. Obama set the stage for Trump. Yes, partly by just being black, but mainly by being to timid and weak....yes, weak. The torch needs to be passed.
You're right to point out that people of color are victimized by crime more than white people and that I have a privileged perspective.  I'd love to hear your perspective—if you grew up in the Numbers and want to write a post about what we got wrong, I'd be into that.  I'm all about facilitating dialogue on these issues. I edited both Tyler's Burnside 26 piece and Carye Bye's cover story about being an artist who is priced out and who doesn't like New Portland.  But I am not going to agree with you that Tyler's running in a bad neighborhood post was racist because I took the opposite point from it. I agree he should have chosen his language in the opening section more carefully to better convey his ultimate point. But it's also a personal blog post from five years ago.
“black” people (because identifying someone using a colour is just so enlightened)  Canada is the only country in the world that calls them 'visible minorities' , to the objection  of the UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.  You have what is acceptable completely backwards.
What I see is a huge lack of communication taking place. The kneeler's message about police brutality against the Black community has been distorted to be anti-flag/anti-American/anti-military.   The average sports fan doesn't want politics thrown into his face and the sports franchises will suffer if they appear to support one side over another.
It is on the occasions like this, when someone says something controversial, that our right to freedom of speech is important. She has a right to express her view on this. In the spirit of free expression, I would like to say a couple of controversial things. I know nothing about this woman other than what is in this article. So maybe she is a mathematical genius, or an amazing athlete and had a well earned scholarship to Princeton. Probably not. Most black women in her position have already benefited from myriads of government programs and preferential treatment. Our tax dollars provide minority families lifetime economic assistance, free lunches and breakfasts, daycare, educational assistance, scholarships, and affirmative action from cradle to grave. I hope none of you were expecting a thank you. No, she just wants you to get the heck out of the way. This increasing hostility and open racism is becoming more acceptable every day.
Insight this one Incite. More striking are the victim statistics: over 75% of sexual assault victims were white women, compared to 20% for black women and 3% for other races. Further, when the government examined the rate in which sexual assault victims are killed, the report concluded that "compared to all murder victims, those who died as a consequence of a sexual assault were substantially more likely to be female and white". This coupled with the aforementioned paragraph indicate that if a white male is the rapist, the victim is statistically more likely to be white and killed during the crime.
I've been stopped once or twice. I get my window down and I keep my hands on the wheel. I can't imagine telling a cop that I am carrying unless I absolutely had to. I have no idea what led to the shooting. I have no idea what's it's like to be black and have the word "gun" mentioned during a traffic stop.....
There was a freshman coach.  Most players were on scholarship, and were acknowledged with lettering all four years.  These years back then were really HORRIBLE years for Iowa football.  Our teams were not very good, very poor records, many coaching changes.  I compare it to the 1970-1980+ years of Oregon football.   At this time in the Midwest there was the Huge Black Movement going on, a lot  of societal and sports turmoil.     Many black players protested and I am trying to remember I think 12-14 players were kicked off the team but told they could  come back the following year for reinstatement if team players approved.  DARK  years for sure, I  played, put my time in, but I will tell you or anyone that I am NOT a proud Alumni because of what went on there at that time and also what went on  behind closed doors.  This was a major reason why I moved out of the state.   Take it for what  it is................Game Over........
IRT kumasachi  Won't happen.  She's black.  They are privileged.
I have family from western PA.  They are good people but somewhat racist.    I've wondered about people who brag about their ancestors fighting against slavery but don't want black people around their neighborhoods.   The unfortunate thing about confederate flags is that they have come to symbolize racism.    People have always glorified battle. There are old museums in the south full of confederate flags and battle scenes and cannons on the lawn.  When I lived in the south as a kid they seemed like cool places. Sometimes bravery doesn't know right and wrong. Its a charge into guns for what you believe is right at the time.  Now the confederate flag has been used almost like a swastika. You'll find some skin head in Washington state with it on his truck.  Even among academics our views of the past are colored by our present.
I don't see it as double talk.  An event is not the same as a person.  It's not discrimination, in my opinion.  Once again, I don't care about the bible.  I'm just talking about personal rights.  I can serve blacks or whites, but I don't have to serve a Black Lives Matter or White Supremacy event.  I can serve same-sex couples, but I don't have to serve a same-sex wedding.  Race and Sexual Orientation are not choices, but holding an event IS a choice.  Personally, I support same-sex marriage; it's the precedent that I'm worried about.  Enforcing the law is one thing, but I see this as essentially saying that people have to agree with the law and put their personal stamp on it.  I have to obey the law, but I don't have to write on a cake that I Like the law.  You see me as some kind of enemy in this, but I'm really not.  We just have fundamentally different views of the difference between discrimination and thought control.
I don't believe the question was are there brown and black people in our churches but do they play an equal role in liturgy and ministry and have same and equal influence in our parishes.  The fact that in the U.S. our permanent deacons are still only around 25 % latino and the amounts of both Asian and Black permanent deacons put together in the U.S. is about 7% and the rest are all Caucasian is some indication there is real racism present when it comes to playing important roles in our parishes.  Mind you this is a recent improvement from the almost 90% Caucasian deaconate only 10 years ago in the U.S.  Considering the large amounts of both Hispanic and Asian Catholics we have in this country - this is an indicator of some racism.
You are forgetting the elephant in the room, which is that Hillary Clinton is a woman.  In 45 elections, the United States has never bee elected a woman for President.  And lower education men whether white, black or Latino did not strongly support having a woman in charge.
Walter:  I'm sure you deny feeling "white man's guilt" for the "sins of our fathers."  However, you're very high-profile in promoting "Democrats' guilt" for the "sins of Democrats from 60 to 150 years ago.  I trust you recognize the hypocrisy of such a position.  "The ugly history of racism and slavery in the Democratic Party is the stink of death," Walter, you reach a new level of hyperbole.  The racist history of our nation, of the Democratic Party, of politicians, of slave-owners, of the KKK, of the millions of Americans, who over the 250 plus years of our nation, have mistreated people of color.....blacks, Native Americans, Mexicans, and immigrants of all sorts, is truly disgusting.......but, it is part of our history, and we need to acknowledge it, learn from it, and see that we, today, do not repeat it.  I do NOT carry "white man's guilt". I do NOT carry "Democrats' guilt."  I am responsible for MY actions and for working for genuine equality today.  I'll do that.  Gary Crum
there was a time when you would have been correct charles but in this day and age it's black racism we seem to be suffering from
We can no longer look away. Fact. FBI data, 4,906 blacks murdered other blacks in 2010 and 2011. That is 1,460 more blacks killed by other blacks in two years than were lynched from 1882 to 1968 - Tuskegee Institute. Fact. In 2012, white males 38 percent of the population committed 4,582 murders. That same year, black males were just 6.6 percent of the population but committed 5,531 murders. Fact. There have been almost as many deaths in Chicago as there have been in the two major wars this century. Chicago’s death toll from 2001–November, 26 2015 stands at 7,401. The combined total deaths from Iraq 4,815 and Afghanistan 3,506, total 8,321.  University of Toledo criminologist Dr. R. Johnson examined the latest crime data from the FBI’s Supplementary Homicide Reports and Centers for Disease Control and found that an average of 4,472 black men were killed by other black men annually between Jan. 1, 2009, and Dec. 31, 2012. If a "community" ever needed a Leader it is NOW!
"Discernment must help to find possible ways of responding to God and growing in the midst of limits," stated Francis. "By thinking that everything is black and white, we sometimes close off the way of grace and of growth, and discourage paths of sanctification which give glory to God."  The Pope is saying, "Think like Christ and not like a pharisee."
Unfortunately you are 100% right. A middle class, white South African like me has very little grasp of what motivates the voting patterns of poor black people. Historical loyalty to the ANC, loyalty to traditional leaders that direct votes or fear that the already meager social grants will disappear all probably play a role. Corruption has little direct impact for poor South Africans - although the longer term impact is unquestionably significant. I find it hard to see what will lead to a change.
Hawaiian Natives and blacks are far more genetically susceptible than area whites.  Broad sprectrum antibiotics aren't going to cure this disease. The only treatment of which I'm aware is Amphoteracin B. It is extremely difficult to tolerate. The problem can be resolved if Hawai'i drops its prison population to manageable levels and brings all the inmates home.
It isn't "just a weed".  It is a mind-altering narcotic.  Therefore it should in no way be completely unregulated.  But you are likely right that the black market will continue to thrive.  Every jurisdiction that has legalized it has seen zero reduction in black market sales.  It's because of this that there is no point in legalizing it at all.
Old Bannister writes:  "a bear in the city is a death foretold"  --  No.  Number of humans killed by black bears in all of North America, between 1900 and 2011:   63.  92% of those were by male bears.  This bear was a female.  The odds of someone having been killed by this bear are too small to measure.  .
Yes, this lawsuit is appropriate and appears to accurately call out the rush to judgment sans due process that the young men were subjected to.  The reality of bias against males (especially black males) does have to be confronted.  The lack of due process does need to be examined.  If those at UO who hold power abused it, they should pay.
Disagree.  All 3 branches are in disarray with the confirmation of Gorsuch, a White Supremacist, Christian ideologue, continuing the anti-human rights, traitorous decisions by the Scalia Gang of Five.  They are the greatest threat to human rights since the Christian Discovery and segregation courts' decisions of the 19th century continued the Native American genocide and deny of civil rights for the same and all Black Americans on into major portion of the 20th century.  This latest incarnation of Republican evil demands a return to those halycon days of robber baron rule, indentured servitude, environmental destruction, and equally genocide of all wildlife.  The criminally corrupt occupiers of all branches must be removed before another century of evil rule plagues the nation and the world.  Time for a Revolution.
I'm still laughing at STO's "white privilege" comment. The poorest of the poor  in America, white and black  are 100 times more privileged than 2/3 of the rest of the  world.  In America, there is so much food, most of us have to watch our waist,    whereas in many parts of Africa, there's so little food all they do is watch their babies waste!   Be thankful for your "privilege", white or black. You've never had things so good. Spoiled comes to mind even.
