The sexual mores of the ancient Middle East developed in response, not to divine revelation, but to the disease and social instability that resulted over time from promiscuity of all varieties, which prompted people to conclude that God was sanctioning them for their "sinful ways" and to portray their ancient beliefs as revelation. My guess is that transgender people are, if anything, less promiscuous than the general population, including clergy.
I wonder if it is wise for the movement for respect and equal rights for LGBTQ folks to hitch that wagon so strongly to the idea of "created to be." While this undoubtedly matches some people's experience, there are also cases of others whose eventual pairing and, yes, marriage, has depended on who they fell in love with. It seems that the falling in reciprocated love should also be a sufficient basis for respect and equal rights for identities. Love does matter, as it should.
Heller vs D.C. was the first time the SC ruled that the 2nd amendment gives an individual right to keep and bear arms, thanks to the 5 conservatives Republicans on the court that faithfully followed the NRA and Republican ideology. Why didn't the previous SC rule in favor of that too? Because they didn't agree. As for the SC supporting gay marriage, the conservatives voted against it as expected but were overruled by the 4 liberals plus Anthony Kennedy on due process ground. Gay marriage is not as dangerous as guns. Only religious conservatives would conjure up a scary scenario of gay men preying on boys.
Cuba is still run by thugs who hate freedom and democracy. Fidel was a ghastly dictator, and so is his brother. They have never had any respect for human rights: Just ask their political opponents and the gay community in Cuba. I hope that Trump ignores any pleas by Francis to get along with the current regime in Cuba.
If they want to serve and maybe even die for defending our country, they should be allowed to do so.  We had gay guys in our unit and nobody cared. They did their job just like the rest of us. I doubt if any of the alleged "veterans" commenting here actually served during wartime.  It looks like these so called "veterans" are actually doubting their manhood when they're so afraid of people who are different.  If this is all they have to worry about, maybe they should get a life. Most of us just don't care.
Three hits and a miss: - A) Steve Earle is awesome B) Richard Buckner is not C) Colter Wall = Johnny Cash x Townes Van Zandt = incredible= the son of a future prime minister D) Rufus Wainwright  ≠ talented     (just because someone is gay and "Canadian" does not mean that  my tax dollars should fund their vanity projects)
I'm sure plenty of gay cases are quietly ignored too...until wedding announcements show up in the newspaper and the Church affiliated institution can't look the other way any longer.
Elagabalus, I think you have expressed more wisdom than can be found in taking your words at face value. Even if one is willing to concede mental neuroses ("white men with anger issues, money issues, issues with women, issues with gay people, race issues") as a characteristic of  mass killers, the fact remains they were not "diagnosed with mental health problems." In other words, psychological services in the US are nether designed nor capable of seeking out the neurotic who might pose a danger of becoming mass killers. Or again in other words, a societal decision to focus on mental defects as a strategy for preventing mass killings is doomed to failure.  Gun control, on the other hands, has been statistically proven to reduce mass gun horrors by the practices of other countries. Not only that, but exactly what kind of restrictions are required can be gleaned by examining details of the practices of other countries. The minimalist suggestions under consideration are insufficient.
I think the issue is more about being forced to stare at Mr. Winky at a female spa (no offence to transgender people).
What matters most to Hamzat and others in his position is that Canada has once again welcomed people fleeing persecution – in this case, people who were at imminent risk of harm. These people are already in Russia. " In Russia there is no persecution of gays in spite of the claims made in this article. There is legislation protecting children from sexual predators and that is a big difference from the claims made here of anti gay bias.  Canada actively sought these people out and convinced them to come here as Canada's own propaganda operation to discredit Russia and Putin . This is not surprising given that Freedland is anti Russian and has an intense dislike of Putin. This is just another example of the Trudeau governments insult to Canadians and to the people of Russia wasting resources  while neglecting the legitimate needs and concerns of Canadians all the while doing it in secrecy without any public oversight.
The community standard and law here is the First Amendment. The court must first protect the rights decribed in it, as they are not given by the state, but are inalienable natural rights. If those rights conflict with someone's desire to have flowers at their wedding, the court must find a way for them to have that without taking away anyone's First Amendment rights. Instead of doing that, this court arbitrarily decided Ms. Stutzman does not understand her own beliefs as well as the court apparently does. Thus they told her she (and everyone) should believe that providing her services does not endorse gay marriage, imposing their belief upon her, therefore establishing a state religion now incumbent upon all.  These judges should be impeached.
Exactly. The only place in a public bathroom you will see something you can't see in any other part of the building is at a urinal and using those is optional. Also they are not generally featured in women's bathrooms. There is a reason for that. If you try to invade someone's privacy in the ladies room it will get you called out with a quickness. No matter who you are. And the trans lady in the next stall will back you up. They are not worried about protecting women and children. They are worried a trans person might be left alone to live their own life.
I remember Sue very well.   When she first had her daughter Harper she brought her over to the house and I held a baby for the first time.  We always called her "Sue" as a teacher and she was always concerned for students' welfares.    I remember her being one of the only teachers to stick up for gay kids in 1973 (!)(while the rest of the faculty at Marysville were openly homophobic).   Because she was so nice,  I gladly stayed late at night after school closed to finish a paper mural she designed (her art class hadn't finished in time).  It was the centerpiece of her Creativity Fair.
Mercy flows from humility, which is the chief among Francis’ virtues. Humility does not bow to modernity, but it does listen to what it has to say about the human condition. Francis’ critics show a complete lack of humility in their objections to what Francis and the Gospel say. The sacrifice of Christ, and indeed his life, was the ultimate act of humility, humility before us, not just the Father. No triumphalism here. Jesus was gentle and humble of heart, his yoke (morality) is easy and his burden light. Chaput and Burke don’t seem to be lightening the burdens of LGBT and divorced Catholics at all. They have no idea.
L4: so is scheer's plan for 2019 to keep smiling until then? Based on what we've seen so far, that probably is the total of his plan and policies. Good luck with that. At least we knew where bernier, leitch and the anti-gay leadership candidates stood. We have no idea, even now, what scheer stands for.
But why Canada when there are more homosexual friendly countries much nearer to Chechnya...Belgium, Denmark, France, Holland? - Good question? - Sweden? Germany? - because Trudeau is looking for the Nobel Peace Prize? don't count that out
I'm holding out for the Transgender doll with mix and match body parts.
This is an article about gay refugees. Somehow, you stuck "political-religious cultures bent on imposing their extreme believes on naive citizens" into your comment. I seriously doubt that gay refugees are interested in that, given that they are fleeing anti-gay religions and cultures.
Although, I can understand their struggles, Transgenders make up less than 1% of the population, and have other safe restroom options; most organizations have at least one single stall gender neutral restroom, why is this not acceptable? Biologically, Females have vaginas, and males have penis', of course, there are rare occasions when someone maybe born with both sex organs. Restrooms are separated for safety, comfortablity, and privacy. females have a divine right to feel safe; especially, in a compromising atmosphere. I get frustrated by the argument "the invisible bathroom predator" it's not invisible, your opening the door for men to be in a secluded intimate environment with females. The news doesnt cover all the assaults that happen in restrooms. I agree, Transgenders deserve protection and privacy, as do cis females.
Well, as a guy who now dates guys, I can attest that most men are after one thing, so yeah, I agree with you on that most guys just want something casual.  Gay or straight, guys kinda only want one thing.
‘There’s no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation’  That phrase by Pierre Trudeau came in reference to a different offence (homosexual act) that was once outlawed, but it seems to apply to this situation as well.  There was no criminal activity.  (He wasn't charged.)  There appears to have been an abuse of power or authority for which he has apologized.  This teasing tidbit pales in my mind when compared to Senator Duffy's abuse of per diems among other things.
Motley: You make a good point.   Fifty years ago California prosecuted homosexual relations as a felony. Should the State,  cities, Universities and Colleges, et al, remove the names of any public officials who supported that law?  My great-great-greatgrandfather was a slave owner, should I change my name?  There is such a thing as "overkill".
No not hate. Just facts. Gays and Lesbians are two to six times more likely to suicide than Heterosexuals. Suicide is the leading cause of death among Gay and Lesbian youth nationally.  Revoking federal protections for transgender students who sought the right to use the public school restrooms that match their gender identity will have consequences.
I share the common outrage about this "new policy," but this is the reality of how many seminaries have pragmatically operated since the last declaration.  Candidates are asked their sexual orientation, asked if they are sexually active, asked if they intend to live chastely during formation and after ordination -- and they are also scheduled for more "counseling" and "closer supervision" as seminarians.  In the seminaries I'm familiar with, homosexuality is not an absolute barrier either to admittance or ordination -- as long as celibacy is the candidate's goal.  Very recently, the head of one West Coast seminary estimated the percentage of gay candidates as "higher than 60%."    If this statement by Francis alludes to a new standard of actually NOT admitting gay men and/or NOT ordaining them because of their orientation, then it's a new ballgame.  These guys will be in reality in the same boat as all women -- excluded from the ideal of Fr. Sam Studly priesthood.
It's not the wedding, it’s the product. Catalogue cakes, yes (he offered), special cakes (depends), must he have a gay cake topper (two grooms)? I think not. They can order a normal five tiered cake and get the topper online.
The final judgment, the rapture, et al are myths.  When we are judged, it is us and God. No cast of thousands.  The main thing in our lives, by the way is finding God in the poor, the uneducated and the gay.  Wills is an accomplished scripture scholar.  His Greek is better than most.  It takes intellectual strength to read sources you disagree with.  Sadly, he is afflicted with the gift of prophesy (not soothsaying, but speaking out).  That is never convenient.
"We should all acknowledge something NCR refuses to accept: the Universal Church is now growing by leaps and bounds in the southern and eastern hemispheres of our globe, and these areas are even more conservative on moral and theological issues (albeit liberal on economic matters) than most Western religious conservatives. ***** Which Western, mainstream conservatives have called for the imprisonment of gays? None that I know of. However, several RC bishops in the developing world have supported those efforts in their own countries. ***** European and American liberals no longer matter; the power now resides elsewhere, and Holy Father Francis has accelerated this change due to his recent appointments "from the peripheries" to the College of Cardinals."  Here we have another conservative Catholic - and  also several Catholic Bishops in developing countries - that would like to see gay people in jail. It is sad that the Church hopes for growth mostly in countries where ignorance is rife.
Joe Dick (quoting himself) -   Evidence that Harder is anti-abortion ... she proudly proclaims this and other evangelical Christian beliefs.  Also, as I wrote in another reply:  "The members have served on the committee (Status of Women Canada) together for 2 years and Harder has a voting record. She did not support transgender (Bil C16) rights and she was a sponsor of the private members bill "Molly's Law"."  As chair Harder can set the agenda which gives her more leeway to promote anti-abortion views.  Or not but hopefully we won't have to find out.
"Would you like to know the differences, the voters in Wyoming or Kansas not trying to force their lifestyle and values down the throat of the big city cesspool supporters."  Really?  GOP voters in Wyoming or Kansas wouldn't wave a magic wand and ban abortions and gay marriage if they could?  How exactly is that not forcing lifestyles on others?
I don't think it is poorly defined at all. It took me less than five seconds to find a FAQ link that explained gender expression in simple terms. I bet you could find it too!   I don't think you have ever met a trans person (at least not that you know of). But go on and do some research about how efficacious "conversion therapy" is, and then come back and talk to me about compassion. Why don't you meet and work with trans youth, and come back and talk to us about how they need "truth"?   This is the same stuff people used to post about homosexuality. That said persons were just confused and damaged (I think it was poor parental role models that were to blame). You were wrong then, and did massive harm by trying to force people to convert. Why do you think this time will be different?
Trump has already stated his administration will not challenge the gay marriage decision of the Supreme Court because it's settled law.  Roe v Wade, on the other hand, will be left to the Court and will take a long time to settle.   So the USCCB has already lost on the gay issue and Trump is going soft on the abortion issue.   His presidency is going to be some kind of roller coaster, but I still think the best predictor of what will really happen is his popularity rating, which is not going to please his supporters or the GOP.
You've got things flipped around the wrong way. It is the conservatives who are doing the real harm by refusing to recognize the fact that there is credible medical and mental health research showing that being transgender is a condition of birth. Merely because you do not want to accept the circumstances of another person's life does not give you the right to make that person miserable by denying them the ability to live their life the same way everybody else gets to.
Anything that can be done to increase our blood, plasma and platelets supplies should be welcome. However, as a long-time donor, I have found CBS to be risk-averse and client-insensitive in that they have been slowly eliminating on-going donors and potential donors. Aside from the exclusive decision regarding gay males, I am concerned when I see that the local clinics (Halifax) are only open 24 hours a week over 6 days. The hours are not conducive for those of us who work. My wife no longer gives blood because of the iron limits and I have been 'warned' that I could be excluded because my iron levels are actually too high. It is now very much a chore to give blood. And I am not alone as many in my cohort (aged 45-55) have expressed the same frustrations.
How much further does the Pride movement have to go?  Isn't marching down the middle of Yonge street stark naked with thousands of people cheering enough?    As a "straight" male, what rights do I have that those in the LGBTQ community do not have?
Despite a wealth of testimony, you're (ostensibly) oblivious to the experience of LGBTQ Catholics, which indeed suggests a lack of compassion and sensitivity on the part of the Church.  But it seems your main interest is to fume against "homosexual activists." Now why would that be.
Not only in Islamic countries or in Stalinist Russia, but in African countries today, on the basis of church doctrine. Calls for the imprisonment and execution of gays are still very popular, or even on the rise. Hate crimes, such as rape of lesbians to "cure" them, are commonplace in those countries. Read all the statements of African bishops, both Anglican and Catholic, to see the church role.
The Gay Report, published by homosexual researchers Jay and Young in 1979, revealed that 73 percent of homosexuals surveyed had at some time had sex with boys 16 to 19 years of age or younger.  Although homosexuals account for less than two percent of the population. they constitute about 33% of child molesters.  Further, as noted by the Encino, Calif.-based National Association for research and Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH), "since homosexual pedophiles victimize far more children than do heterosexual pedophiles, it is estimated that approximately 80 percent of pedophile victims are boys who have been molested by adult males.  I know what I'm talking about here....firsthand.  http://www.emaso.com/links/extra/frightening_gay_statistics/frightening_gay_statistics.htm
"...a bunch of priests saw fit to engage in homosexual relations with boys" _________ Do you really not know the difference between the sexual abuse of children and "sexual relations"? To the child victim, it is not "relations", but the very opposite.
Yeah, and there is an upcoming religion where their extreme believers ,and a bunch of them when they are winning, lop heads off, throw gays off of buildings, castrate child bearers, and basically have no respect terminally for anyone that disagrees with their ideology. You have a choice with Christianity, none with the other one. Sounds like you have already made that decision.
But what do you think about the law?    Our history of stomping on polygamy based on the aversion to the LDS religion was found legal by the Supreme Court of the day.    Now that gay marriage has been approved by a more 'progressive' Court based on our changing societal values (did I get that right?) how can the religious bias against polygamy or even polyandry be justified?  What adults decide for themselves constitutes marriage is the new test, isn't it?  Shouldn't the plural of spouse be 'spice'?  For those of an age to make a marriage decision and so choose at least?  What business is it of ours as to how many wives or husbands or combinations of genders exist in a 'marriage'?
Yes, but there's definitely a Christianist and homophobic element as well.
is this organization called  "Black lives matter" or  "GAY Black lives matter"?  why are they dictating to a gay organization?
No. We're concerned about terrorism just as much as you appear to be. We just don't blame a specific religion. I don't particularly believe all evangelicals are terrorists who bomb federal buildings; medical clinics; shoot doctors; beat homosexuals and drag people to their death.
Sure, Leviticus 18 is part of God's word and law. Jesus said "Do not think I came to destroy the law or the Prophets, I did not come to destroy but to fulfill. For assuredly, I say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one tittle will by no means pass from the law till all is fulfilled." Obviously with the sin and perversion all around us all has not been fulfilled. To the contrary, not only did Jesus uphold the law, but He strengthened it by defining it exactly as God does so, in His repronouncemens regarding adultery and murder. I find it interesting He also supports the prophets as Ezekiel also called attention to the sin of homosexual behavior. So did Paul. In fact, no where in the Bible do you find any support to say homosexuality is not a sin. It is, as is lying, stealing, adultery, bearing false witness, etc. All who have sinned are instead enjoined to repent and turn from their sin.
And yet, with the majority of the assaults on children being gay rape, and the likelihood that 30% or more of the current clergy being gay, you don't seem to care about outing these ss attracted priests for the sake of protecting other little boys.  Btw Don, it's prostrate, not "prostate."   Calling Dr. Freud....
People can't just get along with their lives. Every day he does things to hurt people.   If you're transgender and in the military, he's trying to ruin your life.  If you were brought to this country as a child, he's trying to deport you.  If you're afraid of police brutality, he's arming the police to terrorize you even more. If you need medical care, he's taking away your health coverage. If you care about democracy in America, he's trying to consolidate power to himself and his unelected family. If you are afraid of nuclear war, he's threatening to start one with North Korea every other day. If you care about your right to vote, he's setting up a commission designed to suppress votes, and conspiring with a foreign government to influence our elections. If you are concerned about white supremacists, he tells you they are "very fine people." If you're concerned about sexual assault, he tells you he can grab you buy the pussy and get away with it.  A real American would fight back.
It is equivocal. for instance, the term 'hate' with regard to hate speech does not take the broadest possible interpretation of the word 'hate'. He goes on to talk about passionate disagreement and how things can get heated, but this is not significantly relevant to Canadian speech laws which are not criminalizing emotions. The speech statutes deal with, as I've stated, the promotion of genocide, and propaganda which promotes violence or discrimination against -- in this case -- transgender people. And as stated, there is existing court history for what qualifies.   He talks about how some of the things he teaches may become illegal. Defences against 319 in the criminal code include that the statements made are true, an opinion on or based on a religious opinion, or a statement regarding a matter of public interest believed to be true by the speaker. So what is it he intends to say which fails those defences and violates section 319? Again, there is case history for the threshold.
Most "norms" love Pope Francis.  My conservative (formerly Republican) parents love him, but they do tend to hold moderate positions on issues like gay marriage.  It seems like the malcontents are a very small minority within the Catholic world who have a very loud voice online.  They aren't "confused" about this.  They know exactly what Pope Francis is proposing and don't like it because they enjoy people who they think are "inferior" to them being excluded.  They are basically the parish bullies and gossips who use religion as a weapon against others.
It would really be worth looking into the exact circumstances under which each of these twenty-six individuals died.  On average, people who are homeless die twenty to twenty-five years sooner than people who are housed.  On the streets unhoused people face prolonged exposure to inclement weather; lack the ability to eat nutritionally; are exposed to high risk of injury and illness; lack the ability to get quality health care; are depressed and anxiety-ridden; are on guard all the time when it comes to dealing with police; are subject to homeless predators who engage in theft and assault as well as to housed people who commit hate crimes.  People who are homeless, especially women, youth, LGBTQ folks, people with disabilities, and people of color are highly vulnerable to victimization by others, those housed and unhoused.  When you are living on the streets you don't have a sturdy door and a lock behind which you can relax, rest, and feel protected.  Housed people have those things.
I have seen the same thing there, and at the bus stop at Colfax and Broadway.   This is the BEST part of Denver (the State Capital is on the EAST side of Broadway at Colfax, and the City and County Building is on the WEST side of Broadway, at Colfax, and the Library and Art Museum and Civic Center are all RIGHT THERE!    And this TOP NOTCH real estate has been taken over by the homeless and also gays who engage in DISGUSTING activities.   And, they IGNORE any requests for decency and challenge anyone to stop them.   I KNOW that LL is TELLING THE TRUTH!!! Go there yourself and check before calling an honest man a liar!
Sodomy is not love, but it is the basis on which people of the same sex form couples.  Church teaching is very clear on this, grounded in scripture and supported by evolution, anatomy, and physiology.  And if there was any doubt, HIV/AIDS has confirmed that God is not pleased by such voluntary acts.  When a person adopts the gay identity, he is raising an unrepentant middle finger to the Church.  That is the act of the Devil.  Find another religion to give you Communion and burial, Satan.
Terry Bean,  is both gay and well known as a liberal activists. He is the top fund raiser and central key figure and party leader among the Oregon progressive democrats from the local to federal level. Given his history you don't have look to hard to discover what progressive liberals really stand for.
Alabama loves Moore; he combines racism, xenophobia, religious intolerance, and a deeply inbred ignorance in one gunslinger package; he even has a perverted touch to him with a bizarre fixation on homosexuality that strongly suggests a deep desire to vacation up on Brokeback Mountain
Black Lives Matter was concerned about Gay Black People. The leaders of BLM Toronto are of the LGBTQ community. They have legitimate concerns. We have a single Pride Event featuring the Diversity Rainbow Flag as the global symbol for LGBT. Hopefully the issues of racism in the police can get addressed with necessary reforms and they can participate in it next year.
Tri, my post was about how one "tells" others that they are straight and, by extension, the same applies to gays. You registered that you disagree with my response to that. As I mention in my reply, you do not address what it is in my post that you have a disagreement. Again, you still don't address that. If you are not going to explain what it is about my post with which you disagree, I think your posts would be more appropriate as independent posts, but not as a reply to what I have written, as it is not on topic as to the issue to which I was responding.  John David
Don:  I have flagged your latest troll.  My wife and I have been married for 53 years and your crude aspersion to my wishing to have coffee or a beer and visit with someone representing a quest for a sexual liason (either heterosexual or homosexual) is contemptible.  I have met for coffee or a beer, sometimes lunch, with about ten different posters from this site.   At least on my side, it's been great fun.  We've had discussions, learned a bit about each other and, IMO, increased our understanding of the other's views.  I'm open to such interaction with anyone. In fact, over the years, I've extended several such invitations to you personally.    I would really like to understand you....to understand your anger and nastiness....and (you will likely find this presumptuous) help in any small way I might...you battle your inner demons...  Like, I'm guessing, many other posters on this site, I mean you no harm.  But, really, I do tire of your crass personal attacks.  regards, Gary
The Church has just nailed the coffin on getting more priests with the homophobic statement about gays.   What, may I ask, does it mean to "support the gay culture??"   This sends a clear message to me that GLBT people are not really welcome in the Church.  It should come as no surprise that in the U.S., for every one Catholic convert, more than six Catholics leave the church. Taken a step further, Catholicism loses more members than it gains at a higher rate than any other denomination, with nearly 13 percent of all Americans describing themselves as “former Catholics.”  I am proud to consider myself among that number.
Can I say to you Thank you,   I am a practicing catholic.   I really do not care if a bishop says etc etc.  We have a pope , many cardinals who do not condemn us.  For the first time I think the Holy Spirit  is with us.  Let me tell you I was  created by a loving God.  He created me as a gay child.  I am married to my husband three years after a 35 year relationship.
While I disagree with the bakers in their viewpoints on homosexuality, I also disagree with the lawsuit altogether as it misses the bigger picture.  If someone doesn't want to do business for you on this basis, it's best to move on.  This lawsuit won't change anyone's minds - it actually does the exact opposite with both sides digging their heals in as this comments section proves.  Nobody ever becomes more tolerant of one another through threats and lawsuits.
Hi Joe, I covered that in another response, but you might not have seen it. Recap:  Contrary to what some seem to think, freedom to practice one's religion extends beyond choosing what to believe and/or where to worship, and also entails freedom from the state coercing you into violating your religious tenets.  The baker's position is that the unique consulting, designing, creating, delivery, setup, etc. involved with a wedding cake forces him to be a participant in an event he considers a mockery of a sacred rite (the marriage ceremony) as practiced in his religion.  This is arguably a greater (and Constitutional) harm than merely being offended. The wedding participation part is that to which he objects. He has otherwise NOT discriminated in the normal everyday conduct of business with the couple, so it may be difficult to say that his refusal on THIS issue was simply due to their being gay.   The SC seems to think there is enough of a question here to warrant their hearing the case.
Words are just a matter of concept and perception. Perhaps even context has more to do with meaning than the word itself. When I was growing up, many years ago, the word, 'gay', actually meant happiness and the word, 'fag', is what we called a cigarette. Nuts could be something we can eat but is often used as an exclamation of disappointments or surprise. As much as our American language changes over time, I think we're just too fractious about it to start with.
People fear what they don't know. The things is sometimes the person who saves your life might be a transgender doctor or a gay police officer, or a lesbian Marine. If I am choking to death I am not going to push away someone who is trying to save my life because of a person's sexual orientation or gender. If you have a heart attack and the EMT's who respond are gay, will you refuse their help ? For the most part, these days, I am considered by many as being a "conservative". I actually am a  card carrying No Party voter and I did NOT vote for Hillary.  I always thought Alaskans prided themselves as people who would give someone in need a hand without asking their sexual orientation/gender idenity. Or, as a Alaskan, measured a person by their actions/deeds not by their own fear. The people who voted this person down make the very case as to why diversity is needed so badly, especially on this Commission. I hope that more people educate themselves and get factual information, not fear.
FYI, the objectives One Free World International are the following:  "Everything we do is to give voice to those facing persecution and to work towards a world where all people can live free and worship as they believe.  From daring rescue missions of the most vulnerable, advocating for changes in government policy around the world, building bridges between communities, and educating the public of the plight persecuted minorities face."  Does the Liberal sarcasm patrol have difficulty with these objectives of an organization who brought two non Liberal politicians face to face with a serious human rights issue?  I know.  It is not as glamorous as providing sanctuary to Chechens who are persecuted for being gay but it falls within the same vein.
Uganda had the death penalty until 2013 when they moderated their stance and only sentence gay people to life in prison now. So, I guess you win, Duque, don't you?
I don't see why LBGT folks should offer the hand of friendship to any group which seeks to deny LBGT people the same civil rights that group assumes it's members are entitled to.    Unless Father Martin is prepared to give his unqualified public respect and approval to gay marriage and homosexuality I don't feel he is qualified to lead a reconciliation campaign, although he is clearly qualified to speak to many other subjects.  As example, suppose I said that I have the right to vote, but represent an organization determined to block your right to vote, and won't myself personally call for your right to vote, but I love you and want to be friends.   Credible?    Father Martin wants his cake and eat it too.  Sorry, not buying it.  His sermons on many other topics still welcome.
<Not to mention I can't see how the marriage vows would have sacramental validity since they would be based on a fundamental lie.> No, I don't think such a marriage could be sacramentally valid. There is no doubt that social, family, religious and peer pressure can prompt a homosexual to attempt a heterosexual marriage, but there is nothing in the teaching, discipline or pastoral practice of the church that should be construed as encouraging the dishonesty.  I know that may be putting too fine a point on it, and I don't mean to support the teaching or discipline of the church in this matter: but what the church advocates for homosexuals is celibacy, not a faux marriage.
Whatever people believe about one God, a Trinity, or multiple Gods, etc., how they organise themselves to worship those, or live their personal lives, etc., should be their business, because it does not impact society at large.   What matters is the impact on others, and "our society" has told the Catholics and BACs in no uncertain terms to stuff their beliefs about abortion and gays , no one worried about "alienating" them, no one fell all over themselves being "respectful".  But we fall all over ourselves being "respectful" of conservative Muslim beliefs .  At least be consistent.
That famous pizza restaurant discrimination never actually happened, btw. It was a hypothetical question that brought out a lot of hate toward the owners for something that never happened in real life. If you can find some pizza place that really refused to actually cater a specific gay wedding feel free to cite the source. Otherwise it was hate against basically a thought crime, not actual discrimination.   As for what would be defined as artistic expression I would expect the judges to provide a guiding definition as they did in Hobby Lobby. I don't recall hundreds of claims of "me too" over that. I'll wait to see how this case actually turns out before claiming I know the result and fallout, not having a crystal ball on me at this time.
So you admit that Gorsuch would more than likely vote to allow "religious freedom laws" which, as you say, would discriminate against LGTB people like me. And while you personally find that objectionable, you still think he should be confirmed nonetheless. How nice. Need I remind you of Martin Niemöller's famous quote, "First they came for the socialists..?" Since you obviously don't seem to mind the Trump administration coming after people like me, perhaps you'll be singing a different tune when they come after people like you. Selfishness is a strong motivating factor in guiding human behavior. Empathy, not so much.
SCOTUS just folded on the transgender bathroom issue.
Looking at your point one - the hall was never filled to capacity so the Fire Marshal wasn't restricting entry.  And, despite Trump's claim that there were 15,000 attendees, the hall is only licensed for 4.200 (clearly his handlers were not expecting a large turnout) and, not only were there never that many people in the hall, many of those that did come left before he finished.  Point 2 - and he's issued his transgender ban in the military and his AG has filed a suit in an attempt to remove all LGBT protections from the law - there's only twenty years of case law on the subject (some of which extends as far as the Supreme Court) but that's not deterring Sessions.  Point 3 - if you can actually read that without laughing, especially after his remarks about Charlottesville (let alone the entire content of his campaign and the attempted travel ban) you've got to be as crazy as he is.
Civil Rights? Transgender's not allowed to join the military is NOT a civil rights issue. The words Civil Rights is now being redefined, and where are those who fought for Civil Rights?  Is a Transgender person born or made? Before answering, how many story have there been about parents seeing their two year playing with a doll and began raising their son as a girl? Or parents convinced their child was born the wrong sex. Seem to me with transgerderism a third party is generally involved.
Oh really? Is that why after the death of Antonin Scalia President Barack Obama was basically forbidden to appoint a Supreme Court Justice?  because those in the House and Senate we're afraid that the Supreme Court would be too liberal? They've done this over and over again. with same-sex marriage,  with gender identity bathrooms, everything they have to be crossing of it
The case before the SC will compel people to accept evil, for these bakers believe homosexual acts are evil. The consequence of their action is that they will not reap the financial remuneration of doing business to create that cake.  The homosexual community and its supporters not only want their to keep our mouths shut, but also to affirm immoral behavior.
Well I tried to give you a gracious out just in case you were suffering a bit from your namesake but it seems that you determined to go through with this.  You have a lot of problems with your hypothetical. "It could have as well been someone inside the DNC that leaked (was a whistleblower)" No, it couldn't.  Whistleblower protection only applies to fed. agencies not private organizations like the DNC. "Our laws would presumably protect" No, they wouldn't as that would violate the DNC's protected right of assembly.  Think about when the court's found for the Boy Scouts of America when ousting a gay leader. There are just too many differences to make use of your analogy, not just the gov v. private org. and the right to assemble protection but also the procedural differences and protections accorded between the primary (a private organization's internal matter regulated by party bylaws) and the general election (a government matter regulated by federal laws and the Constitution).
The article didn't talk about Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
That is the point, schools are now being allowed of how to address their own specific issues of their transgender student population. Since I am sure we are not talking about hundreds of students who are transgendered but a only a few at any given time then it makes sense to address those needs of those few students on an individual basis rather then creating a policy that would be more appropriate for larger groups of students. Having grandkids in the Anchorage Public School district I have seen a number of issues that they deal with that have been similar to this one and they have done well.
Now obviously the Baptist Church and possibly Imago's leadership has had a more negative impact on the perception of homosexuality.  Bailey holding views that differ from traditions on such a small (biblically speaking) issue I don't feel is something that should stop him from being apart of the positive change in how the church interacts with society at large on the issue.
Let's pray for Christian unity and that the lost sheep return to the fold that we may be one.   "We trust in God's grace and providence, knowing that the Holy Spirit will open new doors and lead us into all truth."  That said, given the Anglican positions on women's ordination, homosexuality, divorce and remarriage, contraception and abortion, reunion is nigh on impossible without Divine intervention. To say nothing of Anglican views (noting there is no one view in the "via media") on free will, the nature of Christ's sacrifice, how salvation is attained, the Mass, the Sacraments and Papal authority. The differences between Catholicism and the 39 Articles is insurmountable and cannot be fudged or glossed over.
Good question - I feel the same way. Gay people, like my brother, were born that way. It's not something to "pride" yourself on, just like being born with brown hair. Now if a gay person put forth personal effort to improve gay rights, then that's a personal achievement and something to take pride in. Or if they overcame personal challenges that come with being gay, then yeah a person could take pride in that. I don't show "pride" in being heterosexual, nor would I think it was appropriate. It's just how I was born.
Great perseverance story.  Not sure what relevance being gay has on any of it.  If everyone was hetero would they have even mentioned it?
Ideally, you're right. Change should come from within. However, what I'm asking you to note is that Canada and other western nations don't take that laissez-faire attitude with other countries. For example, China is frequently criticized for its human rights failings, even though they pale in comparison to what goes on in Saudi Arabia.   The same is true of Russia. A few years back Russia was excoriated because it wasn't doing enough to protect gay rights. Western countries threatened to boycott the Sochi Olympics because of that. In Saudi Arabia though? Homosexuality is punishable by death by beheading, as is 'sorcery,' blasphemy and a good many other so-called crimes against Saudi Arabia's strict version of Islam.  The reason for Canada's hypocrisy on human rights? The above-mentioned arms sales, and Saudi Arabia's dominance over the petroleum market.
Christianity is NOT under attack in this country. Christian churches are thriving, and anyone can go to them. What has changed, and what conservative Christians resent, is that conservative Christian values are no longer totally embedded in societal outlook and law. Gay people are no longer in the closet, in jail, or in mental hospitals. Women are free to work, and not just be content with being housewives. Contraception is legal throughout the land. Other religions are tolerated or accepted. In theory, that was always supposed to be the case. But in practice, it hasn't always been the case.
Muslims and liberals excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe. Israel, and America.  Islam's destructive iconoclasm is destroying historic treasures across the ME:  in just one  year Notre Dame in Paris has had three close call bomb threats.  They even have Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Qaeda are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
Why is Roe not settled law after 40 years and gay marriage is? I'm confused.
How can the government be a champion of de-radicalization as long as they/we support oppressive regimes like Saudi Arabia and others in the Middle east?  Saudi Arabia actively promotes and supports an extremist version of islam. Saudi Arabia executes gays, publicly beheads people, removes hands as a form of punishment, crucifies people, bans non-muslims from some cities, has a complete ban on non-muslim religions and oppresses women.  Yet our government supports Saudi Arabia. Look at Qatar and other "moderate" muslim countries like Kuwait and the UAE ....... how do they treat gays, women, and religious minorities? They all support fundamentalist islam. Yet they all escape criticism from the government. Freeland is comfortable criticizing Russia for its many abuses, but compared to our pretend allies in the Middle East, Russia is a liberal paradise.  Why the double standard?
Perhaps some history will help you here. The Pride parades for the LGBTQ community were born out of protest- namely the protest at Stonewall Inn in 1969 after police came in and arrested, beat up, and otherwise accosted patrons there for the "illegal" activity they were engaged in. Maybe consider how much of a privilege it is that you don't have a Pride Parade, because you never faced the oppression that our community has faced (both historically and today).
Married priests.  Best solution to keeping gay predators outof the collar, keeping children safer.  Yes, sexual temptation doesn't go away.  But since we know that 4 out of 5 abused Catholic children are male, it follows that married men are far less likely to be predators than allegedly celibate loners who are drawn to seminaries because of camp appeal.
"Do they get the irony of publishing an avalanche of anti-Trump articles to convince the public the sky is falling"     "A transgender-issues activist and Democratic candidate for Congress says the advent of the space tourism industry could give private corporations a "frightening amount of power" to destroy the Earth with rocks because of the Moon's military importance.  Brianna Wu, a prominent "social justice warrior" in the "Gamergate" controversy who now is running for the House seat in Massachusetts' 8th District, suggested in a since-deleted tweet that companies could drop rocks from the Moon".The left really does think the sky will fall
Please excuse him. You see, in his mind, CleanupEugene lives in a small town in Oregon in 1952. He still thinks gas is 20 cents a gallon, drives a Hudson Hornet, and grooves to the swingin' sounds of Miss Patti Page. He thinks women who think a sexual thought have "blazing saddles" and that all the lesbians want to recruit his wife. Pssst, don't tell him it's 2017!
Hang on, let's not to be to hasty, we still have some groups, transgender for example, that need to be in cabinet, experience and know how will just have to wait.
Leelah Alcorn, Emelia Worth, Maisie Knowles, Kyler Prescott, Cameron Langwell, Taylor Alesana, Blake Brockington, ..... that was just from the first page of a Google search for "transgender teen suicide".  And those are among the teens who have come out.  Unfortunately there are quite a few other teens who commit suicide over gender or sexual orientation issues that are never reported as such because either their parents wouldn't accept that as a cause or the teen was too afraid to come out and admit their issues to anyone.  I'm guessing you have probably never met a transgender person let alone learned what their life is like.
In no way do I wish to diminish the issues swirling around the stated issue I. This article, bit I think there's something else of note here as well.  By wording things the way it des, the Vatican seems to be trying to create wiggle room for itself.  But as we've seen over and over, there are times when black and white might be a better approach.   How few of us can u derstand why the bishops have so badly handled the abuse mess?  Or this issue of gay priests? Or women?  I would hope that this "cleverness" on the part of the insiders could come to an end.  They seem to still want everything both ways...  If the laity is to believe things are black and white, why not the bishops?   I think this dualit mindset is not good for the church these days.
Actually, he's also talking about "identity politics", which is often used as a code word to oppose any talk of racism, xenophobia and homophobia.  He also mentions "traditional values" which is another code word for opposition to equal rights for LGBTQ people.
You claim not to know what homosexual conduct is, but then say it's an act of committed love.  So, what happens if I have a committed love for my puppy  . . .  or guppy?  Where did you get the idea that committed love entails sex?  Do you not have committed love for your close friends?  Do you have sex with them all?  Your definition of "homosexual conduct" reveals an uncommitted love of definitional accuracy.   You say "[I] clearly equate homosexual conduct with one thing: an*l s*x. So we are at cross-purposes here."  Thank you.  Really.  So long as you advocate sex that is at cross-purposes with nature, you and I will be at cross-purposes.    As for the Cardinal, he was no more a homophobe than McGuirck. ;)    BTW, did the Cardinal say anything that was false?
Pro death penalty?  why?  giving the ultimate power to the government makes you in favor of big government.  Why be anti LGBT?  That just makes you against God.
---King is just saying what Trump voters and the GOP base in general believe.---  How do you know this ? There are over 60 million people who voted for the Trump, have you polled them ? I have a homosexual uncle - that has not changed me at all, if anything it has made me more resolute as I see the misery he lives in, and it is not from condemnation from "Trump voters"..
Pandora: Nothing is ever going to come from all their liberal blather because the Church is shifting to the Eastern and Southern hemispheres, and those bishops, cardinals, and Catholics are very conservative on moral and theological matters.  Additionally, when Eastern Orthodoxy (EO) joins RC,  RC will become more conservative not less conservative  because EO is very conservative on morality and theology; EO bishops in many regions even call for the imprisonment of active homosexuals.
Cut funding  last time with QUAIA (Queers Against Israeli Apartheid) marching in the Parade and playing politics the City did not cut funding this time do it right and cut funding the funding is for gay rights and gay pride politics and not for politics like Black activism, anti-Israel activism  cut the funding and stop the nonsense already
Liberal can and most often do support a capitalist status quo. Ever hear of "neoliberal?" Disney can show girls, non-whites, working people, and gays as strong warriors as long as that warrior doesn't use his or her skills to challenge some basic imperialist or capitalist assumption. Lots of human interest news does us no good at understanding the system in order to fix it.
The good Bishop also hesitates and stops well short of closing off God's mercy and love to others.  Read his declaration: he is encouraging repentance, leaving the door wide open for return, even making it clear that there is no impediment to active homosexuals presenting their children for baptism and educating them in the Christian faith.
"The governor's administration says lawmakers' budget hides more than $600 million in deficit spending."  So our Republican legislators are really closet Democrats  in sheep's clothing.   They just love guns and Jesus, hate gays and diversity/minorities, and  want to keep all govt benefits to themselves.  Otherwise they are happy to spend this state into oblivion.   I at least commend declared Democrats for caring about ALL Alaskans while still being honest.   The "closet" Democrats need to be voted out.
I have no idea. I Did hear someone say that "We will resist when they come after us".  WHAT?! HAHAA ! WHO?! Who is coming after you? As far as I know, the Only people that Trump wants to "go after" is Criminal Illegal Aliens. I read someone else stated that (to paraphrase) "Trump wants smoke coming out of factories and women at home in the kitchen" ..hahaha..WHERE do they get this stuff? Re: The LGBTQ community: It appears to an outsider that Equal Rights are not enough -"Special" Rights are being demanded.
Trust me.  I didn't want to either in the Library's 3rd Floor Men's restroom a couple years ago!    Now I guess I might have to share that restroom with a transgendered person performing her/his ablutions.
You got that backwards.  Feminism is concerned with discrimination on the basis of sex, and feminists have been critiquing the limits of gender roles since Simone de Beauvoir write The Second Sex in 1949.     It's transgender activists who argue for the category of gender, and some of them who are arguing there is no such thing as male and female sexes.    Fortunately, the law doesn't regard some people's right to identify with a gender as limiting other people's right to be females or males.
In an email exchange, on 26th April 2011, between Clohossey and a survivor of abuse, recommending the victim pursue a bankruptcy claim against the Church, Clohessy stated:  "I sure hope u (sic) DO pursue the WI bankruptcy .... every nickle (sic) that they can't spend on bankruptcy lawyers,  PR staff, gay bashing, women-haters, contraceptive-battling, etc. .... "  (Page 10 of filed law suit)
There hasn't been this many people voting in Alaska since they disgracefully showed up to ensure LGBT people did not have rights in the workplace, and ran out of ballots. Then the state disgracefully did not do the election over, or allow the voters they did not have ballots for to vote. sighting it would be to expensive to do over, or fix.
You wallow in neoconservative myth, Ken. As the John Jay report found (see RNS), "[T]he researchers found no statistical evidence that gay priests were more likely than straight priests to abuse minors—a finding that undermines a favorite talking point of many conservative Catholics. The disproportionate number of adolescent male victims was about opportunity, not preference or pathology, the report states." See the link for further edification ... let's hope that you will henceforth desist from spreading calumny against gay priests! I won't be holding my breath, though! https://www.americamagazine.org/content/all-things/john-jay-report-not-blaming-homosexual-priests
"If anything he's been pretty middle of the road if not supportive. " Uh huh...like trying to ban trans people from the military, that's very supportive.
IS is not the only group that's giddy over this: Russian firm tied to pro-Kremlin propaganda advertised on Facebook during election . Most of the ads, according to a blog post published late Wednesday by Facebook’s chief security officer, Alex Stamos, “appeared to focus on amplifying divisive social and political messages across the ideological spectrum — touching on topics from LGBT matters to race issues to immigration to  . gun rights.” . https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/facebook-says-it-sold-political-ads-to-russian-company-during-2016-election/2017/09/06/32f01fd2-931e-11e7-89fa-bb822a46da5b_story.html
The real myth is that naive, sweeping and repetitious denunciations of America in general will convince others of the denouncer's moral superiority or alleviate the painfully obvious self-loathing. In this case, it was not "American society" that committed the deplorable violence.  It was an angry individual who apparently overdosed on crazy internet indoctrination and perversion of religion instilled from far outside American society, then took it out on innocent gays who were enjoying themselves as an integral part of American society.  Let's not get confused.
So if Alaska is so pro-gay marriage, why is Anchorage fighting so hard to keep it off the ballot?  Seems like they would want to get it out to the people so it could be legitimized by all the people instead of a few in power that would rather tell us what we can and cannot do.  It doesn't make sense to me. Seems like they are afraid  that maybe, just maybe, the polls could be wrong?  Nah... the polls are never wrong. Right President Trump.
I think there's a lot of misinformation abroad in the land...the notion that 24% of US citizens  are Catholic may be technically true as a preference but my fussing with CARA stats and others suggests that about 7% of US citizens actually attend church weekly...with percentages "once or twice a month" "several times a year" , "major holidays "... Bringing up the balance.   AND these "Catholics" have very varied views on access to contraceptives (Vast majority approve) to death penalty, gay issues, etc...Pew does a lot on this and it's clear that these folks are anything but monolithic in their views.  There is also the stat that 10% of the US has left the church.  And then we come to the balance of our citizenry...the vast vast majority of our population...many of whom are going to be severely impacted by this election..and why in heck would they want to sit around with a Catholic official relative to the matter..they have friends, family, other faith traditions and associations?
I tried to donate blood once, and they said they wouldn't accept it because I'm gay.  I know that stigma has been removed, but to this day, I think "If my blood wasn't good enough then, it isn't good enough now."
Are you not aware that the customers who were refused service were a lesbian couple? Lesbians have a lower STD rate than heterosexuals.  Also, are you not aware that the American Psychiatric Association has determined that the pedophilia rate among homosexuals is no grater than that among heterosexuals?
Nope.  Just like your Gay Marriage Constitutional argument, I will stay with my 2nd Amendment Constitutional argument.
Gays having access to marriage is a matter of right, not a privilege voted on by the populace.  The votes ending bans on consensual sodomy and recognizing gay marriage rights were both 8-1 and the one died last year.  I suspect Gorsuch would be the 8.  No federal court, District or Appellate, ruled against gay marriage as the issue was being considered.  It is a wonder the SCOTUS even took the case, except that Kennedy wanted to make a statement on their rights, which is now being used in employment law - no congressional vote required.  We live in a natural rights republic.  You don't get to mess with people through your  elected representatives.  Religious scorn is not religious liberty and is not religious at all, even when done by this bishop.
You are correct, Shawn. It is not the police that members of the LGBTQ community need to fear.  Trevor Phillips, a former head of the equality and human rights commission (Britain), recently produced a documentary, "What British Muslims really think", that premiered on Channel 4 recently in GB. It reports the findings of a large-scale survey of British muslims. One of the findings is that 52%  feel that homosexuality should be illegal. Other results of the survey, reported in "The Spectator" - a respected British publication - here: https://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/04/why-do-we-pretend-that-all-muslims-are-sweet-smiley-and-integrated/ I don't expect this to pass the "civility" test of the G&M but at some point we have to start a debate based on fact rather than fantasy. Censoring the messenger won't work for ever.
There were women and men in multiple Canadian cities that had sister marches to also proclaim that they did not wish to go backwards with human rights, women's rights, reproductive rights, gay rights etc. and marched in solidarity with those in the US. I respect our PM for speaking to us about the march and not choosing all his actions such that they sooth The Donald, as you would have him do.
Having a gay husband?
Am I mistaken that "natural law" as the basis for opposing homosexuality, same-sex marriage has become a forgotten term? A poetic image, a"complementarity" of male/female genitalia prevails - and that elevated to doctrine and edict has emerged.  Benedict (16)'ine rhetoric of authoritarian "ought" has become the norm. We are seeing a "last-ditch" revert to medieval authoritarianism that still fuels the remnants of institutionalism. It, surprisingly still works with some,  helped elect Trump - ugh. That "some" coalesces the diminishing cadre of fundamentalist reactionaries, institutional clericalists and fearsome faithful rote fidelists. We should be considerate of the small group of conservatives who see it all as worthwhile; the "rotists" who misplace trust in hierarchy.  "Natural law" in a reasonably educated and reason susceptible populace is the bane of the traditionalists and authoritarians.  What "laws" emanate from nature are change, variation, chance, a mysterious consistency.
"The gulf between the L.G.B.T. community and the church is not primarily based on orientation; it is a gulf created by judgmentalism on both sides. That is the real starting point for a dialogue between the Catholic Church and the L.G.B.T. community in the United States today. Father Martin should be thanked for pointing to this reality, not shunned."  What do you mean? Are you in favor of judgmentalism?
So where was the ACLU when many clothing designers refused to work for Melania Trump ? They will speak against  a florist in Washington State for refusing service, why not against these designers ? Selective logic again ? Does a gay engaged couple deserve more Civil Liberty than Ms. Trump ? Does a white guy in Alabama deserve to be refused service by black workers in a Mac Donald's ?
I agree. I remember being attacked on Facebook for saying Orlando was an ISIS-inspired, Islamist terrorist attack. Too many people wanted it to be a hate crime against LGBT people rather than face the fact it was an Islamic terrorist attack. If you said it was ISIS you were condemned as a bigot and an Islamophobe. However the terrorist wrote on his Facebook, texted from his phone, and did his best to let everyone know he was carrying out a terrorist attack in support of ISIS. He never mentioned gays once. The reason (I'm sure) he chose to attack the nightclub was a) he knew the place inside out, b) knew where the doors, exits, windows, toilets, etc were, and c) he knew there would be a lot of people there.
There have been gay people all throughout history, many lower animals exhibit homosexual tendencies, so it seems because there are people born gay many think they are defective and their "gayness" can be changed...That being the case one would think God made a mistake...If God made a mistake He is not all powerful...We believe God is all powerful, therefore a gay person is not a mistake...If a gay person is not a mistake he/she should be loved and accepted into the body of Christ with all that entails...If they are accepted into the body of Christ they are entitled to all that is Catholic!
Since Jesus didn't mention homosexuality, I would guess he would focus on what mattered - the poor, the vulnerable, the outcast.
Glad to see that Boss Prevo can put his principles aside and endorse Trump.  Trump, in a lengthy discussion on the transgender issue Monday,  repeatedly said transgender people should be protected under the law and said he believed most states would "make the right decisions."  Asked whether he thought the issue had been overblown, Trump said: "I don't think so, because you've got to protect all people, even though it's a tiny percentage of 1 percent. I think from that standpoint, [states] should come up with a policy that’s going to work for everybody and protect people."  Does Boss Prevo and the rest of the committee agree with this compassionate and- dare I say it- enlightened position?
Trans people have a condition that requires the regular use of drugs to maintain their physicality. Diabetics are not enlisted either - are you going to claim that the CiC is not supportive of diabetics?   Military is for fighting, not a support group for medicated people.
The laity HAS taken up its task. Because the Church hierarchy refuses to surrender its ideas of privilege and superiority, because the Church hierarchy refuses to treat and accept women with equal status as men in the organization, because the Church hierarchy continues to demean and dismiss homosexuals and continues to provide moral cover for vengeful people to take hateful action against them, and because the Church hierarchy continues to treat abuse of children as secondary to protecting the image of the organization and saving their own hides, the laity, more and more, is withholding contributions, withholding the support of the organization's outrages and evils their presence at Mass symbolizes, and finds alternative ways to live and express their more authentic Christianity and Catholicism.
Maybe, as long as zhey ran a platform that addressed jobs, prosperity, tax and health care reform, Americans' place on the world stage and a unifying national vision.  The candidate's identity as LGBTQ would need to be incidental to their campaign and platform.  If Clinton's loss should teach Americans one thing, it's that "It's Her (or any other possessive pronoun) Turn" is  both a presumptuous and absolutely insufficient reason to elect anyone to the office of the most powerful nation on earth.
"Presumably you also know many males who successfully imagine themselves into the female experience sufficiently to empathize, and from the empathy proffer opinions in tune with your own?"  Oh, c'mon, Dennis. Hardly anyone knows any males like that. Seriously! In my lifetime I have known maybe 1 or 2 straight men who could do that and maybe double the number of gay men. That makes a total of 6 maximum across my lifetime, which ain't short (my life, that is). Have you heard of the writing teacher (true story) who asked her students to write something from the POV of the opposite sex and the men in the class could nor or would not do it?
IMHO, a classy move by Saunders. He's removed the police from a contentious situation,  and kept the reception tent open. A classy move on behalf of Pride would be to thank Saunders for his consideration, and to make it clear that LGBTQ officers are welcome  in the parade. If BLM has further demands, Pride will have to deal with it on their own.
Such remarks remind me of the hysteria over the collapse of civilization in Canada when gay marriage became legal. What is it with cons and their weird apocalyptic fears of civilization disappearing every time people want to be nice to other people?
Sorry, but I just don't buy this.  (a) Kung still has not returned to Catholic theology in the 36 years since his problems.  Frankly, if Catholic ecclesiology said what he advocates, I would wonder why I was a Catholic;  (b) I would rather deal with John Paul's theology of the body than the warmed over dualist gnosticism/pseudo-science being pushed civilly called "gender theory" as intellectual justification for approving homosexual actions.
Probably far worse than this story, since technically Sessions was in bounds on his directive, despite violating Trump's (albeit meaningless) campaign promises about protecting LGBT rights, is this story:  http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/05/opinions/un-death-penalty-resolution-usa-lgbt-ghitis-opinion/index.html  Synopsis: Haley, the UN Ambassador from the US (beholden to Trump) didn't just abstain from voting but voted to oppose a resolution condemning government sanctioned death penalties for gays in several countries but most notably Chechnya, Iran, Saudi Arabia and perhaps 7 other counties.  The reason given? The US doesn't want to go on record condemning the death penalty (even for an outrageous reason).  Protector of LGBT rights eh Trump?  Laughable. Why does anyone believe anything else he promised either?
In every country where the niqab is common, are women treated as equals? Are homosexual rights protected? Is there a free press? Is religious satire and criticism protected under free expression? Why does the Globe support the appeasement and accommodation of a symbol representing a belief system that is fundamentally incompatible with Canadian values. Instead they defend a symbol of repression under the guise of diversity? The Globe goes out of its away to ignore reformers such as Tarek Fatah or Ayaan Hirsi Ali under a misguided duty to political correctness. Turkey, a majority Muslim country, experienced over 90 years of secular progress - this included strict rules of secularism that restricted any head coverings in public due to the constant threat of assertive religious conservatives who felt society should be governed by religious law. It has taken one Islamist government under 10 years to roll back 90 years of secular progress. Yet the Globe is incapable of discussing Islamism.
Could you clarify your accusation of the church being scared of gay people? And how are they misogynist?
Jesus said nothing about homosexual love.  Indeed, Jesus said only that we must love God and love our brothers and sisters.  Since God needs nothing from us, the chief way we show our love for God is by loving God's children.  Being homosexual (the way that God has made some of us) and being faithful to one's spouse are a fulsome way to express our love for God and our love for God's children.
`Secretly?' So clandestine, and oh so exciting... My goodness, wooden head Freeland & team Gomer are so impressive. Unlikely however. Just tell Chechnya doors are open for their LGBT folks and I'm sure they'll send us a boatload.
The main problem with this column, and much Catholic commentary on LGBT issues, is that it fails to recognize that teaching that homosexuality is "intrinsically disordered" is wrong-- both factually and morally.  As with other matters in which Church teaching has evolved, it will undoubtedly take decades, maybe centuries, to reach the point when Bishop Paprocki's action will be viewed as a quaint occurrence during a dark age.
I think all scientific evidence does, in fact, support that there are persons whose sexuality falls outside the "norm" of   "cis hetero"  ....."heterosexual person whose gender aligns with what they were assigned at birth. As a cis hetero woman, I was born female, I am a woman, and I prefer to date men" from the Urban Dictionary.  All studies I've read conclude that homosexuality is present in about 10% of the human population.  I accept that as a "scientific truth" supported by extensive research.  I also accept that those persons who recognize and acknowledge their homosexuality and live accordingly, deserve to do so without being subjected to hatred and discrimination.  That's my "feeling" about their feelings, if you will.  Transgender individuals are the latest target for the hatred.....  I see no purpose served by denying individuals' belief that they are "caught" in the wrong gender.  Yes, it's a belief, but it's a belief about oneself.  (cont)
Is it possible (in their minds) for the church to "treat them 'fairly'" when the Church condemns homosexuality as sinful?  How could the Church (in their minds) ever "treat them 'fairly'" when in the eyes of the Church they are making sinful choices? How could the Church (in their minds) ever "treat them 'fairly'" when the Church can never condone their chosen life style?   Why can't you just admit that "treat them 'fairly' and given the dignity of all God's children" is a euphemism for "change church teaching on homosexuality so that it is no longer sinful. Condone the homosexual life style and give homosexual couples the Sacrament of Matrimony."   See--in my mind, I have no problem with tolerance--nor do I have a problem with fairness.  I do have a problem with "bless, approve and otherwise condone homosexuality."
It's probably just because I'm gay, but I find transgender people incredibly attractive.
My mother struggled with my sexuality. Charlatan Dr. Prevo made her struggle worse. He demonized me, my tribe and my value as a human being.  I don't care what he and his followers  believe, but we have a secular Constitution (frequently ignored in Alaska) that guarantees I have the same rights he and his church have. He wants me disenfranchised. Dr. Prevo, this is not some nightmare Christian theocracy similar to the Muslim one in Iran. But, that is what you want. I don't know how many gay kids were terrorized by Dr. Prevo. I don't know how many gay people met violence or death as a result of the hate rhetoric with the lies that evoke  violence--even death--in my gay tribe.  I do not believe God created me to view my body with shame. I do not  believe God made me gay for torment by Dr. Prevo and his ilk. Religious freedom stops where there are calls for death to a whole class of folks. You know, like no human sacrifice.
It's not transgender people that anyone cares about; dysphoria exists. The issue is basing policy on something that is NOT hard scientific fact, with the ability to be punitive. Insofar as the pronoun debate is concerned, we have 'male and female' based on an outward presentation....i.e. clothing , hairstyle etc., so if you want someone to call you something different than the accepted male or female then you had better define it. The problem is this stupid liberal government wants to do nothing more than 'appear' diverse and will run with whatever common narrative sounds good....regardless of the efficacy or basis in fact. That's what you get with a populist government.
I have always thrilled to, loved, worshipped, respected, admired, been inspired by and watched this incredible lady with breathless anticipation.  She is a sort of cosmic glue that I have seen bring the races, the sexes, the sexually liberated, the straight, the gay, the bi, the trans, the drag queens, the smart, the simple, the bright, the quiet, the extroverted ALL together, uniting them in sweat, style, joy and dance, and I have seen her liberate the introverted on occassion too.  Hers is a rare and precious gift.  Posh.  Decadent.  Slummer.  Aristocrat.  She is all things to so many!  Oh!  And she ALWAYS puts a hot little wiggle in my ass!  She can spin me all she likes!
Third  and last continuation How far will it go? Last year a Hydro worker lost his job because,  not on a workday, after being badgered by a reporter, he admitted he found an off-colour joke funny. This year Jordan-Peterson, an acknowledged first class researcher at UofT, lost his funding after refusing to go along with expanded pronouns. I don't agree with a lot of what this guy said but this response is astonishing and frightening. We got a motion from the government that "Islamophobia" is wrong. Well there are lots of Canadians who have valid reasons to fear Islam - gay, trans and female people. I think both Christianity and Islam are worrisome and now the government is telling me I shouldn't have those feelings. We have a national newspaper tell a very one sided socio-political story and within weeks the government says "Oh, here, have $100M to promote your political views." $100M! Wow! I used to support the left, now I feel I can't. Certainly not the academic left.
5) Refreshing the CBC’s mandate with the new senior executive team to be appointed next year.  Yo can be sure there will be a diverse team of transsexuals, Muslims, women and natives but no conservatives and certainly no  white men. They  still won't create one TV show that Canadians in general will find amusing. Diversity of skin colour is our strength, but singularity of social and political opinion is the law. No...the CBC is not refreshing at all.
Not sure if this post makes you a sexist or a misogynist, I guess that's up for debate. But your earlier post where you claim that 87% of priests who abused children were homosexual certainly makes you a homophobe. And a liar.
Just in. Pew Polls has RCs tied w. mainline Protestants @ 69% approval rate for gay marriage!  And with 96% of RCs favoring contraception, Bishop Poppycock is outside the "sensus fidelium".  He won't have to spend much time on funerals; free to call bingo more often!  Now that is truly pastoral work!
Well, first off, Black Lives Matter is a hate group out to stir up trouble.  There are real problems with race in this (and in other countries), yet this group just does nothing to stir the pot.  As for who owns Pride, I thought it was for the gay community and our allies.  It is designed to be an inclusive event.  If you are LGBT or an ally, then this Parade is for you.  It doesn't matter to me if you are conservative, liberal, black, white, Christian, Muslim, rich or poor.  This is for us - people who are OK with being who we are.  Black Lives Matter is a hate group and is trying to splinter Pride.  If there are issues, and there very well may be with regard to race, then Pride needs to address it, but we don't need agitators to do so.
I am not a religious person and I don't see this as a religious issue (although the parties involved and the courts have made it a religious issue).  I don't see the relevance of the fiance/gay protected class issue, because I am seeing this from another angle.  The baker refused service to no one.  He refused to design a particular type of cake for a particular type of event, due to his beliefs.  I know the courts see this differently, but I don't care if his beliefs are religious or not.  If he's against animal cruelty then I wouldn't expect him to make a cake celebrating a bull fight (where it's legal) either.  If you ask the baker, I'm sure he'd design a birthday cake for a gay person (he probably doesn't care if they're gay or not).  But he won't design a cake for a gay wedding, even for a person who's not gay.
I heard this baker offered to make donuts for the gays instead but curiously they said no to the hole idea.
You have just raised the issue of religious misogyny (and not to mention hate and death among gays) that the MSM will not discuss nor are Canadians allowed to bring up in a multicultural society.
Bigotry is bigotry and is morally wrong.  If a person does not accept a gay lifestyle is fine, just shouldn't pretend that it's about religion.  People are people and to say "I'm not going to serve you because you are morally corrupt," just makes that person morally incorrect.  Discrimination is discrimination.  I think that it's morally indefensible.  But that's just me.
I suppose it would be too much to expect for Trudeau to provide an apology to a straight person for sexual attacks by older homosexuals on me as a child. I am certain there are many others equally affected. I can still see their faces and in one case know the name of the perpetrator though I am now a senior citizen.  For the few progressives JT ingratiates, he offends many more.
Read the news, witnesses what children are learning in schools.  Heck, I lived it during the late 60s/early 70s when what once called "History" became "Social Studies," and our Social Studies textbook was titled, "Great African Americans."    Who doesn't know that the "anti-bullying" campaigns are driven by homosexuals?  The unattractive and overweight kids are most subject to bullying, but they're never mentioned in schools.  Only the sexually confused.    Here's what I think of peer review: https://www.nature.com/news/publishers-withdraw-more-than-120-gibberish-papers-1.14763
"President Trump's unexpected announcement Wednesday that the military would no longer accept transgender service members left many in the administration wondering why he had suddenly arrived at such a conclusion and how he planned to implement such a consequential policy."  Who is this lame reporter who is suprised that Trump made the obviously correct decision?  Consequential policy?  You mean a return to normalcy.  And, she's befuddled as to how the policy will be inplemented.  She's never had a military induction physical.
Sure, why support a democratic nation, with a vibrant growing economy, some of the best science in the world,  where gays and women don't walk the streets in fear, when you can support a dozen other countries in the neighbourhood,  in the thrall of a worse than medieval religion, run by dictators, bankrupt and determined to destroy that first nation.  Good question Gerry!
Repressive tolerance is the modus operandi of the left where anyone and  anything they designate off-limits to criticism is to be promoted and defended and anyone and anything they disagree with is to be discredited and attacked.   Some examples that are factual are in order.  Criticize the failed policies of Barack Obama and you are called a racist.  Say that illegal immigration should be stopped and immigration laws strictly enforced  and you are a xenophobe.   Criticize  abortion on demand and you are a misogynist against women.  Criticize gay marriage and you are homophobic.   Criticize Islam and even its barbaric practices against women and you are labeled  Islamophobic.  Winston Churchill would probably have been brought before the kangaroo court Commission for hate speech:  " In Mohammedanism law every woman must belong to some man as his absolute property–either as a child, a wife, or a concubine — must delay the final extinction of slavery until the faith of Islam has ceased."
Following in Bill Clintons footsteps... Shame on you O'Reilly. If only he had ran a gay prostitution ring out of his townhouse like Barney Fwank the libs  would be swooning over him. The best part is Fox could leave that hour of news with a blank screen and they would still beat that guy in the same time slot on MSNBC...
Funny, when minorities, women and gays vote as a bloc for Democrats it's hailed as people voting for their best interests.  When white people vote as a bloc it's a harbinger of dark times.
They're not very vocal about it. All I hear from religious conservatives is about poor Mr. Phillips. All I hear is the religious conservatives who boast about how their rights supercede gay people's.
So, what I've learned from you is that - much to my surprise - virtually half of all British Muslims do NOT feel that homosexuality should be illegal ... which is amazing when you consider that many British Muslims are first or second generation immigrants from countries and/or cultures where homosexuality (where it is recognized as existing at all) is not only criminal but often a capital offense.   Think where "white-bread" Canadians were on this issue only a generation or so ago.  Very encouraging, in my opinion.  No, not all Muslims are "sweet, smiley and integrated", but - as too many events (in Norway, the U.S. and other places) have shown - the fact is that not all non-Muslims are sweet, smiley or integrated either.
You obviously havent driven on the Glenn lately!!!    This is far closer to apples to apples than you will let yourself believe. Kim/Jim, Dr? Prevo  and others justify this to "protect women and children from being molested", yet more children are molested at church youth groups, youth sports and other youth organizations; more women and children are raped or molested in their own homes by relatives and family "friends" than by any transgender people. Yet trans people are the "boogey man" we need to write laws against??  Our society has been indoctrinating us that a person who appears physicallys male but dresses or acts female is automatically some pervert. The theme is pounded out over and over in movies, books and TV.  They are different so they must be inferior and out to do harm. I know trans people who have been fired from jobs, asked to leave resturants, denied medical treatment ... and now prohibited from using the bathroom ..... Sound familiar?? Welcome to Jim Crow 2017.
By allowing an active homosexual man or woman to have an active role in the Church, it would appear that the Church is giving approval (tacit or otherwise) for the ACTIONS of the homosexual.   One of the sacred duties of bishops as primary teachers of the Faith to the Catholics in his diocese is to teach what the Church believes and teaches. To do otherwise is to shirk his duty, of which he will have to account to God for those in his flock he had led astray.  This teaching doesn't apply only to homosexuals, but any person unrepentant of serious sin. Angelo Bruno, mob boss in Philly, was denied a Christian burial by John Cardinal Krol for his ongoing activity in criminal enterprises.
2/ Tragically, far-right Catholics are complicit in the neo-fascist faction of the Trump constituency. Steven Bannon, formerly of Breitbart and now chief White House strategist and senior counselor to the president-elect, is Catholic. Milo Yiannopoulos, a virulent misogynist and colleague of Bannon's at Breitbart, identifies as a "gay Catholic." And as we have seen, traditionalist Catholics were and are solid supporters of Trump.  Bannon turned Breitbart into a den of anti-Semitism and bigotry, and he will be at the center of power.  His position does not have to be approved by the Senate.
Well, Paprocki is, at least, consistent.  He is not just pointing to homosexual "sin" but to couples who use contraceptives, have or support legalized abortion, miss Mass on Sunday.    It's the 1950s all over again.  I am sure there are Catholics who will like this, some.  And some who will shrug and ignore it.  And some who will slowly remove themselves from the practice of the faith while still holding onto faith in Our Lord.
I think this survey is indicative of so many things: the decline of the church's moral authority and influence over moral decision-making among the laity; the inability of the church hierarchy to get the laity to follow their thinking (EG gay civil marriage vs religious freedom to discriminate; birth control). Such things like the refusal to conduct a church funeral for gay married members juxtaposed with the church's inadequate responses to the pedophilia crisis)...all this contributes to the institution losing face in the minds and hearts of members.
This also appears to be a homosexual crime against another homosexual, or did I read this wrong ? The RG cleverly attempted to conceal this by using the "domestic partner" phrase. Thoughts ? Anybody know what the violent crime rate is within the homosexual community ? If you search it on Google all you can find is crimes against homosexuals, I was able to find this though:  The top six American male serial killers were all Homosexual:  Donald Harvey claimed 37 victims in Kentucky; John Wayne Gacy raped and killed 33 boys in Chicago, burying them under his house and in his yard; Patrick Kearney accounted for 32, cutting his victims into small pieces after sex and leaving them in trash bags along the Los Angeles freeways; Bruce Davis molested and killed 27 young men and boys in Illinois; A gay sex-murder-torture ring (Corll-Henley-Brooks) sent 27 Texas men and boys to their grave; and Juan Corona was convicted of murdering 25 migrant workers (he “made love” with their corpses).
Yes, but my point is that you are labeling her non-monogamous purely because she says she is bisexual. If I tell you I am heterosexual do you think, "Aha! Unfaithful!". No, of course not. You understand that a sexual preference is part of a person, but that a person in a relationship is not always acting on that preference with others.   Do you know she is non-monogamous? No, you do not. You only know she says she is bisexual. But you go ahead and call her unfaithful in her relationship, and then you decide that since she is unfaithful, she can't keep her word in politics either. The whole chain of thought is based on you guessing, purely guessing, that she is is unfaithful in her marriage.
There is a lot more to this story than is stated... A few things about this make me question what really happened. 1) Why would the Mom think he was gay if they used to date and had slept together in May? 2) The sheriffs department had the gentleman's attorneys contact info so why would they mail it to an old address and not contact the attorney? 3) Why does every article have to make the Oregon Country fair look horribly dangerous?  I hope they find out what truly happened.  ~Concerned friend
The likely scenario is that the gay couple will lose this case in the Supreme Court, Trump is re-elected, and the left becomes even more unhinged spewing hateful names. But they may have to invent new insults, because the current ones lost it's edge from being overused and over-applied to too many people. Like the grossly generalistic "basket of deplorables".
Most gay Catholics aren't shouting at the magisterium ... most gay Catholics have quietly left the toxic environment of "Holy Mother's" suffocating bosom. I think that straight Catholics (parents, siblings, friends of gay Catholics) are going to have to do much of the dialogue ... and perhaps even some witholding of cash from the collection plate, etc.
I had also said that Paprocki's attitude is "man was made for the Sabbath" so I assumed to were responding to me. I agree that human life comes before the law, so why are you supporting Paprocki, who says the opposite.  You said that denying people communion and burial is not rejecting them. I would really like to know how you reached that conclusion, when common sense would say the opposite. "I do not allow you to participate in the rituals of our religion, which you should see as welcoming you." That makes no sense.  I am in favor of loving my neighbor as myself, including when my neighbor is in a gay marriage.  You seem to be saying that being in a gay marriage is worthy of condemnation, while denying healthcare to millions is OK. Please explain that. Remember that Catholic teaching says that healthcare is a right.  I still would like an answer to my question: Do you really think that God is as hung up on sexual activities between consenting adults as you obviously are?
"Such a ban on military service “would cause significant disruptions, deprive the military of mission-critical talent, and compromise the integrity of transgender troops who would be forced to live a lie, " If there are that many currently in our military, we in deep kim chee!
"Bennet said of CDOT. “If (President Donald Trump) were serious about this, and I hope that he will be, he could submit tomorrow an infrastructure package to the House of Representatives."  If he serious? What about Obama? He spent $10 TRILLION AND WE GOT NOTHING!!! I said it many times during the recession that Obama should have been investing in infrastructure instead of handouts. But he was too stupid to have any vision and now our infrastructure is failing everywhere. Obama spent $50 Billion out of a $800 Billion stimulus package on infrastructure. That was only 6%. Most of the rest was 100 weeks of unemployment, food stamps for 50 million people, half a billion dollars for a failed solar company, etc. All of the liberals love him for gay marriage and transgender rights. Regardless of POV, those were small issues compared to bankrupting our country. The guy could not balance a checkbook. He doubled our national debt and got nothing to show for it. That is his failed legacy!
Every politician would throw everybody under the bus to stay in office. Gay, straight, trans, black, white, purple - they don't really care about anyone as long as they get to stay at that trough. No term limits, special retirements, special health insurance the list goes on and on. Do you really think they care about YOU?
Gays and Lesbians do NOT "suffer from SSA."  They suffer from the attitudes of people like you.
Gender identity is new. I understand that not a lot of people understand it and you seem to be of the variety that do not understand it. So where should someone that was born a hermaphrodite go to use the bathroom? What about someone like my cousin that was born without external genitals and had to have a surgery to even evacuate waste?  List the last 5 Trans attacks that have happened in a public restroom. I will start with Sandusky, continue with Haster, and then move on to Larry Craig.  Trans people are more likely to be the victim of violence, not the ones causing it. Also, saying they are coming for your daughters and wives is exactly the same reasoning that was using during segregation. Those large dark men are coming for our daughters and wives.   Since you said your morals are based on the Bible below, I have a question. Where in the Bible does it tell you what bathroom to morally?
Well you are not explaining that the Anglican and Episcopalian churches are still going thru various version of breaking off and re-organizing - some even came to our church in order  to hate women & LGBT in tranquility.    They seem to be managing to finally regroup into churches who may have different ideas & different forms of Anglican beliefs.  Once they cement their new constructs, those with more open structures will likely start attracting more NONES who didn't feel they had a strong Christian Church to enter that supports real equality.  These churches need to become comfortable with evangelizing too & that has not really been their forte in a long time.   At this point, there is more than enough clergy for the amount of churches they have.  In fact, they may have a problem with too much clergy, due to deacons and priests being in such large supply, for the demand, laity don't feel needed.  A problem our church is playing with in the West, as more deacons take work from laity.
You did explain what 'transgenderism' is in your view, but that is your bias.  We all have a bias, and it is incumbent upon us to recognized that.  Quoting Aquinas is quite dated and now irrelevant due to modern science.  Aquinas thought reason alone was sufficient to know.  Perhaps in his day that was all that was available.  Another flaw is lumping a whole series of issues together...each must be judged on its own merits, not by category....In regard to transgender, I would resort to biology and the fact of evolution for the correct perspective.
He refused to design ANY kind of wedding cake from the moment he heard the wedding was for a gay couple. This is all about religious conservatives wanting the absolute right to discriminate against gay couples while still being protected by the civil rights laws from discrimination against them.
It's a disgusting appeal to his political base, perhaps to signal an 'accomplishment', since there has been little done on other fronts.  The notion that the US is headed toward some form of totalitarianism is complete nonsense.  This is a wedge issue played at the expense of a small and currently newsworthy community.  It is unfortunate for them and all Americans, indeed.  Transgender people are twice as likely to serve in the military as other people, at least according to this:   http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/Transgender-Military-Service-May-2014.pdf
The military needs people who are willing to serve and face the risks, and physically able, unlike our leader who used bone spurs as deferments to avoid the draft.  Not all transgender people opt for sexual reassignment surgery. Anyway, Trump's Mar-a-Lago trips cost more than trans soldiers' health care.   "A report for the Pentagon last year found that transition-related care would cost between about $2.4 and $8.4 million per year — less than 0.14% of the military's medical budget. That's roughly the cost of four of Trump's trips to Mar-A-Lago, GQ noted, even using a conservative estimate of $2 million per trip. "
Teachers already are..more so when O started his student singing his songs...water pistol shooting POTUS Trump on the blackboard...Pledge of Allegiance going going gone...Muslim religion replacing GOD....transgender restroom/shower/locker rooms is acceptable...PC running amok over common sense etc etc..."liberal indoctrination".
Are other sins not really sinful if for reasons beyond our total control we suffer from concupiscence?  Or are active homosexuals uniquely without sin?
What I inadvertently omitted in the above post was that the Law/Torah Jesus (alayhis-Salaam) admonished would never pass away, and that failing to obey compromised one's spiritual standing unequivocally prohibited homosexual behavior.  Just sayin'...
the trans students can ask to use the teachers restroom or the administration restroom or go to the health room.  What about the privacy rights for the majority of the students?  I wouldn't want my daughter to be in the same restroom with any male student. whether bio or trans. can the majority file suit for violation of privacy?
MSW, you quote Francis: "In Amoris Laetitia, Pope Francis writes, 'It is reductive simply to consider whether or not an individual's actions correspond to a general law or rule, because that is not enough to discern and ensure full fidelity to God in the concrete life of a human being.'"  Did you mean to say that an individual's actions corresponding with a general law decided by majority decision that marriage is not marriage anymore, but something called "gay marriage" (whatever that means) is not enough to discern and ensure full fidelity to God in the life of a concrete human being?   If this is what you meant, we can start talking.
You are misreading the bible.  The moral truths are timeless.  The ceremonies, rituals, civil and criminal laws change with the times as our understanding of the moral truths are deepened.  The repeated admonitions against homosexuality are moral truths which you will probably understand better if you look the basic principle of pagan sexuality :  the doing of something TO someone -- false gods to false gods, false gods to men, false gods to women, false gods to beasts, men to women, men to men, men to children, men to beasts, women to women, women to children, women to beasts, etc
John, respecting the rights of others to disagree with us is part of being respectful of others. I don't need to call someone who disagrees with me a "hater" (not saying you did), as they could see me as a hater for disagreeing with them.   Tom, FOTF is no different than any other special-interest group/lobbyist in Washington - they are trying to get their views codified. I don't want laws codifying lifestyle, as long as that lifestyle does not infringe on the rights or well-being of others. I disagree with FOTF's lobbying efforts, so I need to support opposing lobbyists. FOTF is trying to codify their beliefs, just as gays are trying to codify their beliefs.  Each side thinks they are right. I would rather FOTF live their lifestyle in their homes, and let others live theirs in their own home. I want gay couples to have the same tax & benefit treatment as others. FOTF doesn't. Don't hate them for their different view; work to educate them. Hate has no place in civil society.
This post by you is most gratuitously offensive.   There is no good reason at all for you to involve lesbians in this subject matter.   You are way out on a limb here.  For you to do this clearly reveals you to be a bigot.
Regarding: ""As followers of Jesus Christ and as Christian ethicists representing a range of denominations and schools of thought, we stand in resolute agreement in firmly condemning racist, anti-Semitic, anti-Muslim, and neo-Nazi ideology as a sin against God that divides the human family created in God's image," the statement begins. " - This is a good article. - Though the ethicists, and other men and women of good will,  no doubt righteously write in the heat of the moment, let us not forget the gypsyes, the homosexuals, Buddhists, Zorastrians, Christians, and other believers of other religions, all who suffer from those past fascists ideologies, and from those modern excuses for religious persecutions and personal oppression resulting in death, and destruction.
Rep. Tammy Duckworth put to rest the canard that much money is being spent to medically aid transgender persons in the military. Their costs are quite low as compared to those now spent on ED meds. Transgender people as any other patriot who wishes to serve their country deserve, in an all volunteer military, the same opportunity as any other citizen. The thousands are presently scattered throughout our deployed service members and this self serving president, if he used his brain or consulted the military commanders would soon find out that his latest "tweet" can only disrupt and not aid our military.
I voted for Trump because, unlike his opponents, he and his platform openly and plainly oppose the 5 moral non-negotiable evils of our age:  abortion, euthanasia, human cloning, embryonic stem cell research, and homosexual "marriage".   Our bishops, our Popes, have reminded us time and again that these must be resisted and opposed.  To vote for a candidate who supports them is entirely anathema to me.  If a candidate refuses to defend human life, whether it be preborn, sick or aged, then nothing else that candidate proposes to support matters.  ALL human rights depend upon, and flow from, the most basic and fundamental right, the right to life.  A candidate who supports embryonic stem cell research is repugnant - he or she is advocating for the creation of life for the sole purpose of terminating that life and harvesting its cells.  That candidate is saying that one life matters more than another, that human persons are nothing more than commodities to be used.
Whatever you call it please go home and keep it in Texas. Don't think you'd find Jesus out there ginning up trouble with the homosexuals at THEIR parade.
Jesus said the greatest commandment is to love God because to love God is to receive the sanctifying grace that allows us to expand the boundaries of our natural self-love which then allows us to truly love our neighbor in a sustainable fashion.  So how can that sacrificial and self-giving love between homosexuals ever be true love when you can't even obey God's admonitions against the homosexual act?  When you can't even love God?
Those "anti-gay" protesters are anything but christian, they are people who choose not to follow the teachings of Jesus while using religion for a shield for their own bigotry.  Seems like the most vocal critics of gay marriage are people who haven't even read any books of faith. But yet they claim to speak for God. So they break one of the Ten Commandments for something that they personally find a sin.  I admit that I don't understand the whole gay thing, personally I think it's weird. But if it's what gives people who are happiness then that's a good enough reason for me to support it.
I agree with most of that. However, I have seen my gay friends go along to get along. Laugh at jokes and statements they find hurtful just so they can "fit in". I know the pain they feel because of it, especially when it comes from someone they considered to be a friend. But you are correct, I do not know the dynamic of any groups of friends other than my own, and I would never make jokes about my friends that I knew could be hurtful to them.
Show me where Nihad Awad says homosexuality is not a sin and an affront to Allah, in spite of the Word of Muhammed and I'll be with you that far.
Your last paragraph sums up the ploy of the homosexual activist lobby:  talk about love and avoid the fact that the definitive element of being homosexual is not love but sodomy.  And if you do have to address sodomy, call it "sex" so as to equate it with what male-female couples engage in.
"To consider that any of us can love God in the same way we love others is a distortion of Christian theology."  Now who's being rigid?  Why would anybody try to love an infinite being the same way we love finite beings or vice versa?  It is precisely the infinite nature of God that provides us with the sanctifying grace to truly love beings with finite natures, be it our spouses, our children, our nuclear and extended families, our friends, physical neighbors, our co-workers  and strangers.  Otherwise, more of us will each be thrashing about in the shallow pools of subjective emotions as most active homosexuals are doing.  I get that you desperately want the mere love of finite beings to be the equivalent to loving an infinite being, but, out of the abundance of His love for us,  the infinite being did give us some pointers and warnings about the daily temptations that test each and every one of us.  How can you say you truly love God if you ignore those pointers and warnings?
CDC - Gay males (5% of the population) account for approximately two-thirds of all new HIV infections each year.  Intestinal intercourse is unnatural and unhealthy.   https://www.cdc.gov/nchhstp/newsroom/docs/factsheets/cdc-msm-508.pdf  Syphilis rates are concentrated primarily in the gay community, with homosexual men constituting nearly 83 percent of the syphilis cases reported in 2014.  https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/government-std-rates-among-homosexuals-alarming-troubling
Where are LGBT floats at Caribana?  Where are the LGBT booths at Khalsa Day?   Where were the LGBT celebrations at Eid?   Why doesn't BLM protest black on black violence?   If you have an issues with the police directed it at the police force and not Pride, which is about the most inclusive event in the city!!!!!.
Sin is first a personal decision.   An individual who gives in to disordered tendencies.   Whether a fragile priest, or a gay mayor, or an otherwise happily married person who assents to some grave sin.
For the Gay community and the Black community, both whom have been successfully pressing for broad inclusion to exclude the police whom the vast majority of people strongly support, is more than ironic.  It's just plain wrong.  Count me out his year.
Thank the Globe and Mail for a decidedly biased article about a bill that arbitrarily defines "hate-crime" as "misgendering a person." Christ. There is a monumental difference between telling Canadian citizens that they cannot say something (such as inciting genocide) and forcing Canadian citizens to say certain things. We've barely had any discussion in the scientific community about this transgender phenomenon, transgender people are already legally protected (Charter of Rights and Freedoms ring a bell?), and now we're supposing that by saying someone else's words we're going to prevent them from committing suicide? This is just a mess! My advice to Canadians right now is to take a step back from the media sensationalism and actually listen to what people like Peterson have to say. This isn't some alt-right propaganda--- these are our fundamental rights as human beings, and our moral obligation as people who need to engage in dialogue.  Sort yourselves out.
Switch the word transgender with any other demographic and read it out loud. Many people in my family are intensely uncomfortable around black people should their irrational fear prevent POC from using public facilities? You should get to know a few trans people and you will see they are exactly like everyone else, no better or worse.
Since somebody advertized/reported as seen below in quotation marks to the world that Canada was helping in secret in the past, it will be harder to help those still left behind now in my opinion. Not sure how many have suffered since the story broke, but even one would have been to many.   "For three months, the federal government has been secretly spiriting gay Chechen men from Russia to Canada, under a clandestine program unique in the world. "
Actually, peace, I suffer from an "absolutist religionphobia"   Mike Pence told the Hill that he never eats alone with a woman other than his wife..... Pence's family “prayer warrior,”....  as a force behind her husband’s socially conservative stances, including his opposition to gay marriage, planned parenthood, and the religious freedom law he signed as governor of Indiana, which opponents worried would allow business owners to discriminate against gays and lesbians by citing religious concerns.   https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/karen-pence-is-the-vice-presidents-prayer-warrior-gut-check-and-shield/2017/03/28/3d7a26ce-0a01-11e7-8884-96e6a6713f4b_story.html?utm_term=.195c9943858f
You've hit one of several bull's-eyes on this matter.   In order to show its disapproval with the belief system at Trinity Western University, the Law Society of Upper Canada made a decision that denies students from that university the right to practice law in Ontario. Yet clearly the 'offending' belief at TWU is the same as many other religions. LSUC does not, however, screen Catholic and Islamic applicants over their beliefs about homosexuality.
So you're gay?  Wanna meet up at Cracker Barrel for a date?  We can feed each other mash potatoes and share a sweet tea.  Let me know.
Ben, I don't find Mr. Bailey complex- I find him muddled.  He sought out a church that would not accept me (I co-habitate) or my gay friends.  The female submission doctrine at Imago Dei is creepy- so feminists have reason to worry.   As other commentators have noted, Bailey is doing the equivalent of sticking his fingers in his ears.  The church doctrine is truly at odds with his progressive values, so we are free to question 1. is he honest with himself 2. how he can hold two opposing belief systems in his head.  Religious beliefs are fair game when it comes to picking a mayor.  I don't want an evangelical Christian from a church with regressive values, and I suspect that the LGBT and other communities will also be concerned.  Wheeler's church is bland, and tat is actually a plus.  Wheeler isn't listening to a sky god- he crunches numbers and that is fine by me.
Kurgan,  Thank you for your comment.  In my later years I  will always acknowledge that I am a sinner struggling to follow the teachings of Jesus.  I wondered why he chose me to be one of his "gay" human beings. It took me a long time to realize that he gave me a much finer gift in life, a very loving heart.  I feel that he also gave us Francis.  As a child I could never understand why all the  rules and regulations etc  I have had a great life so far in the past 75 years.  Only because of his many gifts have I had the opportunity to get the chance to help some of those who were in need. I owe all of my joys and tears of joy to the many gifts he has given me that have no earthly value.  I have had to learn not to harbor bad thoughts about the bishops etc.  You know  somewhere in scripture it says the last shall be first and the first last.  Could it be possible that all will go to Heaven.  Maybe those in power here will be our servants in Heaven.
"to a lesser degree by women" Nope the research is in on that and women commit DV more than men. In fact the most kind of relationship to be in is a lesbian relationship. The safest? A gay relationship. Followed by a heterosexual relationship. Check the CDC.
Been a master swimmer since college so far I have had 40 yrs of sharing locker rooms with other women and I know many have to be gay. The truth is no one cares but I am sure that since I mentioned the real truth of female locker rooms to you now that you will want to go in the female locker rooms and personally check out any naked gay women to protect your wife and daughter.  As far as your comment that 65% of Americans are as interested in a problem that has never existed in the nation's restrooms that does not exist since they are as sharp as I am knowing that for decades there are already laws on the books that protect people from sexual molestation in any public place including bathrooms and locker rooms.
"One of the findings is that 52% feel that homosexuality should be illegal."  Let's do math:  100% - 52% = 48%  Factoring in the "X times out of X" statement statisticians frame these things in, it's an even split. That's including recent immigrants, too. By the time the third or fourth generation is born in Britain, their social attitudes will be nigh-indistinguishable from the general populace's. Two generations ago, what did Christians in Canada think about these issues?
I have two good friends who are "married," lots of friends who identify as "homosexual," including a Catholic priest, as well as a cousin who has been living with a partner for 30 years.  I love them all, bit that does not mean that I condone their choices to accept their same-sex attraction as an identity.  Interestingly, most of them are well aware of my attitude towards homosexuality, but they have never have demanded that I accept their choices.  I can't think of any, aside from the priest, who claim to be Catholic, which makes sense.  I am long overdue for a discussion with my priest friend, but he is so narcissistic and, of course, being a priest knows it all, so I suspect I won't have much effect on his thinking.  Of my closest friends, many made the choice of embracing their same-sex attraction even though having had loving relationships with women, including the priest, btw.  It's sad to me.
In countries where sexual assault rates are among the lowest in the world, everyone shares public bathrooms.  You are peeing with men, women, gay, transgender, children, their pets, you name it. No one feels eitber sshame or fear. I found it to be a very healthy attitude.
A while back, a friend told me about one of the Ukrainian Catholic bishops whom he has seen on numerous occasions at gay bars.  I didn't ask the name, because it makes no difference to me, but the hypocrisy galls me.  I remember, as a little girl, my mother talking about Redemptorist priests confiding in her about difficulties with overcoming the temptations of the flesh.  Back then, I had no idea what they were talking about and imagined all sorts of scenarios in which flesh could cause problems that would result in sin -- mostly the scenarios had to do with overeating.  :-)  Now, I do know, and I get so angry about the constant and continuing hypocrisy.
"... we have undergone a genuine human discovery of the sort that we, the human race, don’t make all that often. A genuine anthropological discovery: one that is not a matter of fashion, or wishful thinking; not the result of a decline in morals or a collapse of family values. We now know something objectively true about humans that we didn’t know before: that there is a regularly occurring, non-pathological minority variant in the human condition, independent of culture, habitat, religion, education, or customs, which we currently call “being gay”. This minority variant is not, of course, lived in a way that is independent of culture, habitat, religion, education and customs. It is lived, as is every other human reality, in an entirely culture-laden way, which is one of the reasons why it has in the past been so easy to mistake it as merely a function of culture, psychology, religion or morality: something to get worked up about rather than something that is just there."
Well "Dr." Northrup has his view and medical science has another. First of all, children are not candidates for gender-affirming surgery. Research confirms that trans kids are neither confused nor pretending. Furthermore, there does not exist a medical intervention to reverse gender dysphoria. Gender affirmation is the most effective approach to relieving the symptoms.  Moreover, there is now ample evidence that trans kids who socially transition at an early age are as healthy and happy as their cisgender peers.
The court said the baker “does not convey a message supporting same-sex marriages merely by abiding by the law.” The baker's lawyers are not arguing that he discriminated, they are asking for him to legally be allowed to discriminate.  Then people will be able to refuse to serve black people and chalk it up to religious beliefs.  Choosing to serve heterosexulas and not homosexuals is literally discrimination, the dictionary definition.
I have been to 12 step meetings of 10 atheists gathered for spirituality and I solemnly assure you that Jesus was there.  It is why such programs work (and it is blasphemy against the Holy Spirit to say otherwise, so save your soul and keep quiet - a sentiment that also applies to denying gay marriage).
The baker making cakes for heterosexual weddings and refusing to make cakes for gay weddings is literally discrimination. That is not up for debate, no matter how much you protest.  That fits the literal definition of discrimination. That particular variety of discrimination is illegal in Colorado.  I am tired of repeating facts to you. Your opinion about events is not relevant, ask any lawyer.  What if the baker said he was  ot going to bake a cake for a wedding that was for two black people, but he would make a cake for a wedding that was for two white people? Would you say that he is discriminating against the event, not the people?  You beleive the baker had the right to discriminate, period. That is what you are arguing.
dome:  You are describing a he/she or she/he or Trans something.
Until recently, it was uncommon to converse about sexual abuse. Although it was common knowledge that abuse was widespread, involvement by clergy and religious thwarted or clouded any open acknowledgement or discussion. The conversation that Gil Gustafson and Susan Pavlak promote is confusing. Their experiences involve homosexual abuse. All abuse is not homosexual nor are all homosexual acts abusive. Their conversation doesn’t make this distinction. This is understandable because the Magistgerium does not make this distinction either, decreeing that: “Basing itself on Sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity, tradition has always declared that “homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered,” …contrary to natural law. Under no circumstance can they be approved.” (CCC #2357)  Rome has spoken. There is nothing to converse about.
Where did I say gays jump back and forth?  Again, you are making things up there Joe.  And there is no gay gene.  It is a choice. You feel more comfortable with men.  That's fine.  I've had other gay men hit on me and it was nice to know that if I ever were inclined, I had options.  However I've had far more women hit on me, even being married, and found their advances more flattering, because women are more reserved in general.
"It's not transgender people that anyone cares about; dysphoria exists. The issue is basing policy on something that is NOT hard scientific fact, " If you agree that transgenderism is a real medical condition then how is policy being based on "NOT hard scientific fact"?
Correct. Although there was much political activism before that event. Check out conflicts in Montreal (1976) or the legal battles of The Body Politic and Pink Triangle Press. Although not gay myself, one of my English professors at U of T was the late Michael Lynch who was an important gay activist (US born, but living in Canada). He was in the midst of some mighty battles during that time and he would often talk about it after class. The bathhouse raids in 1981 was the tipping point in Toronto.
As a strong believer in religious freedom, I'm rooting for the baker.   That does not mean we have to overthrow all civil rights laws--but that we can make exceptions for religious beliefs. Religious freedom is found in the Constitution and thus cannot be ignored, and the SC's ruling in Hobby Lobby and other cases shows it recognizes the importance of religious freedom. The defense of the country is considered a primary function of the state, yet the law allows conscientious objectors to avoid being drafted. So too, we can have a few conscientious objectors to the same-sex marriage laws without returning to blacks-only lunch counters.  The argument against religious freedom is always that it will lead to anarchy--but so far it hasn't. Most people have adjusted to same-sex couples. If a few don't, the country won't come to an end.
While you may in general be correct, a logical extension of the SCOTUS Title VII interpretation would extend coverage to the trans-gendered community. However, SCOTUS did not extend coverage to the trans-gendered community. It is not the place of the executive branch to formalize this extension into law. That is the place of Congress, the legislative branch. It is an overreach and a power grab by Obama and the executive branch. I am not advocating for the trans-gendered community to be left unprotected. Congress should do their job and act.
So you're saying that even when people are being targeted for a specific human trait- be it their race, or sexuality or anything else, the government shouldn't address that matter directly. Instead it should issue a generic plea for everyone to play nice.  So when gays are being targeted and murdered, the government shouldn't condemn violence against gays. And if Jews were being targeted and murdered, the government shouldn't condemn anti-Semitism. No matter how bad it gets against a specific group, you feel the government should just issue a bland statement against discrimination of any kind.  I believe that's insufficient. When we see violence and hatred directed against gays we condemn violence and hatred towards gays, while denouncing discrimination in general. When we see Jews being targeted by violence and hatred we condemn violence and hatred against Jews, while denouncing all forms of discrimination. That's what M-103 does concerning violence and hatred towards Muslims.
so many of these kinds of folks are former Society of St. Pius X, we have then here in Kansas.   they are more cult-like than Catholic.  they are scary people.  and their parishes tend to be very separatist.  not good folks.   and the gay couple has a right to be concerned.
My impoverished mother scraped to send my brother and I to Catholic schools whenever we lived near one. They were rigid, & not much room for reflection or self-expression; But the academic, ruler and yardstick discipline - and no girls - did help me learn to focus academically.   However, I've no empathy for this decision - and I might feel differently if the sexual misbehavior of so many priests hadn't put the Church in the position of the child-molesting pot calling the homosexual-lesbian kettle black. The Juneau Chapel is a locals & tourists quiet spot of beauty and tranquility. If they don't want Alaskans or visitors of other faiths or of non-heterosexual preferences to use the Catholic Chapel itself for ceremonies - I can understand that - to a degree..  But the grounds could certainly accommodate a roofed/open deck for others to engage in positive spiritual sharing on occasion. The Bishop's stance would be quietly clear, yet the Shrine still be spiritually welcoming place to all.
Thanks and btw-absolutely agree he should go to the school board, although it is fairly likely they will not allow comments from the parents. The school boards screen the little cards they tell folks to fill out pre-public session, and then do not give the person their 3 minutes, telling them "sorry, no time, please reschedule" - month after month after month. I have observed that in person time and time again, watching that type thing occur over and over if it is a topic the school board is unwilling to talk about, or have go public. ---- This is the post I responded to btw:  "Need reliable evidence that they talked about gay oral sex in your daughter's class. Your word is not to be trusted."
The pope has no authority to determine who is or is not pro-life.  Most Catholics ignore the pope on a range of issues, anyway.  The libs ignore him on abortion and homosexuality and the cons ignore him on social justice and immigration.  They cancel each other out.  By the way, I ignore him on everything.  :-)
IRT FastEddie, agree with your post.  The Congress must repeal such nonsense where citizens (tax payers) must pay for any transgender surgery.  For some reason Congress and Hawaii born ex-president Obama created another human form besides a man and a woman.  Auwe.
--What is a "good read" about this .......  "Homosexuality, a perversion which has been institutionalized in the United States and abroad, has an unrelenting corruptive effect on the family and civilized society, especially the corruption of traditional sexual mores and sexual practices by its unrestricted pursuit of pleasure.     The plain and simple truth is that the larger the number of homosexuals in the diocesan clergy and religious life, the larger the number of pederasts, and the larger the number of young male victims, many of whom will succumb themselves to the homosexual death style."--
Of course I wouldn't, but it wouldn't be because of transgender people; it would be because of a possible priest in there.
My Angry little Buddy Allan Ross.   1. Erica told me that you fell of the float at the Gay Pride parade and were run over by the Dickie-Dee truck. Then you were off the forum for a few years with your injuries. A fact. So I simply explained this in a way that was respectful to you.   2. Surely you remember the school psychologist from the Brandon School Board? Since that point I tried to help you.  Allan I think of you as a friend, bury the hatchet.
I've never heard of a straight church employee who was fired from his or her job for being in an "irregular marriage" (i.e. One not validated by the church) and I daresay the same is true for nearly everyone who comments here. If you say it happens then please provide evidence. I could go online right now and find dozens of examples of gay people getting fired. So go ahead - prove that what you say is true.
"Nothing like this will ever happen in a RC parish."  Well, naturally it won't. The Episcopal Church allows same sex marriages and allows its gay clergy to marry, have lovers move into their rectories, etc. The CC does not. Such stories of frailty and disclosure only strengthen the Episcopal Church's  acceptance of same sex marriage among its clergy. Endurance in both churches comes from enduring their respective beliefs, doctrines on marriage. Catholic teaching at a CC parish, however, should not have to lose its moral weight or doctrine in Episcopal hands -- in the comparison, especially since the example doesn't really reach the heart of the thing compared between the churches.
A third reason is that the bakers actually care for the souls of the gay couple and refuse to bake the cake out of fraternal correction.  In Christianity, as the kids now say, we have an app for that.  It is the 18th Chapter of Matthew.  First you quietly admonish them, then add two or three witnesses and then refer to matter to the whole Church (who in my view should be performing the wedding).  When Jesus mentioned the Church, he meant the whole assembly, not just pastor (or overseer or bishop, there were no parish priests or diocese, just communities).  If the person ignores even these, they are to be treated as you treat the heathen and the publican.  Of course, Jesus was known for dining with heathens and publicans, so bake the cake.
Didn't know and not surprised in the slightest.  I'm worried that PET Jr. will find out that Obama dropped the Palestinians $221M in the last minutes of his term and will try to outdo it because UN seat, virtue-signalling, feminism, LGBTQ rights, and all that.
Portia, this has nothing to do with "chromosomal abnormalities".  That's a completely separate issue.  [As an observation, genetics is far more complex than the stuff we were all taught in grade school (much of which was wrong in any case).  There are XX males and XY females (fact is, a disproportionate percentage of female models are actually XY).]  But back to the topic - sex and gender are not the same thing.  People use the terms interchangeably in common speech but the medical and scientific communities differentiate between the two.    http://www.med.monash.edu.au/gendermed/sexandgender.html  As for therapy, it's impossible to align a transgendered individual's mind with their body.  Any treatment has to be physical.  If you're not aware of it, in a number of jurisdictions (including Ontario) it's illegal to subject minors to "conversion therapy" (a blanket term for any treatment that's intended to change an individual's gender identity or sexual orientation).  It doesn't work.
Please do tell us about the "many priests who are themselves gay men and in open active non-celebate (sic) relationships"....  I think the Church would want to know about the many open relationships.  Or are you just spreading rumors?
Not at all.  NCR makes a habit of denigrating those who hew to Catholic teaching on homosexuality.  That African Catholics follow the Church on this is no secret.  It is therefore interesting to imagine NCR and its fans celebrating these true Catholics while ignoring (or maybe even oblivious to) the huge white elephant.  An African Archbishop has urged parishioners that "Marriage of persons of the same sex is a serious crime against humanity. We need to stand up to combat it with all our energy."  Correctamundo.  It is not by nature, but by indoctrination, that Western society, slipping deeper into a cultural bog, is on this self-destructive course.
Besides, the Pentagon spends ten times as much on Viagra as on transgender medical coverage. - a very shifty comment Dear shiftless2 care to give us the money figure? so many millions spent of viagra and so many millions spent on transgender medical? if you don't then are you making it up?
3.) It is not only gay Catholics and their families who must think through their relationship with the church. We all must do so. I am unwilling to leave; but I am also unwilling to remain silent about the faults and failures of the church. I continue to attend daily Mass, but a year ago, I reluctantly reduced my financial support for the church.  4.)We cannot shrink from this truth: The problem is not the bishop of Madison; it is not even canon law. The problem is that the teaching of the church about human sexuality is profoundly, scandalously inadequate. By resisting the insights of the social, biological and theological sciences and especially by dismissing the experience of women and men, the official teaching has descended into irrelevancy. We have the tools to renew the teaching in a way that honors scripture and tradition and embraces the insights of scholarship and experience. The failure to do that is the real scandal, and the root of other scandals.
Facebook revealed on Sept. 6 that it had found 470 pages and profiles linked to the Russian troll farm known as the Internet Research Agency. Facebook on Monday turned over more than 3,000 of the Russia-linked advertisements from its site over to the Senate and House intelligence committees.  The ads and accounts were created to push false information and lies in order to amplify divisive political issues across the political spectrum, including gun rights, gay rights issues and the Black Lives Matter movement.
So it's not enough to just treat gay people fairly & equally, you also have to "be ready to give up some cash". To whom, exactly? Because "here's some money, go buy yourself something fabulous" to a random gay person seems worse, not better.  The excesses of liberalism that this author preaches are probably doing more to fuel reactionary responses than actually improve the world.
It's the rare person, cis or trans, man or woman, who would leave a job just to see if they could make it in the private sector.  The incentive of a new, life-changing challenge, doesn't pay the bills.
Perhaps not.  Perhaps your Freud is out of date.   It's like the homosexuals who try to say that heteros are merely latent!
Elizabeth, have you ever built anything, like a piece of furniture, in your life?   Did you follow the directions, or just follow your feelings on how you wanted things to work given your emotions?  How did that work out for you?  The compatibility of the male and female genitals does certainly include shape, but it also includes things like compatible excretion glans, aligned nerve centers, where things fit together and this correct fit is designed to cause mutual pleasure simultaneously as part of their compatibility.   Without getting too graphic, this is part of the beauty of male and female sexual compatibility.    This mutual working together is inherent in their function, not secondary.   When homosexuals engage in mutual masturbation, this same type of complementarity is absent.    They often have to involve many extra devices, lubrications and methods to try to simulate what is inherent in the sexual coupling of a man and woman.
I was thinking of any specific condemnation of homosexuality in Scripture. The coast is now free to argue for a doctrinal development that would allow gays access to the honor of matrimony at least in an analogous or participatory sense, building on gay-friendly texts in Scripture such as the tale of David and Jonathan.
Point 1:  You are correct that Catholicism sees homosexual unions as against natural law. However,  natural law is malarkey. Your other four bulleted points are merely your opinions, not facts. You cannot provide proof for any of them because they are opinions.  Your last two statements are also opinions, and to them I say, "So what."
You've seen the blueprint, haven't you? God's archetypal design for the human sexual binary? Where else could such detailed knowledge have come? I have news for you : like the 'Hitler Diaries', it's a hilarious forgery.  Did it never occur to you that the nonsense you have posted, together with all the homophobic humbug written or preached by others, can induce self-loathing in LGBT folk (especially, youth) and communal hatred towards them? That these aren't greater factors in those 'stats' you mentioned?   There is absolutely nothing intrinsic to homosexuality that could induce the behaviours you refer to. No; that comes from without. From people like you.
Concerning the statement that no reports of in proper bathroom use have been made in Anchorage, I was at the Target on Muldoon and attempted to take my 18 month old daughter into the WOMEN'S bathroom when a 6 foot tall, bearded male wearing a plaid shirt and carhartt pants came out of a stall laughing to himself. This was clearly not a transgender woman. The bathroom smelled absolutely vile and I will never go back to that business again. My infant daughter doesn't need to be exposed to that, I didn't need to be exposed to that. Mind you, changing stations for diapers are often in common areas of public restrooms rather than located inside stalls. Mothers changing their babies diapers shouldn't have to worry if someone abusing this rule is going to be hiding in the bathroom for whatever nasty purpose they have.
I wonder if we did a full tally who would be the "role model" party for philandering? I'd say both would come off looking pretty bad, with some (from my perspective) bonus points for the improbably large group of God-fearing, anti-gay marriage Republicans caught with lithe younger men.
So if you are not in lock-step with 100% of a churches theology you should stay home? Should this apply to all engagements a human being might be a part of? If my meet-up group has a couple republicans in it, should I boycott all meet-ups? If my gay partner disagrees me on the CRC should I leave them? Obviously flawed reasoning.
Discrimination and commerce don't go together. Running a business is not a right, it's something the community grants you on the assumption that you will follow the laws outlined by it. This man's community prohibits discrimination against gays. He is in the wrong.   If he wants to discriminate against gay people, perhaps he should form a private club or administer a church that holds the same values. If he wants to run a business, he needs to be willing to follow their laws, not the other way around.
Elise gives a number of logical answers to questions posed by the "majority" society.  We don't have to like or even agree with her logic, but it certainly makes sense.  So, if it's my attitude / comfort zone that needs expanding, I'm fine with maturing.    If a store wishes to open restrooms to all genders, then just give me (a male) some privacy.  Remove the open-space urinals in the men's room with cubicles, and I'll adapt.  That would also remove the issue with any straight-pervs who might look forward to having a female entering "his" private space.    In several countries I've visited, bathrooms are not separated according to gender.  I admit to being a bit embarrassed and startled sharing a "public" restroom with another gender; but it's a cultural issue and I think I'm mature enough to handle change.    Would it be too much to ask that a third, separate bathroom be designated for, say, handicapped and/or transgendered?  Fred Meyer has a "family room"  that could be resigned?
Okay to a point ... a person should be held accountable if they are exposing hate speech.   I agree, but should one be tolerant to an intolerant society or should they voice their opinion?  Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the West) tolerate another culture's intolerance.  If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity.
I am scrathing my head here, Charles the title says why, but this article mearly talks about him. I attended his school at 13, and I can say shortly after leaving I got it, there was a lot of brainwashinga and manipulation maybe even lying. This is man who says " because I am a Christian", really? Yeah who lives in a huge mansion behind a 8ft fence with a guard dog and huge shop and airplanes to boot.     Look I won't get into the debate about what the bible says about homsexuality but that sentitment is rooted in selective literalism. There are many, many things the Old Testiment says that Christians ignore every day. Crops, clothing, heck the sabbath, so get real. Christians are follwers of the teachings of Jesus, guess what he said about homsexuality.....that's right nothing.
imagine, if the gay community was as militant and zealous about defining, demanding and defending they're rights as Americans as these good end times Christians prophesizing Armageddon.  there would be rivers of blood.   the thought of losing the ability to deny the rights of a group of people, the thought that gays could push legislation to deny you freedoms long taken for granted as divine and not given by man... gives you an aneurysm.   ...just the thought.    the irony.  "patriotism" is relative.
Dartford is south east crouch end is north London now we got geography sorted!! To be honest all I really know about Anglican/Coe is their Protestant have women priests & now women bishops also gay vicars are very open & live with their partners openly. I'm a catholic since birth with Irish family hence why all my family are RC. To be honest I really am not anti gay live & let live but I don't want ssm in the RCC nor do I ever want to see women priests in the RCC. After a lot of soul searching I've reached this conclusion. I will still attend my parish even though it's NO it's a good one we still say many prayers in Latin end all masses with St Michael prayer In uk the Coe is still snobby I feel, it's still law that no member of royal family can marry a RC! Even in the 21st century! TBH I'm fed up with sedes R&R sspx all of them I'm gonna stop being influenced by things on social media practice my faith what will be will be! Thanks for your time & God bless you sir.
May I ask what Viagra has to do with the Trans situation? And since you are talking about Viagra and costs, how much is spent on each trans person vs how much is spent on viagra per person?
Being transgender is no longer seen as a mental illness. I love your quick ability to tell people what they "should" do.
The wrong-winger hysteria over transgenders needing to use public bathrooms will end up just like the anti-same-sex marriage ban. Kaput :-)
Quote from the article:  The bishops saw the "culture of death" in broader terms than an exclusive concern with abortion laws and in vitro fertilization. Why can't Gallagher?  Gallagher may get some of his thinking by watching what the bishops spend their time and political capital on - abortion and contraceptives, fighting gay marriage, and creating the idea that religious freedom includes the employers' right to coerce employees to live by religious rules of the employer and the right for those in the market places to choose the clients they will serve based on their sexuality.    I wonder if bishops realize they are championing the right of the monied class to control others.  It is the capitalist version of "divine right of kings".  What issues did the bishops champion in the U.S. political theater, which did they focus on in making clear what politicians they supported?  Gallagher got his cues from them.    OTOH, I applaud the new vigor in the bishops support for immigrants.
Yes, and rational discourse says "let them bury their dead, don't trot out your fear and loathing of gays so that the grieving friends and family should feel worse".
If the police did not participate in the parade they'd be criticized for being unsupportive at best and homophobic at worst.  However, when they did participate in the parade a fringe group managed to bully the LGBTQ community into banning the police.  It's a crazy world we live in.
"So what happened....sometime before or after 1970" I don't think gay people marching for equal rights, women marching for equal pay for equal work, the Denver Broncos being blown out of the Super Bowl, polyester leisure suits, or disco music caused such a disruption that a shooter four decades later would engage in a mass shooting. Well, except for maybe the last two items on my list.
how many times do  I have to remind progressive leftists  refugee means you are fleeing persecution  you are a political dissident, or prisoner or fleeing gay persecution etc  not every economic migrant is a refugee  why are leftists so easily fooled and naive
F to M trans individuals are hugely overrepresented in the military, it's almost a default career choice. What better way to express your newfound masculinity than by joining the army?
Betty, I heard Bill Donohue on a recent EWTN radio report state that there were (from my memory) 23 accusations and 2 actual cases in that (or similar?) time frame. Of course, he and Arroyo pushed the "it's only those homosexual corrupt priests" angle.  While I believe your figures, the information out there is frighteningly diffuse, and we continue have all conversation (and conversion) undermined by alternative facts.
Seems like Ms. Inkman has a history with the Clergy. Why on earth would she want her "daughter" to go to a Catholic School when she clearly does not believe in their beliefs on sexual orientation ?  http://www.advocate.com/news/2003/08/30/catholic-school-wont-admit-lesbian-couples-daughter-9726  I don't disagree with her on the Mackay sentencing, but these are confusing times we live in.
Agree with John Tory.  This is a set backwards.  A lot of goodwill on both sides has enabled the gay community and the police to reach a better understanding and tolerance of each other.  It is not perfect, but it is much improved.  By comparison, BLM comes across as an angry radical group that exists to oppose and appears to be void of any goodwill or empathy.  They are bound and determined to disrupt and interrupt everyone else's lives to promote their cause.  Lets face it.  This is the pride parade.  It is about the LGBT community.  It is not about race. BLM has successfully hijacked another group's event in a selfish attempt to advance their issues.  Their cause might have some merit, but it is not their time or their place.  How would you feel if the oppressed Palestinians tried to interrupt and block last weekend's Women's March on Washington.  Same thing.  Not the time or the place.
So if gays cannot be clergy, does that mean a gay man who is ordained is not a priest?  Or does his priesthood only last until he is caught and removed?  And how does this apply to bishops and popes?
It's not over yet: Read the last part and see how the issue of Homosexuality has been craftily counter-run by GHWB since at least '69 and how that led into the blackmail used on Conservative Birthers  was a Sting on the Demo-Commies: http://rickahyatt.blogspot.com/2017/03/open-letter-sen-enzi-now-i-remember.html
"it is an impossibility, it doesn't exist." If same-sex marriage doesn't exist, why are Real Catholics and the Holy Oligarchs obsessed with it? An obsession with something that doesn't exist is usually evidence of serious psychological imbalance.
No, I am simply asking a question, based on my belief that homophobia is inherently unchristian.
Well, good for us.  I know it rankles some that this was being done "in secret" but it seems that was the only way to help.  Some who helped Jews escape persecution in WWII worked in secret as well - and are now considered heroes.  Does seem a bit short term though - what's the remedy for those still left in Chechnya or being born gay today?
Dr. Dao's past history does play a significant role as it establishes his trustworthiness, integrity and his character especially as a licensed doctor that the general public is supposed to trust! But the facts contradict his integrity as Dr. Dao is a convicted criminal for trading narcotics, prescriptions and cash for gay sex in motels. Given his past it wouldn't surprise me if Dao intentionally played the entire situation to game it for a massive payout knowing that airlines have deep pockets. No different than staged car accidents or slip-and-fall staged accidents to collect big $$$ other con-artists play.     You can read more about Dao's criminal past in more detail on the NY Post: http://nypost.com/2017/04/11/doctor-dragged-off-flight-convicted-of-trading-drugs-for-sex/
No supporting gay culture in our Church! In this merry and joyous Christmas season, we can start by putting "The Nutcracker" on the Index of prohibited things. And so much more!  They use both "so-called" and quotation marks. They forgot the [sic].  What a horrid and ghastly display of fear and rot.
If the person does custom work as their business, and it's common practice, and the design requested falls within other similar designs they have made in the past, then the business has no right to refuse service.  If the cake the couple was requesting was to be designed in some unique way or use a special ingredient that this Baker does not normally use, THEN he has a right to refuse.  In this case, this guy was just refusing to sell his normal products to this couple because they are gay.
If they're silent, they're not giving scandal, are they?  But that really wasn't your point.  I think you just wanted to remark that some priests and religious might be gay...  ..and being gay, of course (although you neglect to mention it) is NOT reason to deny a public funeral.
I would guess that homosexuals have "been harmed" more than the "harm they've caused" because of their sexual orientation by probably a 1000 to 1 ratio.  Always There simply states his uncle will be punished by God.....Frankly, what anyone does with another consenting adult is, to me, entirely their business.  Yet, the conservative Christians, in their self-righteousness, just can leave it alone.  Goodness, guys, aren't there more important issues facing the world?  Gary Crum
Being a gay man I can speak out that without Francis  I would not be able to receive the body and blood of Jesus.  I am sorry but the new Cardinal Archbishop of Newark, Tobin , personally helped refugees to resettle in Indiana.  Please  do some research and you will find there are many bishops and priests willing to follow the actions of Jesus, the Son of God.  Mercy, Forgiveness and Love for those is need. I will agree that in the past many priests, pedophiles abused children.   I think we are now living in a period of time that pedophiles will not be able to attack the young.  We are more aware and all parents are more aware to protect their children.  But of course nothing is foolproof. Please do not attack NCR.
Good, I am in agreement with Trump on this one. Obama's directives were clearly a federal overreach; hinging funding of universities on universities allowing anybody to use any bathroom. It is simply inappropriate for *men* to be in women's rooms with teenage girls. Yes this is supposedly an "old fashioned" or "conservative" position and it is the correct one.   If you have male parts, use the men's rooms. If you have female parts, use the women's rooms. It's pretty simple. If a transgender person has gone ahead and received "re-assignment" surgery, then they may use the bathroom that matches their new assignment.
Not only is the gay rights movement (gay agenda) upfront in its desire to legitimize sex with children, (NAMBLA in the "Pride" parades etc) no matter how you crunch the numbers whether it be by population reports of molestation, pedophile convictions, or teacher-pupil assaults, there is a strong, disproportionate association between child molestation and homosexuality. The assertion by gay leaders and others that a homosexual is less likely than a heterosexual to molest children is patently false.
Wiki as a source of two universities as a source?  For Oregon, my sources 'Trump' your sources.  "Oregon also  "in the 1920s and 1930s, the Board of Eugenics extended its reach to orphanages and state-run homes for juvenile delinquents."  "Homosexual political and cultural scandals in Portland incited widespread outrage to homosexuality (Largent, p. 195), and as seen as a mental illness in the United States until the 1960s, was included under the charge of eugenics proponents. This led to a greater use of castration in Oregon as opposed to vasectomy, which is a much less invasive surgery, rather than just wanting to prevent the spread of unfavorable traits "authorities wanted to unsex them" (Largent, p. 205)."  http://www.uvm.edu/~lkaelber/eugenics/OR/OR.html  There isn't enough lipstick for this Oregon pig to be acceptable, I don't care how much you don't want to admit our past.
He may have said it's against his religious beliefs but for all we know, that means he didn't want to create a cake with a gay theme because it would not meet his personal cake design style. Wholly valid in my opinion. But we don't really know do we?  How do you feel about Nazi symbolism on a cake or those parents that named their kid after a prominent Nazi and could not get a cake made for his birthday?  Personally, I would not help a guitar student write a gay jingle because that is not my style and it would violate my right to free speech. And there is nothing anyone could do to make me.
I picked up on the phrase because you wrote "...what you call 'in your face'..." but I never wrote that.   Still, I don't think you explained what you disagree with in my post. Instead you use an example that is extreme and offensive be it coming from a gay  or a straight individual. Yet, when a gay person is the one that gives the offensive details, you use it to paint all gay people. Would you judge all straight people from an offensive example of a straight individual?   Both those who support gay rights and those who don't have had fair opportunities to present their arguments in the public arena. I think it is clear that the supporters of gay rights are winning that debate. I don't see any indications this will change.  Tri, many don't share your view of sin. And, I agree, I don't see you changing your mind about the validity of gay relationships. Yet, my hope is that, even with holding onto your position, you would honor building fair arguments. This I don't think you have done.
Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the West) tolerate another culture's intolerance.  If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity.   And we need to say unambiguously to Muslims living in the West: If you want to live in our societies, to share in their material benefits, then you need to accept that our freedoms are not optional. They are the foundation of our way of life; of our civilization – a civilization that learned, slowly and painfully, not to burn heretics, but to honor them.
Viagra can help biological males who are Transitioning/Gay etc.
So I wonder Bill, if the candidate has deep-seated heterosexual tendencies, does that mean they should be banned as well? Obviously, as things stand, Priests are to be celibate, so what difference would it make if they had heterosexual tendencies or homosexual tendencies as long as they follow the rules?
Mention was made of wanting to include other minority,  religious, gay and transgender individuals in the marches, but I haven't seen anything.  C'mon, women, you want others there or are you just having a private party?  There must  be a good community organizer out there somewhere? Did hear about one about one guy about to lose his job.  Tall hapa guy with the cool wife. ...
Could it be that you reject the idea that lack of hospitality was the actual "sin of Sodom" because you want to believe that your loathing of homosexuals is based on the Bible?
Anti LGBT "agenda"?  What "agenda" is that exactly?  It's such a nuisance to provide equal rights to everyone, isn't it?  Especially when you don't like someone.
Every Texan and Republican should be blessed with a gay son or daughter, or with a transgender child. We can only hope they would love them equally.
I feel the need to address myself as a gay person for the simple reason that I am gay, and while I would rather not be defined solely by my sexuality, it's mostly other people who do that for me. And I am well aware of the church's retrograde teaching on the subject, thank you very much, and don't need you or anybody else to remind me of it like a Sunday school teacher. My witness in this world as a gay Catholic is to challenge what I see as bad teaching, long held, which, while traditional, is very destructive for the lives and sanity of millions of people, especially young children. The church has believed and taught many tertiary things throughout its history that it has long since abandoned, though on the primary tenets of the faith enshrined in the creeds it has remained rightfully firm in its belief, and I am right there with the church on those matters all the way. I am prepared to let the Lord judge me as  I am. I don't need you or anyone else to do his job for him.
Apparently Marty E. you are not familiar with what therapy can and can not do.  When I was a seminarian over 50% of my fellow seminarians were indeed gay and today these men that are themselves very gay are now "against" the ordination of gay candidates.  Good luck guys.  I quit because of such hypocrisy.  Glad I did!!!
The problem isn't that he engages with the gay community. The problem is that he does little else.
There is no way I WON'T vote for Johnson this year. He and his VP have a better track record of supporting civil rights, like gay rights etc, than democrats. They've also got a better track record of reduced spending and small government than republicans. I don't see how they don't appeal to every single true American out there.
Morals=natural law and reason. Heresy=dissent on divine belief as agreed to by whole Church. Reason says homosexuality is not sinful in marriage. Adultery is sinful but sex after divorce in a marriage is not adultery if it was not the cause of the divore. Abortion is sinful, but the civil law question is complicated. Cohabitation is marriage for many._Doctrine=brand_identity.
"Some argued for a faithful adherence to the long traditions of church teaching on questions about marriage, divorce and annulment; about couples and families in “irregular situations”; about how to embrace our family members who are gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender; yes, about the nitty-gritty of family life in the early 21st century. "  That is 47 words when only one is needed: Chastity.
Ad, it's well known ISIS and other groups have used the porous borders to get into the US.  It's also well known that border enforcement has been turned back HARD.  Your rhetoric about followers of Yeshua is also very telling, and blindly hateful.   When was the last time you heard of a Baptist with an explosive belt going into a gay pride parade yelling, "PRAISE THE LORD" as he murdered hundreds?  Or how about Pentecostals beheading young boys who refuse to recant their faith?  How many gays have been thrown off buildings by a Methodist deacon?  Moral equivalency is illogical here.
Neoliberals are big business Democrats like the Clintons, supporters of corporations and Wall Street, who believe in deregulation, corporate enabling "free trade" globalization, cutting entitlements, putting more people in jail, incremental change (at best) and constant war. They have abandoned the old Democratic working-class base in favor of the upper middle professional class. Thomas Frank covers their sorry history in his recent book "Listen Liberal", which I highly recommend.   Neoliberals are liberal on social issues -- abortion, gay marriage, etc. -- but conservative on economic and foreign policy issues. They practice identity politics, and basically support the status quo.  I have been paying serious attention to US politics since the mid 1960s. I wish more people would. There is a great knowledge deficit among the US population. People are believing what makes them feel good, instead of looking at what Noam Chomsky would call the "actually existing" US politics.
You just failed the first basic rule of interpreting the bible.  Context. Context. Context. Jesus was speaking to JEWS when he said those words.  To see what the Apostles finally decided that Gentile Believers needed to obey from the law, read Acts 15 and 21. "19“Therefore it is my judgment that we do not trouble those who are turning to God from among the Gentiles, 20but that we write to them that they abstain from things contaminated by idols and from fornication and from what is strangled and from blood".  Notice that it says that Believers are to abstain from sexual immorality (porneia).  It really says nothing about baking a wedding cake for a homosexual couple.  In my opinion, that does not exercise the Second Greatest Commandment as voiced by Christ, nor does it employ The Golden Rule.  What would it look like if I, in my capacity as a Police Officer said to a homosexual couple, "I am sorry, but I really cannot protect or serve you because you are homosexuals"?
LGBTQ people are finding themselves increasingly uncomfortable with the cultural relativists and reflexive cop haters that are the queen bees in the progressive group-think hive. I'm sure some will be angry upon being reminded of the inconvenient truths in Shawn Ahmed's article.  Let's hope it triggers thinking and reflection.
I picture the scene from Ace Ventura and understand why some women might feel uncomfortable. Forcing women to be in the company of male genitals at a spa is a bit much (no offence to the transgender lady but I would assume some women just aren't comfortable with mr. winky in that setting).
Notice how Trudeau was silent at the protest of women in Iran who were being clubbed for refusing to cover their hair. Why is it that the Globe is incapable of addressing the issue at hand - political Islam or the idea of society governed by religion. There are 57 members of the OIC at the UN, should Canada attempt to accommodate symbols of a belief system that are only common where gender equality, press freedom, LGBT rights, and freedom of expression (religious satire) are non-existent?  The Globe is incapable of taking a position on Islamism, why is that? Trudeau's position is equivalent to arguing why can't Quebec be more like certain suburbs of Paris... because most Canadians don't support social regression paraded as hashtag diversity.
I'm more worried about fundamentalist Christian types who want to impose Christian Sharia law here in the USA, eg denial of equal protections for gay persons in work, housing, medical & personal relationships, etc ...
Greetings.....beyond the religious hatred, homosexuals have been persecuted,  hunted and murdered by the thousands in our so called civil countries for centuries!  By Paprocki calling gay lives immoral he is adding fuel to this hideous anti gay adgenda!  Stop the Hatred!!
I still find it very funny that a bakery can be fined for failing to bake a wedding cake for a same sex couple, when same sex marriages were illegal in that state at the time.  The state and other keep referring to it as a wedding cake.  Maybe someone can explain this to me.  Would not it be appropriate to say that I cannot bake you a wedding cake because same sex marriages are illegal.
What we really need to talk about is how a certain religion treats women as second class citizens (will not lot them drive, makes them wear head scarves, doesn't let them out without their brother or father) and we need to talk about a certain religion that thinks it is OK to throw gays off buildings.  That religion is Islam.  So, let's talk about it!
Hey, I totally support Marshall in his views, I simply don't support his vehicle for expressing his views. Many entertainers do in fact express their views, however, entertainers employed by mega corporations are typically not allowed to go off script to advance their own political views. If Superman's Christopher Reeves had decided to wear pink leotards to support breast cancer awareness for the movie Or Sylvester Stalone had wrapped himself with a rainbow LGBT flag in Rocky, would either have been fired or edited out or both? The point is, if every entertainer of an organized sport, event, show or function were allowed to do their political thing during the "performance" they were contracted to do, then not much of it would be worth watching. I do agree about the commercials but I would much rather see an athlete pay $$ for a 30 second commercial to express his views than to do it during the show. I mean what's next, political slogans and symbols on the uniforms over team colors?
I disagree.  I can't imagine why Judge Gorsuch would opine or write on bestiality.  But then I can't imagine such a case coming before the Supreme Court .... yet.  Generally those of us schooled in natural law would approach a topic like assisted suicide similarly.  However, like Scalia, Judge Gorsuch has made a clear distinction between his personal reasoning and what the Constitution and other laws require.  For example, Scalia refused to oppose abortion IN HIS DECISIONS on any natural law theories, but argued that constitutionally those decisions belonged with the state.  The headline "Oxford scholar who was mentor to Neil Gorsuch compared gay sex to bestiality" makes clear the purpose of the article, which is a well-assembled and written smear.  But those are just my suspicions.
Another point, just for thought... The baker didn't refuse service to a person or persons; he refused to make a cake for a specific function.  I'm sure that he would sell a gay person a birthday cake, but he wouldn't sell a straight person (for example, the mother of one of the people getting married) a cake for a gay wedding.  There's no indication that he's discriminating against the customer, only that he wouldn't make a cake for a certain type of function.  Can a wedding cake policy be discriminatory?  We'll find out soon enough in court, I suppose.
"with some accusing him of writing homophobic and misogynistic verses."  I'm not commenting on the issue at hand either way; but in the interest of journalistic honesty and integrity, I think it's disingenuous to simply say "some accused him" ... just look at the lyrics he's written: They ARE homophobic and misogynistic, it's not just an accusation. That's like saying someone CLAIMS two plus two equals four. It DOES equal 4. Saying someone claims it is just meant to make the reader think it's not really true, just an accusation.
"Queer" means either L,G,B,T or any combination of these. Strange and odd indeed.
The LGBT lifestyle isn't for me, but who am I to say it isn't OK. Westboro members should be listed as a terrorist organization. They picket our soldiers funerals - the ones that were killed protecting this great country of ours.  They picked the wrong state to try their BS.   As a joke I was thinking of printing the LGBT Flag with Westboro Baptist Church Supports LGBT on it and passing them out... But I figured APD already has enough on their hands.
Federal budget vows $100-million for strategy on gender-based violence after Globe 'unfounded' investigation --------  does this include transgendered and gay violence? can the PM office clarify ?
I wonder if these directives will apply to those many priests who are themselves gay men and in open active non-celebate relationships?  This is the epitome of American church hierarchy hypocrisy.  The bishop of Springfield (IL) is a canon lawyer.  Was promoted by C George of Chicago for the position.  Never served a day in any Chicago parish.  The poster boy for clericalism.  Don't know about Morlino.  Canon lawyers should not be ordained bishops.
I hope our Russian allies invade Europe. I want to see Russian soldiers in the cafes of Paris, barking "bistro! bistro!" at the waiters, demanding their coffee or their apertif right now! I want to see pretty German girls strolling along the Rhine, arm in arm with their Russian boyfriends, describing how the German men all became homosexuals. And best of all, thanks to the Trumpster, the USA won't be involved.
2. “Who are these electors? What are their names?”  IF you really want to know, a simple Google search will provide the answers.  https://www.sos.wa.gov/elections/civics/electoral-college.aspx  3. “What religion are they? What do they think about climate change, globalization, monetary policy, abortion or gay rights?”  These questions are totally irrelevant. 4. “True, the Electoral College works just fine as designed, and it is what the framers intended, but it doesn’t mean it’s what’s best for us today.” The author admits that the Electoral College works just fine as designed yet fails, or is unwilling, to comprehend that the Electoral College was established by the framers of the Constitution as a compromise between those who wanted elections of the President by Congress and those who wanted elections of the President by popular vote.
I left the Church (or rather the Church left me 10 years ago when I came out).  I decided not to waste a day of my spiritual life waiting on the Catholic Church to see through the smoke and change its teaching.  I'm at peace with my understanding of Jesus, and how His ministry accepted homosexuality, and was nonplussed by it; how it was a non-issue for Him; how being gay was as consequential to Him as a person's hair color or height.  Hundreds of years from now, I suspect that the Church will eventually embrace the LGBT community.    I know God does and that's all I need in my life.  I will praise His name and do his work here on earth, and look forward to the day when I can serve Him in heaven.
And there's the issue.  Instead of exercising his beliefs in his own life, the baker had to tell the gay couple that his beliefs are OK and the couple's were not.  Thanks for clarifying the failure of the baker.
My point was quite clear and had nothing to do with abortion. I have written about abortion in this thread and if you want to respond, go to the appropriate paragraph, but don't justify ignoring my points by addressing an area not mentioned.   To unpack it my words for you, the bishops are afraid of gay marriage for a very selfish reason. The model of their authority is hierarchial marriage. If marriage is no longer hierarchical, then there is no justification for their lording their power over us like the gentiles do Wait, there is no justification for that anyway, according to Jesus. That is why Francis scares them.
I'm still convinced Francis is reserving the 'commode' punishment for Burke. Tied naked to a toilet and dragged through the streets of Malta. That's what they did to transgressors in the 14th century and that's what they should do to people who behave as if they still live in the 14th century. Then donate his cappa magna to a gay theatre group and send him back to the United States as a punishment to the citizens there for electing Donald Trump. 😱
You think the USCCB would choose a transgender woman as a shill?
I too wish you would get the help you need to live comfortably with your latent homosexuality. Closets are for clothes, Eddie. It's mentally unhealthy to suppress your desires to the point that they become clear to others though projection.
But...but...but...they are closed on Sundays and protest gay marriage.  They must wallow in morality!  This is surely a mistake.
This study, by Bell and Weinberg, not Bell and Howell, is grossly out of date and not considered representative. Nobody quotes it anymore except the religious right because nobody knows anyone with 1000 partners. In 2010, when the major dating site OKCupid published the results of its survey of 4 million users, there was "only a one percentage point difference between heterosexuals and homosexuals in their promiscuity: 98% of gay people have had 20 or fewer sexual partners; 99% of straight people have had the same number."   You said: "Worth adding now is that it [sterility] is probably that futility that drives so many homosexual men to the arms of so many strangers."   Your assertion is breathtaking, especially considering how little you actually know about the topic. At the very least, your insights are hurtful, given the number of LGBT people who post here.
When I need to use a public bathroom, I do not care who else is in there. I go into a stall and lock the door. I don't know and I don't care who is in the other stalls in the bathroom (unless the odor of what they are doing is offensive). I am a heavy set, older woman with a mustache, should I carry my birth certificate with me to prove that I am a woman? Are there going to people checking everyone at the door? Who will be required to show a birth certificate? Everyone or just "suspicious" people? I know some transgender people who look far more like the gender with which they identify than they do the gender with which they are born. They would likely not be stopped by "bathroom police" unless birth certificates are required. It is interesting that in a state which is protesting REAL IDs because of privacy issues is now considering requiring birth certificates to use public restrooms.
Parents prefer that their children agree with their values, hence the origin of controversy. Big Bang or Creation? Rock music or symphony? Gay or straight? Ducks or Beavers? Some parents encourage bullying. Take crap from no one. Of course, my kid would never do that.... Besides, teachers have their days full with reading, 'riting and politics.....
Yes. Even gay scouts and scout leaders.
Perhaps. Another way to look at it is that the state has to decide whether or not a person can be forced to do something that, in their view, supports an act they find morally objectionable. Whether or not that act is legal is immaterial.  Unlike Kim Davis (the Kentucky clerk who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples), Mr. Phillips isn't interfering with anybody's right to be married. He's just refusing to provide a service that would enhance the celebration of such a marriage. Are those two things of equal weight?  I said in another post that I'm conflicted about this. I'm by no means sympathetic to the Jack Phillips's of the world. But I am sympathetic to the larger issue of freedom of conscience, and I think it bears deeper discussion.
This is actually not true, the Olympic Committee has a policy for transgender athletes to compete which is based on science.
All I can say is I am so glad that I am gay!!!
I think your hearts in the right place but gay men and lesbians have no issues using the correctly gendered bathrooms. Sexual orientation and gender identity are two totally different things. A transgender person can be gay, lesbian, bi, straight or any other Sexual orientation.
If your statement is a demonstration of your knowledge of transgenders, then you're ignorant beyond belief.  Human sexuality isn't cut and dried as male and female gender.  It's literally a rainbow.   This is why the LGTB community adopted the rainbow as their symbol.   There are people who are born with BOTH male and female genitalia, fully functioning.  There others who are born with one set yet "hardwired" for the opposite gender.   And everything in between.  There's nothing about these facts that is "emotionally damaged and confused" other than the result of how society and individuals like you treat them and consider them as lesser human beings.    Educate yourself.   This shouldn't be about politics although liberals always find themselves at the forefront of empathy and human rights while conservatives always seem to be pulling at the coattails of progress on everything throughout history, including recognition of equality for people who are different from themselves.
Surely it's fair that the liberal MSM now employ all those 5000 trans gendered challenged persons and pay for their extensive medical upkeep now.  They can work for the MSM writing Trump hate propaganda pieces daily certainly there is money to be made doing that.  The military is on a tight budget these days no room for the extravagance.
Don't you really mean that he is not gay?
Sorry, my mistake, I was assuming you read the part where the florist refused to work with the couple because she didn't believe in gay marriage.
Catholicism rejects homosexual conduct as a grave sin.  How can gay marriage be a non-issue to a Catholic?
It is the Pee Wee Herman approach, "I know you are, but what am I?"  They do it over and over and have been for decades.  This isn't new.  Some of the Republicans who scream the loudest about gays, end up being outed trolling for men in a bathroom, or end up paying off people to keep quiet.  Others, like Newt Gingrich get all high and mighty about marital infidelity in a President, while in the process of cheating on their dying wife.  This is nothing new.
In all the times I've used public bathrooms, I've never been concerned nor saw a transgender using the women's bathroom.  I'm far more afraid of someone leaving their body fluid or poop on the toilet seat than I'm worried about someone's gender.
Not an artificial light effect of a rainbow over the White House backing the gay community, (I have friends in that community) but a work of nature, of God. Whatever you believe. This happened when Trump was celebrating a trans-party person identifying with Republican.
The DSM once considered homosexuality a "mental disorder."   That changed with further understanding.
That may well be true but the question is about per-capita health care costs, not total health care costs, so the comparison is highly misleading. The fact is the per-capital medical expenses for a transgendered person are far higher than the per-capital overall average.   But more to the point, there is simply no reason to inject political ideology or "equality" ideologies into the military. If the military works best and most efficiently without transgendered people, so be it. Many of the world's militaries exclude women completely (South Korea for example), as well as homosexuality. If a particular makeup works in a particular culture with its own particular costs and considerations, then so be it. I just have no concern for anything other then cost efficiency, combat effectiveness, and proper support for veterans, when it comes to military decisions.
Add to the equation today's news that Jeff Sessions' Justice Department has ruled that the prohibition on sex discrimination in the 1964 Civil Rights Act doesn’t cover sexual orientation discrimination and it's very clear that this is Bone # 2 to the Evangelical base that's gone wobbly of late.   So, to those who before the election chastised me for predicting that Trump would do exactly this, all I can say is, "I told you so." Trump used gay people (some of whom took the right-wing bait) in order to get elected. Now that he needs to throw the evangelicals a bone we're the first ones to get thrown under the bus. To quote Gomer Pyle, "surprise, surprise, surprise!"   People who now think that Donald Trump has their back better re-read Martin Neimoller's famous quote that is referenced in that Charles Blow piece you linked to because, no matter who they are, Trump will eventually come for them. The only person he cares about is himself. Everyone else is expendable - including his family.
Well considering that a bunch of priests saw fit to engage in homosexual relations with boys, it would not surprise me that the trend you speak of will continue.  So what else is new with the priesthood since Vatican II.  And that people will demand recognition of gay "marriages" fits right in with all of the other secular dressings in Church nowadays, the Church desperately trying to assuage the demands of the sinners rather than help the sinners find salvation.  A schism is a brewin', and this whole gay movement coming on the heels of the homosexual priest abuse scandal will likely be the key issue.  Not unlike how the trans-bathroom issue ushered in a conservative to the White House.  Promotion of sexual perversion has pushed too hard, too fast.  Too many people still think rationally .
Many readers here will not like this, but hear me out:  We can complain all we want about fake news, but unless we insist that facts and truth are by their nature objective, which is to say not subject to what we want it to be.  Consider the recent assertions that have been commonly accepted around transgenderism.  The notion we appear to be required to accept is that the internal perception of gender must overrule the physical reality of our bodies.  When it comes to responsible consumption of news media, avoiding confirmation bias, don't you think?  But how can we possibly combat confirmation bias when we accept the basic anthropology of transgenderism, that is that perception of reality is more important than an objective assessment of reality?  We can't have it both ways.
"Evangelicals have historically opposed pornography and gambling. Trump appeared in Playboy magazine and has owned casinos. They decry secularization in our society, yet Trump does not regularly attend church. They oppose same-sex marriage, but Trump says he will not seek to overturn its legalization."  The so-called religious right made it clear once and for all with their support of Trump that moral values has little to nothing to do with their movement.  When they support someone as amoral as Trump, they make it clear it is all about naked political power.
"Using a methodology that is fully consonant with Catholic teaching, employing Scripture, the rich pastoral heritage of the church and an unadulterated realism that makes clear both the difficulty and the imperative for establishing deeper dialogue, Father Martin opens a door for proclaiming that Jesus Christ and his church seek to embrace fully and immediately men and women in the L.G.B.T. community."  It doesnt seem like Martin has strayed. Of course, the Bishop is concerned with the sin involved in vilifying, not the sin involved in homosexuality. Perhaps that is why you dont like his article, since he is pointing out a different sin than the one you want to discuss? Your other point is similar. The Bishop does not read anyone's mind, or identify anyone with cancer. The "cancer of vilification" is behavior of people within the Church and outside, but always people in dialogue. There is no effort to exclude them, just an attempt to call them away from sin.
How about keeping it to "A nice Family moment" in a Disney film. Why does there have to be a Nice Gay Moment?
So much for not dignifying  my comments with a response. You provided nothing that days the Constitution grants the right to discriminate. I can wait.  Colorado law does not say that a person must forgo their religion to operate a business. That is ridiculous. What religion says that you can not make a cake for a gay wedding? Which one? It is not Christianity, because,their are tons and tons fo Christians that would not discriminate against gays, even if they think beig gay is a sin.  What religion are you talking about?  His religious beleifs? Great!  If one is allowed to discriminate based on their religious views, doctors can refuse to treat aethists based on religious views.  Anyone can discriminate and just chalk it up to "religious views." I will say it for the 57th time, maybe you will understand this time?  In Colorado it is illegal to discriminate against protected classes. If you offer wedding cakes to heteros you must offer them to gays or it is discrimination.
What its not going through the clinton foundation?  canadian taxpayers are not being forced to fund the lavish clinton lifestyle?  Hmm..whats wrong with this picuture?  Wait,  its not only going to females and/or gays? So men are also going to be helped?  This doesnt seem like the typical Canadian assistance.  Is this fake news?
We're not talking about God, precious. We're not even talking about good and bad. We're talking about the law in the US, which is based on the Constitution, which promises equal treatment under the law. Because bigots unfortunately exist, and because they have been known to treat groups they do not like unfairly, there are protected classes of people. Nazis are bigots, gays are people. Nazis are not protected.
Maybe it's time you folks  took back your identity by forming a Gay Pride for men.  Keep BLM and Pride away from it.
I have lived in four different Muslim countries for 14  years. Multiple wives were as common as multiple mistresses in Canada. And as legal. Technically in Islam, as I understand, the first wife has to give permission to the husband.  As for jihadis, do you know who they hate most? Secular leaders like Saddam, Assad, Gaddafi, Najibullah, Ataturk, etc. The West encouraged the Mujahideen/Taliban to brutally murder Najibullah, because he was in the Soviet camp. And 9/11 happened as a result.  And let's not forget that tolerance for gays is a recent phenomena. When I travelled in the Canadian Bible Belt in the 1990s, opinion columnists wrote stuff that could have ended their careers if they were living in Toronto or Vancouver. Calgary didn't dare to have a gay pride parade till a few years ago (rottweilers were brought to the parade in earlier years).  "Let he has not sinned, cast the first stone.....
Dumb the curriculum down?  Live in a bubble?  Forget the world around us?   Might be a good plan for retirement.  Not so much for young minds in this fast changing and technology driven world.    The world needs EDUCATED PEOPLE to move civilization forward!  Biologists, doctors, technicians, meteorologists, engineers, IT professionals, accountants, statisticians, all manner of scientists ...the next generation of teachers!  I'm all for a liberal arts education...when it's coupled with some type of STEM.    Add ethno-centric ELECTIVES along these lines if it's that important. When I need someone to install plumbing, wire a house, fix a car, fix a computer, fix a broken bone, or fly me somewhere, it won't be a philosopher, indigenous studies, women studies, gay studies, black studies, bible studies, or sociology major I'll be seeking for competent work.
Await all the CBC and Toronto Star sob stories on this issue. The CBC reporters must be harassing immigration lawyers for some good sob stories today. Any of these US bound travelers who are Syrians, part of the LGBT community or are single moms are top priority for CBC sob stories for the next week.
GBLM = Gay Black Lives Matter has a place in Pride Parade?  or LGBT-BLM   but BLM ?  Why?
Government programs that attack anyone based on ethnicity, religion, sexuality, gender or disability are utterly unacceptable. This is true no matter where they occur.  So why has Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland chosen to help gay men from Chechnya specifically? After all, there are official government sanctions against homosexuality in any number of countries, including in countries that Canada does a great deal of government authorized business with. Let's discuss the most obvious example: Saudi Arabia.  Unlike in Chechnya where homosexuality is 'merely' oppressed, in Saudi Arabia it's met with the death penalty. By beheading. In public. No I'm not kidding. That is the law and official government policy in Saudi Arabia. Yet as most Canadians are aware, the government of Canada and Chrystia Freeland consider Saudi Arabia an ally and favoured economic trading partner.
"He?" It appears that your anti-transgender microaggression and degrading bigotry are exposed to the sunlight a bit, there. What I just cannot seem to spy behind all of that is your actual credibility. How hapless.
The fact is that for LGBT couples who choose to marry, it has nothing to do with the Catholic Church.  Those couples, and the vast majority of those communities, including those who may have been raised as Catholics, have long since left the Church.  Why wouldn't they?  It's just like with African-American Catholics in this country, we never did retain a decent number of black members.  Same-sex marriage is a civil matter, and LGBT couples are really just fine that it has no connection to any Church, particularly the RC and Orthodox.  So, it seems your points are moot, TomQuinn.
To continue - almost half of transgendered teens attempt suicide (that compares to about 4% for all teens).  The biggest thing in reducing that rate is parental acceptance and support.  In fact if those teens (i) have accepting and supportive parents, (ii) aren't subject to transphobic bullying and discrimination, and (iii) have identification that corresponds to the gender they present as the suicide rate comes way down to near the overall average.
In ta he 2015 Supreme Court ruling making gay marriages legal, the Supreme Court also ruled that it only applied to civil services. In their opinion they also ruled that no pastor or priest had to go against their religious beliefs and marry a gay couple. They used the example of Catholics priest not marrying a divorced person because of Catholic beliefs. So how many times has the Catholic church been sued for not marrying a divorcee? None. how many times has the church been sued for not holding a religious ceremony to marry a gay couple? None. Just more pandering to the base so hopefully they won't see what the real problems are. Just like the law to keep PP out of the classroom. Just like the law to allow guns on campuses. The legislature just justified spending $32.5 million on the LIO. And they haven't even gotten around yet to the budget deficit. Except for passing a bill for cutting state funding to the municipalities and putting the problem of paying onto them.
Castro put gay people in concentration camps. Sorry, if a white football player praised a man who put gay people in concentration camps, he'd be a nobody damned quick.
Well now, according to no less an authority than JP II, the lack of mention of women at the Last Supper, being that Jesus chose "men only" to be apostles, Proves that the RC church has no authority to ordain women!  The development and evolution of the RC church's positions on homosexuality is not nearly so clear-cut and uncomplicated as your posts let on.  In that process, the Graeco-Roman culture (and the Christian reaction thereto) had at least as much influence as "old testament morality."  And recall that Saul (Paul) of Tarsus was a Roman citizen!)  Hence the concept of (abhorrence of) homosexuality was scarcely embedded in the ethos or culture of early Christianity!  Et reliqua.
MEN OF CALGARY: GO GAY! It is the only thing that will save your skin. But in today's heated feminist empire, being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety.
This should be open and shut. After all, every bible school in America cites that passage in Corinthians where Paul strictly forbids the baking of cakes for people not of the faith, gay people especially. Sinful confections are among the worst, as we all know.
Oh heII: Crouch got caught, that's all. This wasn't the first time she's driven while drunk, and someone's first cocaine experience doesn't include carrying some quantity around on a night out (or so I've heard) Teachers, much like lesbians, are people. They do what people do. They drink and do recreational drugs and cheat on spouses and have affairs with co-workers; some with students. And yep, some are just aholes.  I'm sad that you were ever humiliated by anyone, especially an adult.
Nobody cares about anybody's religion while they keep it in the background, behind closed doors. As Trudeau does, as harper did. But when a party like the WildRose had candidates who talked openly about 'lake of fire' for gays then it's not just 'the left' who objects, it's most Albertans and  Canadians. Remember that? So what's your point, bagman?
You will also find that I am against encouraging death in any form.   I am against killing the unborn, against killing society when homosexuality and unfettered sexuality, and suicide.  You will find I am pro-life.
You don't have to trust the left.  Look to what Pence has said and done.  It's not a secret.  He has consistently acted to deny equal rights to LGBT people. Not everything is a leftest plot.  While you're at it, look at all the people Trump has put forward.  Read the things they've said and done.  Look at their records.  Don't put your head in the sand and ignore all the red flags.  If it turns out that you are in complete agreement with Jeff Sessions and Bannon, so be it.  But at least take the time to look.  Liberals are being accused of being sore losers.  I'm not concerned with the election results.  I'm concerned with what Trump has done since he won.
Your Hitler history is a bit limited.    The Jews had the Yellow stars, the gays had the pink triangles, purple triangles were Jehovahs Witnesses, Black Triangle with Blod were mental defectives, Black triangle with a Z for gypsies.  Black triangles also were for prostitutes, alcoholics, drug addicts, vagrants, pacifists, and lesbians,  Red triangles for political prisoners, social democrats, socialists, trade unionists, Freemasons, communists, and anarchists.
Easy:  1) They won't allow female elders (church leaders responsible for decisions) 2) They condemn co-habitation AND marriage between homosexuals. Can't get much plainer than that!
The baker discriminated against the gay people which is illegal in Colorado. It is the same as refusing to serve a black person or an elederly person.
Hate crimes in Canada are virtually non-existent. Check Stats Can - for 2013, the average number of hate crimes was 3.3 per 100,000 people in major metropolitan ares. This means that the odds of anyone having a hate crime committed against them are extremely rare. We don't need a government motion (with attached government spending - wasteful!) to condemn Islamophobia (a vague and politically malleable term.)  We deserve the right to criticize Islam. Islam is not only a religion, its a political movement. And all Canadians should strive against the political arm of Islam. We don't want another Rotherham here in Canada due to hate speech laws.  When Imams constantly preach death for those who leave Islam, and the pratice of Taqqiya (lying to non-Muslims) is encouraged, and women get stoned to death for getting raped, and gay people get executed just for being gay, then Islamophobia makes sense.  NO on M103. No on C16. Vote out Trudeau in 2019!
RIP to this American hero ... the USA became a better country and more equal place when gay marriage was legalized.
I find them insufferably whiny, actually. I suppose if you buy their narrative of indignant victimhood then it's worth reading, but if you don't believe that the Muslims, socialists, transgenders, university students, mainstream media, technocrats, Soros,  etc are out to get you, then it kind of falls flat.
Mandi wrote: "People diagnosed as transgender should no more be open to discrimination and violence that someone diagnosed as having an anxiety disorder."  Exactly what the bill is about.
Actually it is not "about a baker refusing to sell ANY kind of wedding cake to a gay couple." It is about a baker not wanting to design a wedding cake for a gay couple.  "“I’ll sell anyone any cake I’ve got,” Jack Phillips wrote. “But I won’t design a cake that promotes something that conflicts with the Bible’s teachings." http://www.denverpost.com/2017/06/26/us-supreme-court-colorado-gay-wedding-cake-case/  Not that I agree with Mr. Phillips, he should design the cakes his customers want. IMO, Mr. Phillips is wrong to discriminate against some customers because of his personal beliefs.
[We should have a President...] [Sadly we have a President...] You give Trump way too much power. I don't see how Trump being all of the bad things you mention justifies groups of counter protesters ganging up on MUCH smaller groups of protesters and intimidating and attacking them. I guess I could if I looked at it subjectively. What would be your opinion if a larger group of Trump supporters did this at a small gay rights event? . [Straw man?] No, this article is about violence between two opposing belief systems. These aren't racists, they are Trump supporters. (I'm sure someone will insert some childish equality soon) One of the major tactics they used was to surround smaller groups and close them in so they could chase them out of the area. Watch the link I posted above, it also has video. Even the reporter admits that the antifa group as well as another one showed up ONLY looking for trouble. antifa members threatened to break cameras that were recording (Even the press) btw.
I wrote this letter and when the paper called to get my permission to print warned me that there might be attacks like some of the above.  Well I am a libertarian and I believe in the bill of rights and the protection provided by the free exercise of religion clause.  I do not hold the bakers beliefs but that is the very reason the clause is part of the bill of rights.  The Supreme Court has written decisions with tests for what is a true religious belief-mainly from conscientious objector cases. This case will balance the religious beliefs of the cake maker against any discrimination against the gay couple. Anyone willing to lose business and endure the usual condemnation from the left-as seen in prior posts here-is someone who at least on the surface must hold serious beliefs. One of my points was that practicing one's religious beliefs is not limited to houses of worship.  Cannot we just get along? Crucifying someone for his "abhorrent" (in your mind) beliefs has happened before.
I heard a former CSIS agent on the radio the other day talking about the Manchester idiot. He was a UK citizen. Born there. But as the agent said some of these people can't fit into western society. They either don't want to work/socialize with women, gays etc. or they are barred from gaining employment/fitting in because of their viewpoints which they cannot give up. So they withdraw and then fill with rage to the point of deciding to kill a bunch of innocent infidels and, usually, themselves. Not sure how you deal with these people when they are already inside your borders and with a population of 55 million it's pretty difficult to keep an eye on everyone. Nonetheless, it's clear that the mass immigration to Europe is causing massive problems and it's pretty clear that Brexit was a vote on immigration which will now carry more weight in the election Thursday.
If you read religious liberty as religious power, all becomes clear on gay issues. On climate change, action reduces religous power among some of our biggest donors, so their reticece is not a surpirse. Their view on abortion is also as much coalition politics as moral. The same is true for capitalism.  As for consumerism, a consumer surplus is what keeps capitlaism from being slavery. A.L. is considered housekeeping, so the lack of metntion at the conference is no shock. I suspect that many of the bishops liked Trump, so going after him on immiration would diminish their religious power in the Republican coalition.)  Some of the bishops can hardly stop the vandals when they are caught holding a can of pray paint.
More news outlets are deleting their commentary sites; the great liberal bastion the Toronto Star and CNN dropped theirs ages ago as they could not take criticism. Other outlets increasingly  only allow comments on safe topics. Others censor or ban anyone who upsets the apple cart by talking about sacred cows or elephants in the room: such as homosexuals and aids, or black crime, or overpaid civil servants,  Canadian Jews and Israel, or anything deemed politically incorrect. Of course it is okay to bash white Anglo saxon men or Muslims. But it is not okay to point out the  striking similarities between Orthodox Jews and Muslims and how they treat their women, or how a lot of Muslim men chase Christian and Jewish girls but we cant go near their girls. And it is not okay to talk about how only lower middle class Christian boys fight and die for Canada in te middle east wars while so many others hide out in elite schools. I wish some academics would address these issues objectively.
Barrett’s questioning could imply a few things. One, is whether she would recuse herself if her local Catholic bishop were to try to ban her from receiving communion if she followed precedent and upheld Roe (she has no authority to do likewise) or would she uphold Roe as required and explain to the Bishop why she was forced to do so? The other piece, also above her pay grade but still important is whether she would uphold the Fourteenth Amendment generally, which restricts state against those minority groups if feels behave immorally in their private conduct, particularly gays and women seeking abortions (recognizing that regulating abortion is permissible as long as it does not pose an undue burden at certain points of the pregnancy).
If it weren't for the huuuuge transfer of wealth up to the millionaires and billionaires which is part of this health care bill (go figure) I would support passage so that the Trumpanzees out there in the rural areas would once and finally understand that the Republicans are NOT their friends and that they are being used by their hatred for gays, abortion and gun control.
Clerical celibacy also results in childlessness, as does age and some disease processes.  HIV was first diagnosed in the gay population but is widespread in the hetero ranks also and among indiscriminate drug users of both bents.
To go along with your thought process, I think a lot of priests might agree with you.  But to be consistent with what people are taking issue with, you'd have to suggest that funerals be denied to priests who are in a gravely sinful state and who are unrepentant of that state.  The lack of repentance is the only important part and it applies to someone in a homosexual relationship as well.  Just because a desire occurs organically in a person does not mean it cannot be gravely sinful.
"Sin" is irrelevant in the eyes of the law and the courts. But, regarding your basic point, this is no different than a case on TV news several years back of a black woman making a tentative agreement over the phone to rent an apartment. The moment she met the apartment manager in person, the manager took one look at her and said the apartment was no longer available. The "for rent" sign in front of the building was still there days later. In both cases, the discrimination is literally superficial. The baker is so concerned about the alleged sin of gay couples, but accepts straight couples at face value. This isn't about "sin", it's about discrimination.
When you can show me how something you drop falls up rather than down, I will be happy to have a conversation about the reality of natural law. Until then ....  That most other Americans - Christian, Jewish, and Muslim - believe homosexual behavior is immoral behavior is a demonstrable fact. The majority of Americans say to you and those who share opinion on "it makes it difficult to raise children who are morally straight" and "it weakens the family as the cornerstone of society", "So what?"  At the end of the day every law, including the Constitution, is a matter for a majority decision.  Sufficient arrogance can lead to a practical demonstration of that reality, as the last election did.
Ah, another one who sees St Peter celebrating a "Service" in a park, dressed in a bathing suit, welcoming all faiths to participate in the meal at the table, no need for kneeling, no need for reverence, just love. All the while expressing heretical statements about the alleged  divinity of Jesus, his miracles or the the truths of the Gospel which contradict his personal false beliefs.  Assisted by his fellow ordained woman priest and married gay couple, he denies the existence of hell or judgement, and tells all are saved by faith alone.  Sin boldly because God's mercy is great.   Scholarship has not changed since 1969.   Welcome to the new  Catholic/Protestant Church for all.
It sounds like you defend the subjugation of women under the guise of "modesty", cultural relativism, or piety or all three. Face coverings are only common in countries where women are treated as second class citizens, homosexuals are murdered, and girls are beaten by "morality" police for not covering their hair - the face covering is not independent of the regressive culture where it is normally found, it is a symbol of that culture. The idea of covering one's hair to avoid unwanted sexual advances under the guise of "modesty" is fundamentally incompatible with Canadian values of gender equality. This has absolutely nothing to do with religious freedom or cultural relativism, it is simply a function of progress. Canada is an advanced secular society and countries where the niqab is common are not - not because they are "different" but because Canada has evolved into something better based on universal interpretations of right and wrong.
including the truth of epigenetics and gays
Hilarious!  The columnist and conservative commenters here alike are trying to play it cool, saying the cover doesn't matter but are losing their stuff. I'll take an RS cover anyday over that time Harper's team ordered exhausted forest fire fighters to wait in line for Harper to arrive for a photo op. Several became enraged and said so to nearby media. Charming.  Besides, the Stone cover is symbolic, serving to remind North America that it need not fall to discriminating against gays or demonizing all brown people or ruining the environment. Trudeau is better than that, Harper and Trump are not. Case closed, folks. And whatever you say are Trudeau's failings in terms of the economy? We'll see. He hasn't done anything wrong yet that Harper did not also do. Advantage over all? Trudeau.
Wrong, this guy, who was a 60 yo grandfather if I recall who identified first as a transgendered female, and then wished to be treated as a young girl, not a baby or toddler.   Would agree this case would fit under mental disorder?
True, David. The recent swing to acceptance of gay marriage is a testament to that. Sanders strikes me as tireless as well, and has created a brushfire for sure. Good point.
Most kidney transplants are not provided to "lardbutts."  Most HIV-positive patients in the world are not "party animals," and many are children.  Food and smoking are addictions that can be just as powerful as heroin.  I can only suggest talking with a transgender person and listen to their story.  It is often compelling (and a tiny fraction regret their decision, that is a red herring).  You do not want to be obligated.  I respect that. I am not often motivated by obligation.  I prefer compassion to lead me to the right action.
For Christians, marriage was created and instituted by God at the outset of creation.  (Genesis 2:24).  Which civilization's contractual marriage are you suggesting the Supreme Court is using? Surely you know America was founded based on Judeo-Christian principles.  If you have some other authority for marriage you should cite it specifically and show where CONGRESS legislated it into law.  But you can't because there is no such authority.  America is a nation of laws, You can't just make stuff up with nothing to back it up.  All persons, except two, who ever existed since the beginning of time has a biological mother and a biological father.  Zero persons have been born from homosexuality, ever.
The definition of discrimination is not up for debate. The lawyers will not debate the definition of discrimination.   The baker discriminated against the gay people and that is a fact.  We may have a "fundamental difference of opinion on what constitutes discrimination," but that does not mean you are wrong. My opinion is that the definition of discrimination is not up for debate. You want to debate whether a fact is correct, it is silly.  Again, it is great what you think a business can and can not do, discriminate or not. That does not mean the law agrees with you.  I have explained to you that political thought (blm, nra, dem, repub) is not a protected class.  I have also explained theis concept ad nauseum The baker is under no obligation to make halloween cakes. If he makes halloween cakes only for white people, then he is discriminating.
This right here is a perfect example of why ordinances to protect trans people are needed.
You need to brush up on your science. Major medical organizations, like the American Medical Association and American Psychiatric Association, say being transgender is not a mental disorder. You're equating "gender dysphoria" with mental disorder and mental illness. WRONG!  Gender dysphoria is a state of emotional distress caused by how someone's body or the gender they were assigned at birth conflicts with their gender identity.  The way it is treated is by allowing the person to transition in a three-phase treatment—psychological, surgical and hormonal.   "The best outcomes are associated with early diagnosis, a supportive environment, and comprehensive treatment that respects the wishes and desires of the individual."  http://www.vox.com/cards/transgender-myths-fiction-facts/transgender-people-mentally-ill-myth
I thought New ways ministry has been Condemned by the Vatican?....As Far as I know Courage https://couragerc.org/ is the only Vatican approved Gay and Lesbian apostolate mainly because it helps people who wish to stop living a life of Sodomy ("Intrinsicly Disordered Acts"). That are apart from the natural law.(Will of God). and Bear no good fruit.(Promote the creation of new life in God's kingdom). http://www.vatican.va/archive/ccc_css/archive/catechism/p3s2c2a6.htm
Wow, read this part of Clinton's speech in today's setting and think about it.  She saw it the whole time.  "I know there are only 60 days left to make our case -- and don't get complacent, don't see the latest outrageous, offensive, inappropriate comment and think, well, he's done this time. We are living in a volatile political environment. You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic -- you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people -- now 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive hateful mean-spirited rhetoric. Now, some of those folks -- they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America."
I chose to watch "13 Reasons Why" and asked my 16 year old son to watch with me.  He declined saying he heard all about it at school and had no desire to see it.  Well, I watched it without him.  It was uncomfortable and sad.  I know Hannah and Clay were the main characters, but a few of the others made me feel for them.  Sure the Justin kid was a real weasel, but look where he came from.  Courtney was such a self-centered prig, but she really was worried that her coming out would only perpetuate the stereotype (ie, gay dads).  Others too with their own issues, but none bad enough to be driven to suicide, or so we think.  I know schools have their own anti-bullying programs in place, but I can tell you from my son's experience, most aren't working.  Parents should watch this if only to make sure they hold their own child's school accountable.
It's not a question of supporting "intolerant cultures", I think it's about not supporting the intolerant "aspects" of cultures. If we go around labelling an entire culture as wholly intolerant then we lose the opportunity to find common ground and a starting place to address what we find to be intolerant. Just today there was an article about skewed sex ratios in children of Indo-Canadian women of Punjabi origin. Does this mean we label Punjabi's as intolerant? Or Indians as a whole? If we see this as sexual discrimination then how do we reconcile it with the fact that Catholicism doesn't allow female priests? Is Catholicism therefore intolerant? Or is this acceptable since it's only restricting females, not aborting them? Is Catholicism even a "culture" or is it just a religion? Do we label all Muslims as intolerant just because of the actions of some? Do we label all Christians as intolerant because there are some who oppose same sex marriage? This isn't history, it's happening now.
I feel very much a part of Boise's black lesbian community. But that doesn't make it so. Feelings don't matter. I didnt attack anybody or anything. If you've been attacked in the past, it's probably because you lie and take on your holier-than-thou attitude. Wrap your arms around reality sometime.
Alceste, perhaps you should familiarize yourself with Turkey's first experiment with an Islamist government after 90+ years of secular protections. It has taken Erdogan under 10 years to roll back 90 years of secular protections and the irony is that western "progressives" originally applauded Erdogan's religious "reforms". Now Erdogan has effectively regressed Turkey into an Islamist-inspired dictatorship. Political Islamists do not stop until they have absolute control: no press freedom, no freedom of expression (including religious satire), hostility to homosexuals, and deference to conservative zealots who demand women submit to "modesty" requirement under the guise of piety.  What about Europe? No go zones are not a Le Pen/Breitbart conspiracy theory, they are a depressing reality. Attempts to appease and accommodate political Islamists only emboldens their cause and now Europe faces an uphill battle as community segregation is already entrenched. Quebec should be applauded.
I am already a published author, Scott. My book was well received by ordinary Catholics and attacked by, well you know who.   The whole 'priest' thing started on here when I was attempting to empathise with a long suffering former priest. One of the coven pounced with, "and how would you know?!" I said at that point that I was a priest so I did understand. Then I was hit with, "So you don't know what it's like to be a former priest then!" I mean, just what is the point of engaging with such attitudes?   It's the scorpion and the frog. Being scorpions is simply what they do.  Since then the coven have threatened what they'd do if they were able to identify me, (that particular post should have seen a lengthy ban for the poster concerned), accused me of being a female priest, not a priest at all, a liar, gay, coarse, vulgar, and so on. I'm simply sitting back quite bemused.  The truth is, they are finished. They don't get to tell anybody what to do anymore. And it infuriates them.
Complementarity is still abstract concept. Let's remember that the issue here is not about sexuality. It is about marriage rights. Gays have them. Merlino is suffering from a bad case of sour grapes and is venting. Interestingly, none of his thoughts were directive, only suggestive, but I assume people will be watching and reporting back to him. To not acknowledge a spouse, however much you disagree with their gender, at a funeral is beyond tacky, as is worrying about whether the spouse and the celebrant are mentioned on the prayer card. Merlino's indignation is not enough to reverse the trend, which will ultimately include priests blessing gay marriages privately and families demanding formal recognition of such unions at a Wedding Mass. Rear guard actions involving inocmplete natural law arguments or scriptures meant to differentiate Jewish exiles from their Babylonian captors will not stop this. God will not rescue the Church from this nor female ordination.
Fifty-six retired U.S. generals, admirals and other senior officers voiced opposition on Tuesday to President Donald Trump's announcement of a ban on transgender military service, saying it would be disruptive and degrade readiness.  Also on Tuesday, the U.S. Coast Guard commandant, Admiral Paul Zukunft, offered support for transgender members of his service.  But that's from NBC News, so I guess you can discount it as "fake news"
"Most people recognize that there are other challenges facing our culture that are at least of equal significance as gay marriage."  If this is all that is at stake - gays marrying, I would agree.  But gay marriage implies and opens up the door to many other situations such as children being adopted, business owners being forced to comply in a gay wedding ceremony (bakers, hall rentals, etc.), and same-sex sexual relationships as being acceptable, which , for a Catholic is problematic.  As far as Catholic teaching and Canon Law, Bishop Paprocki is not wrong in what he is suggesting, but perhaps somewhat imprudent as the writer accurately says funerals are about the grieving family.
Transgendered people molesting girls in bathrooms is a nonissue because it doesn't happen, didn't happen and isn't happening. Notice all the proud patriot bigots on here don't have a single case to cite in support of their risible arguments. Sexual assault is already illegal and the bathroom law will not prevent one. What it will do is give scumbags justification to "demand" proof of gender for anyone who does not immediately conform to their ideals of how people should look. It will make vulnerable, marginalized individuals ashamed and afraid to exercise basic bodily functions. It will give Minnery a great opportunity to demonstrate his primary contribution to our community, which is to siphon dollars from gullible conservatives. This has zero to do with protecting anyone and everything to do with hating people who are different.
Looking at your list, every one of those in your threat question as well as the gays are specifically mentioned in the Bible as being fair game except for the Jews and they wrote the Book.    The Christians definitely made up for it later as far as the Jews are concerned, though.  Couple thousand years of  history doesn't disappear very quickly.
:Thankfully, most folks at Imago do not take it all literally."  Your pastor does.  Take some responsibility for attending a church whose take on the bible is both mushy and offensive.   The Conservative Baptist churches like Imago Dei actively oppose civil rights for gays,  They pick and choose people to condemn, without rhyme or reason, from the Bible.    Biking and recycling does not negate the fact that you  support a pastor who preaches offensive doctrines.  You go because the music sounds lie Mumford & Sons? Get an I-Pod and listen to the real thing.  Obviously, one of the Elders has come up with the idea that the blistering criticism on this thread is "group think."  No- just the standard critique of fundy christianity.  I get the feeling that you don't understand the denomination you belong to and what they so politically.  Jules Bailey will lose the election due to the company he keeps.
It's quite clear, Purgatrix, that while you are correct that Jesus is not recorded in the Gospels on the matter of homosexuality (the term was centuries away from even being conceived), and the other matters you mention, you clearly leave out what Jesus is clearly noted as saying in all four Gospels, about all are God's children, about Charity being the greatest commandment, and so on.  LGBT people existed at the time of Jesus, and for all centuries before and since, as did slavery and rape, and if you look and read the four Gospels without your own agenda, you will see, perhaps, that what Our Lord DID, in fact, teach us about love of neighbor, does very much compel us to find a higher morality in what the Church's teachings have been.  Science is part of God's Creation, given us to better understand that Creation.  Those who do not therefore further an ignorance that is to our own peril.
Finally, a voice for justice and empathy, sorely needed in light of the Trump inauguration and the Keystone approval! If we are going to maintain our momentum from the transgendered success, the Green Energy Act, the forthcoming carbon tax, the BC Supreme Court victory for the teachers, democratic reform and gender parity in the federal cabinet, we need reinvigorated activism.  BLM provides that shot in the arm for us to remain relevant and viable and instruct a new generation inspired by Sophie and Justin, and repelled by you-know-whom.
It's not just anti-liberal rhetoric.  Much of what he writes is xenophobic, misogynistic, homophobic and racist.  Many people voted for Obama in 2008, so maybe he did, but he either posts the opposite of what he believes, or he is not a Democrat.
Question: Should the Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas have the right to go to a graphic art designer (who is gay)and have him design and produce "professional art graphics" that "professionally" portray their anti-gay rhetoric? Does the ACLU say "yes" or would the ACLU defend the right of any art graphics designer to refuse/reject "objectionable" work? What would you say?
". . . the military . . . is not a social experiment." No, it's not. That's why it's a good idea to study the experience of other countries who accept transgendered personnel and don't think they're disordered.   People get hormone therapy for all sorts of reasons in the military. I'm guessing that the issues associated with needing hormone therapy aren't the same as associated with medication for ADHD or asthma. If you have been prescribed medications for these conditions recently, you may not be accepted because either illness could potentially affect your readiness level. Being transgendered isn't a sickness and doesn't affect readiness in quite the same way.
The LGBT agenda did not "magically percolate.... into culture consciousness".  It was extremely well-funded, supported by Hollywood and the media, and carefully planned, including the "linkage" to the civil rights movement.  The last time we saw that sort of thing in this country was not the civil right movement but Prohibition.
"Conservatives have raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms." -Well then those "conservatives" should be more concerned about the president being in any room with a woman or girl.
We all know that "[T]he [John Jay] researchers found no statistical evidence that gay priests were more likely than straight priests to abuse minors—a finding that undermines a favorite talking point of many conservative Catholics. The disproportionate number of adolescent male victims was about opportunity, not preference or pathology, the report states." https://www.americamagazine.org/content/all-things/john-jay-report-not-blaming-homosexual-priests
I would like to see the numbers as they relate to incidents against the LGBTQ community. The editorial was correct in mentioning that these statistics are based on REPORTED incidents, and don't necessarily give the full picture of the related crimes in Canada. The other problem is that our hate crime laws are so weak, that it's almost impossible to obtain a conviction under the current system. The government needs to act swiftly in reversing past conservative policies by introducing stronger hate crime laws in Canada.
Homosexuality is NOT from God. The behavior is sinful, and although allowed by God, its source is Satan, just as with any other sin.  When Dawkins can tell us what the first cause was which brought everything into being, I might put some weight into what he believes. Otherwise, he's not convincing.
Gay pride surely includes police officers, oh wait it obviously doesn't. This coming from someone with no care for pride to begin with but enough sense to see the flaw in your comment. Inclusiveness for all... except you. That's how it's supposed to work, isn't it? Lol.
I don't disagree with you Marty.  Francis has been too Jesuitical from the get go.  I won't be disappointed because I don't expect him to make any firm decision one way or the other.    If I were going to be generous with his 'discernment' I would say he's a big believer in synodality.  Unfortunately for him, there are way too many bishops etc, who are not into synodality and prefer authoritarianism.  That will continue to be a problem as long as Francis insists on keeping the priesthood the sole province of self selected heterosexual males and closeted gay men.  It's an exclusive and elitist authoritarian structure and with such a contradiction/constriction in the heart of Holy Mother Church, I actually think Holy Mother will keel over from a testosterone induced blockage in her mercy artery.  The lesson seems to be, 'better a dead Mother Church than a change to the authoritarian priesthood'.
I believe the vocal trump critics are mostly millenials.  The education system has failed them.  Their command of the English language is that something good is "awesome".  Something bad is "weird or "gay".  They have no concept of north, south, east or west but they feel they know the direction the country should be taking.  They think the greatest threat to mankind is global warming,  worse than the plagues that killed millions.
What if the laws violate what beliefs that are commonly held by many, who then gets to dictate who is more "right" and gets to make the laws?  Hypothetical question, what if a gay baker decided he didn't want to bake a cake for a heterosexual male because of his own beliefs?
Some say cucumbers taste better pickled. Buckshot? Don't be rude. Where do Muslim bakers discriminate? In Colorado they are subject to the same law as the cake baker. Why do you want to use one wrong to excuse another? Where can I read about Muslim bakers breaking discrimination laws? You realize there are 30 states where you can discriminate based on sexual orientation. You are not allowed to do it in our fair state.  There is no gray area unless you do not understand the law. It is very clear and you seem to support breaking the law. Why do you support lawlessness?  The baker refusing to bake the cake for gays is the same as a store refusing to serve you based on your race. I am confused as to why you do not think this is very  clear.
As someone who believes that government (especially the federal government) should be as small as possible and spend the least money necessary and not interfere with the lives of individual citizens, I don't consider Trump to be "conservative" in the same way that I am conservative. He is in favor of tariffs, for example, which are a highly mercantilistic economic intervention that historically has been a direct cause of deflationary depressions. He used to be very pro-gay, pro-abortion and pro-universal health care (before he realized that Republican voters do actually oppose those things). So, no, Trump is not a conservative. In fact, many of his policies are not substantially different from Hillary's and a few of them are more liberal than hers.  Anyone wanting a choice that doesn't sound like central planning of the economy and our lives might want to vote 3rd party this November. That's my choice. I'm not a Libertarian Party member, but they're starting to make a lot of sense.
Wonderful speech by the Pope, however, I find he missed a very important point:  The role of women in the catholic church.  There were 17 male cardinals in this ceremony - and even now, in the XXI Century,  women are still  rejected and not allowed to access one sacrament - whilst the main reason is something related to "tradition".  The problem with the catholic church is that it has lost credibility for its condemnatory and contradictory issues.  While it is now opening doors to ecumenism, it slams the doors to women, to divorced and re-married couples and to the gay community.  The danger is that it is turning into a kind of club full of regulations.  I think that when addressing important or contradictory issues, the way to solve them is by following the only commandment mentioned by Jesus:  Love one another, which also means, integrate, accept, open the doors, open your arms.
funny. i'm  a very non traditional christian, no question. & i feel hemmed in by right wing's parameters THEY'VE built around the religion. Much bias, racism, gender issue, even the sioux, had "Contrarys". warriors that were known to be gay,  wore "make up", dress as women and were considered special. they traditionally rode their horses facing rear to show that these people were born to be 180 degrees different and more creative.   i don't like the restrictions i'm expected to live by as a christian and if i don't, i must not be christian. i remind them that that 2nd coming of jesus is about people just like me. he's coming down to get those of us at the edges, the stragglers.....  i'm not racist, i'm not sexist - i'm none of those things. i go by what the bible says, not common lore,   researched for the most pure interpretations from aramaic and greek. none of the KJV with all the "Lords" added to reinforce the serf system of economics. KING JAMES version  bible?  red flag
Not a terrible question at all.    So do you reject, or accept, gay pride and white pride - since you consider them similar?  I don't think they are that similar.   Gays have faced far more exclusion and discrimination in modern American than have white people.    What many white people worry about is their assumed privilage in American life.    Any whte person can still excel in America, they just have more competition.   That's not going to change.
Now is the time for the NDP to strike!   Progressives everywhere have never been more energized.  All the party needs to do is bring all the voices together: the trans community, multi-cultural groups, main stream media, the labour movement, feminists and academics ...   All together imagine the electoral power!
You know--it is funny that you are singing the praises of the court system.  I wonder if you would be doing that if the courts did not give us abortion, gay marriage, etc.  Would you be singing the praises of a court system that struck down legalized abortion--on the basis that all people have a fundamental right to life that cannot be taken away?  Would you be singing the praises of the court system had they not redefined marriage?
"Based on prior research and the findings of this report, we find that mental health factors and experiences of harassment, discrimination, violence and rejection may interact to produce a marked vulnerability to suicidal behavior in transgender and gender non-conforming individuals." You and your ilk need citations, ALWAYS!.  chrome-extension://oemmndcbldboiebfnladdacbdfmadadm/https://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/AFSP-Williams-Suicide-Report-Final.pdf
um.... the topic is homosexual men.  Hello?
Sex is what has kept our species going for at least 10,000 years.     The Greeks fought over beautiful women (Helen of Troy) and also enjoyed homosexual sex.  The Romans did the same.  Instead of a 'corrupted culture', perhaps we are just ignoring the Dark and Middle Ages (especially the Catholic Church and their Protestant offshoots and their anti-sex taboos) and going back to those cultures.  Calling our culture 'corrupted' defines your biases about sex more than it defines the culture itself.
" I’m not trying to draw a comparrison between the KKK and a gay couple wanting to get 'married'"  No, you are equating the two.
I have always believed that the disease was not a "gay" disease that the religious groups swore to believe.  I remember reading once that the disease had probably been in the U.S. long before and just that no one new what it was or what caused it or it was diagnosed based on the symptoms the individual presented.  I am so very glad that the truth has finally come out.  God bless these scientists.
“'Although some other bishops and dioceses have instituted similar policies in part, this document is mean-spirited and hurtful in the extreme,” Christopher Pett, incoming president of DignityUSA, said in a news release by the organization that rallies the church for full inclusion of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Catholics.”  That means other bishops have done it before but didn't have a leaky office like Paprocki. Because that's how it got out. Usually, this stuff is kept under wraps until the unsuspecting family runs afoul of the edict and discovers there will be no celebrant, no funeral, no burial. Even the mob is treated better.
Unitarians are a fabulous lot, but why are they and the like minded churches so small? Even here in far-left Portland. And I'm voting for Bernie, just so you know. But as someone friendly to liberal religion I can say this, everyone bashing Jules or Imago on here is basically sounding like a single issue voter, and scarily given to group think. What if some people do think marriage is between a man and a woman? Big deal. You don't have to go to their church. (Interestingly, gays didn't seem too concerned about not being able to marry until fairly recently, but that's not my point) But to compare the fight for gay marriage to King's fight for racial justice is ludicrous. No one is better off, in any significant way, because the state of Oregon has approved their union. Blacks on the other hand, are vastly better off after the civil rights movement. By the way, no one is accusing the church or Jules of being anti-minority.
Amendment 14  did, repairing the flaw. Roe flows from that amendment, as does federal supremancy because the states cannot be trusted on abortion, latino rights, church rights, sodomy laws or gay marriage.
I'll waste no time arguing with you about the Church's teaching on abortion or what you so charmingly refer to as "sodomy," a "sin" committed more often by heterosexuals than homosexuals since there are many more of the former in the world than the latter. You correctly state the church's position. What I will say is that Jesus never said a word about homosexuality.   As for abortion, the church has taught many things about that during its 2000+ history. Augustine believed that an early abortion is not murder because, according to the Aristotelian concept of delayed ensoulment, the soul of a fetus at an early stage is not present, a belief that passed into canon law. Thomas Aquinas, Pope Innocent III, and Pope Gregory XIV also believed that a fetus does not have a soul until "quickening," or when the fetus begins to kick and move, and therefore early abortion was not murder, though later abortion was. It wasn't until 1869 that Pius IX finally codified present doctrine.  So there.
Even if you were both gay, that would be incestuous. Epigenetics seems to also be an evolutionary process. Homosexuality was not invented in the sixties and homosexual family members also safely foster their sibling’s children and have through history. No science is letting them have their own children. Oddly, once we stop forcing gay men to procreate with women, the incidence of homosexuality will likely decrease.
She "nailed" nothing. ======== Let's say I walk into a Jewish Bakery, a Gay Bakery, a Muslim Bakery, and a Buddhist Bakery because I didn't know they were Jewish, Gay, Muslim, or Buddhist.....and I ask them to decorate a Christian Wedding Cake with "crosses" and "May Jesus Bless Our Marriage" written on it......and they decline because doing so goes against their religious beliefs or same-sex values. - Sure, I might be sad. But wouldn't I just find another bakery that (1) wants my business (2) will gladly create the "edible art work" I want? Of course I would.
And, you also speak to " gay rights and care of the elderly".  Really Mary?  What laws were passed in the Kingdom about "gay rights".  We know what the Kingdom did to the sick and elderly, they put them away like they did to the lepers on Molokai.  Please stop, Mary, with your revisionist history nonsense.  It is just too funny, it hurts! The Polynesians languished under a Kingdom, and have flourished under Democracy.  In the last census over 1.2 million people across the U.S. identified as Polynesian-Hawaiian or Pacific Islanders.  More than even before Capt. Cook made contact with them around their 500th year here.  Democracy is much more responsive to the folks than a Kingdom model could ever be.
Your anger and hatred of Christians is palpable. Why so? Why would you say that Christians "ignore everything he taught?" Are you a student of the Bible and of Christianity? I suspect not. You seem to think that your own personal views of morality ought to be regulative.   Christians do not ignore what Jesus and Christianity teaches about homosexuality, for instance; or abortion. Those two awful immoral behaviors are not only accepted but celebrated by unbelievers and atheists, including most if not all Democrats.   I think you are seriously biased such that a half-way intelligent reader will immediately disregard what you write.
What Oregon has done legally with votes of the people about assisted suicide is irrelevant.    Five old people in Washington D. C. can decide tomorrow that assisted suicide is Unconstitutional.  They just did it for a couple years ago for Oregon's Anti-Gay Marriage statute; no State statute is safe.   Are you aware that of the eight (8)  Justices on the Court today there are five (5) Catholics and three (3) Jewish?    Both faiths are against suicide.    Gorsuch was raised Catholic and attends an Episcopalian Church in Colorado.
What conservatives leave out of their anti-government pronouncements is more important than all that posturing about drowning the federal gov't in a bathtub. Power abhors a vacuum, and the corporations are waiting with baited breath for conservatives to deregulate everything and do away with the Endangered Species Act, OSHA, the EPA, the Clean Air Act, labor laws, civil rights etc.  Conservatives get elected by promising to lower middle-class taxes, cut government corruption, ban abortions, protect gun rights and bash gays and trans mercilessly. Once in power, they serve big banks and multinational corporations tirelessly and more or less forget about all the stuff they promised regular people, who never quite figure out the bait and switch.
"The mechanics have gone digital for sidelining someone like Martin, whose rather mild suggestions in his latest book, Building a Bridge, which urges a kinder church approach to the LGBT community, have stirred the hornet's nest of homophobia. Bratten Weiss was branded as insufficiently pro-life for suggesting the life agenda can and should include issues of women's rights, health care and violence. "  The right-wingers of the troll variety don't want dialogue.  They want their extremist agenda.  That's why they use McCarthyite tactics to silence moderates like Martin.
I'm a champion for LGBT rights - Trump Aug 15, 2016
I will define right wing as authoritarian.  Does that make more sense?  In my book most right wing authoritarians are perfectly happy ostracizing other groups of people not like them, while they assert they are absolutely right.  Hence my use of 'right' wing.  Perhaps I have not made that clear.   The KofC has historically done great work among the marginalized approved by their leadership.  So they have done wonders for the developmentally disabled while spending not one dime on the gay teens who are kicked out of their parents home and represent almost half our homeless teens.  Why no group homes for gay teens?  Your attack on political correctness is tantamount to admitting Trump supporters are bigoted.  I guess you and I agree about something.
The hyperlinked court document in the column addresses that "sex-change" information, as provided by Hawaii Free Press; a bit more about the context can be found in the HFP story: http://www.hawaiifreepress.com/ArticlesMain/tabid/56/ID/20112/Kawananakoa-Estate-Sex-Drugs-and-Inequality.aspx, including excerpts and page numbers related to that court document. ... As for transsexual vs. transgender, it's the distinction between sex and gender, http://www.transawareness.org/what-is-the-difference-between-transgender-and-transsexual.html, meaning a transsexual person has made the physical shift, and a transgender person has (or is making) the cultural / performative shift.
I know this because I have followed Fr Gruner for years.  As far as SPLC they will soon be labeling any group that opposes same sex marriage or Gender Identity  due to religious reasons as a hate group.     In regards to Fr Gruner the article you referred  to above does not promote hate,  anti- Semitism  or nazism.     Quoted from said article  "Satan also spreads perplexity and disorder in minds by introducing confusion between Anti-Semitism, which is the detestable hatred of the Jews as a race, and the duty incumbent upon Catholics of combating valiantly for the integral rights of Christ the King and opposing Jewish Naturalism."  You may not agree with the author's view but that does not make it hate speech either.   Please provide me one anti-Semitic, pro-nazi  or hate speech quote from Fr Gruner.
Next stop for BLM - attacking homophobia at Caribana, and disrupting that parade.  Oh wait, these guys have notprinciples and are in it for themselves.  Hoping justine and Wynne throw them a bone and some taxpayer money.
If one bifurcates, as the Church does, same-sex attraction and same-sex acts, all of these silly claims about the need for a dialogue about sexuality disappear.  Catholics who engage in non-procreative acts involving the sex organs (masturbation, etc...) are supposed to confess them.  This includes same-sex acts.  The number of people who engage in such acts is irrelevant as to their sinfulness.  Those who self-identify as"homosexual" or "gay" or "bisexual" de facto embrace their same-sex sodomy as non-sinful.  And when they enter into so-called "marriages" or partnerships, they spit in the face of the Church, not merely embracing same-sex sodomy, but proclaiming that they will never relinquish their acceptance of and engagement in same-sex sodomy.
Your comments sound good to non-thinkers. What are you self-identifying as tonight, homosexual or transgender? Me? I'm male, and I can't help it, as I was born this way. You, on the other hand, have a gender/sexuality that is not fixed, apparently. Do what your good book tells you, even if it hurts.
Of the various pride parades, this one does count as work. He is hosting a foreign head of government at an event that the gay HoG would be interested in participating in. This is creating a sense of goodwill with that HoG. A similar "soft power" move was to create the Canada-US female entrepreneurs' forum to make Trump more female-friendly, and taking various ambassadors plus Ivanka Trump to see Come From Away.  Those who are obsessed with softwood lumber are barking up the wrong tree. That is a U.S. issue, not an Irish issue.  "talks will focus on the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), which comes into effect on Sept. 21, and issues related to diversity and inclusion." Talks on CETA are important in the face of NAFTA renegotiations, and diversity and inclusion is well-represented by a pride parade.
Troubling when the leftists Fiberals build walls and division with the majority of  voters in the province. What is wrong with  just governing! Wynne  stated herself about being hesitant to run in her riding but the lesbian  won meaning no hate bill required (and maybe Wynne should STOP thinking everybody hates gays when the townsfolk clearly didn't)..........yet a bill was actually passed for one distinct group. WHEN it wasn't nessecary and if anything divided people into groups again (which is Wynnes plans)
about CBC's serie...and Sir Samuel de Champlain was The (real) "Father of Canada" (aka New-France) First Canadian Scientific (Premier Scientifique Québécois)/  Explorer/  Navigator/  Cartographer (he made the first accurate map of the coast of North America)/  Geographer/  Ethnologist/  Diplomat/ Draughtsman/ Soldier/  Chronicler/openly Gay in Huronia/  founded New France and Québec City in 1608  CHEERS to de CHAMPLAIN !
Let me spell this out for you.  L stands for lesbian G stands for gay B stands for bisexual T stands for trans  Put it all together and you get: LGBT! LGBT! LGBT!  COOKIIIIIEEEEE!
In one paragraph the author lauds the fact that Mike Pence could end up as "Chief Operating Officer", with wide latitude over personnel, policy coordination and congressional liaison because he is a "known quantity".  In the next paragraph she says that because Trump has never been very interested in social issues such as gay marriage, perhaps there will be a pause to the "culture wars".  These two aspirations are mutually incompatible, because if Pence has any influence at all on the administration, it will be as "culture warier in chief".  If Pence is a known quantity at all, what he is known for his extremism on those very issues.
There is so much in the Gustafson interview to muddle one's prior presumptions about perpetrators.  I can't let go of his admission of a life long attraction to specifically post-pubescent young males. The suggestion would appear to be that such ephebophilial attraction is as biologically based as hetero- and homosexual sexual orientation?   Assuming this is so, then are we in the midst of a societal denial of pedophilia and ephebophilia as sexual orientations just as our ancestors denied homosexual orientation. Granted the fundamental difference that pedophilia and ephebophilia are attracted to absolutely illicit objects, still if these are true sexual orientations beyond the control of the person, compassion and further societal adjustments in our understanding of human sexuality are required.
Will there ever be a time when adults will be free to decide for themselves? Thirty years ago our Toronto police used to do gay sweeps and I clearly remember a time when cigarettes black market did not exist in Ontario. What do they have in common? Idiotic government policies. Kids will always find a way to get drugs, booze and smokes. That's just the way it's always been. We can make it harder, but seriously, we cannot make the system fool proof. Just legalize it already, actually, legalize all the drugs, take the cash from enforcement and  put it into treatment. As a matter of fact, get the government out of morality business and concentrate on important issues like economy, intelligent tax policies. I honestly thought that Trudeau, being younger and liberal, was going to be different. I lost all the hope when he put useless Blair in charge. They might still stumble into a right solution, but so far it's same old, same old.
He offered a cake of their choosing off the shelf with standard icing.  He refused to use his creativity to create a cake to celebrate an event that was against his beliefs. He stated he would create cakes for gay customers for other occasions, just not a wedding.  The law requiring everyone be served was applied to the concept of forcing someone to create art for someone, solely because they were in a protected class.  He has stated that he has refused to create cakes for others, due to beliefs, but they apparently weren't in protected classes or didn't make an issue.
Wat is this "comments closed" business.  Is Canada a free Western country or a medieval dictatorship/kingdom?  Some comments may be bad, and should not be allowed.  But there is no justification of punishing the moderates.  Comment-phobia is as bad as homophobia.
I agree with most of your post, I do however take exception to this statement "The LGBT community has been persecuted probably since the dawn of human history". The anti-LGBT sentiment we see today is a recent human invention exported around the world via western colonialism. Most cultures prior to contact with western ideology accepted gay, lesbian and gender non conforming identities without any of the issues we see today.
Married priests without children or with older children is a great idea to not only increase the number of priests (we have several Deacons who I'm sure would love to be priests), and to start to eradicate the homosexual culture that apparently exists in the seminaries and elsewhere within the Church.  Married men with children are less likely to be the molesters of boys that homosexual  priests have turned out to be.
Pink, the last time it was 12 in Canada was 1890. A time when homosexual activity was against the law. Probably not your best choice as an argument.
What about inaccurate info from the parents?  I'd rather see a kid understand that being gay is something they are born with, and learn that from school, than see that kid be told by his/her parents that he/she is evil and going to Hell....and then wind up killing themselves.
Yeah, Conservative politicians have just done so much for the gay community in the Western world compared to others.   And Trump's base is definitely at the forefront of gay rights.
Pride has always been political  Pride has also always been a PARTY !!  BLM is destroying Pride with false priorities, intimidation, extortion and fraud.  You can't dance to that.   The gay boys of Church St. will simply take their dancing dollars else where for a good time, when the girls have sucked the life out of the  parade.  Like it or not,  the ratio of guys to gals is 3 -1.  Don't insult off your best customers.
The human Genome has been mapped.   We can find out so many things about genetic conditions from eye  color to propensity to develop mental disorders, yet   No 'gay gene' has been found yet, and none will be found.   Like many of mankind's greatest struggles, it is largely psychological in nature.   Speak with Mental Health professionals and ask them which types of disorders are the most difficult to treat, psychological or psychiatric?   Psychiatric disorders are typically chemical brain imbalances or neurological, and once diagnosed are often fairly successful at being treated.  Psychological disorders are based on concept of self, experiences, trauma etc... and can take a lifetime to get under control, and in fact, can sometimes never be fully managed.   Though I feel for the suffering which homosexual's experience in their disordered affections, it has all the marks of a psychological phenomenon, and not a genetic or physiological one.
So, how many of the "gay guys in our unit" say, "oh, sorry but I am scheduled for a sex change operation and I will be back in about a year.  Oh yeah, then I have to get periodic checkups and hormone injections.  Then I will need to get checkups for the rest of my life"??  All of that costs in the millions of dollars more than the average normal soldier.
We don't know whether Jesus said this or not. The author of Matthew says Jesus said it.  Apparently the ancient Jews believed that homosexuality was a willful violation of an essentially heterosexual nature. We know that's not true. Dubious ideas are better discarded.  So you'd bring back Leviticus 20? Ah. The Christian Taliban.
"Unless I am mistaken, you are either actively pro-transgender et al or you are transphobic - full stop."  Luckily, you are mistaken.  That's no more true than to say that under the existing law you are either actively pro-Catholic or anti-catholic.
I believe it is. As I mentioned elsewhere, the church's teaching on homosexuality was formed in response to what was considered (and often was) debauchery in the Roman empire, and not to the stability of same-sex marriage/relationships. The idea of sexual orientation formed no part of that discussion.
Come on Kenney, quit attacking everything Trans and admit who you really are.  Albertans won't judge you too harshly.
"CHICAGO — A federal judge on Wednesday sentenced former House speaker J. Dennis Hastert to one year and three months in federal prison — a term above what prosecutors had recommended and one that clearly took into account the sexual abuse allegations that generated the criminal case against the Illinois Republican" from the Washington Post.  Indeed, Mr. Bean is gay and is a liberal activist and contributes to liberal causes.  You suggest that, therefore, he is the face of progressive liberal thought and those of us who hold liberal values.  I reject that contention.  Above is a quotation relating the sentencing of former Speaker of the House, Republican Dennis Hastert.  Would you suggest that Mr. Hastert is what "conservative Republicans" really stand for?  I, personally, would never make such an outrageous claim.    Would you care to comment on the comparison of Mr. Bean and Mr. Hastert regarding either of them representing "what either political view" really stands for?
Sure it came off to you as homophobic; because you speak reflexively too.  If someone takes any stand with which you disagree about homosexuals, you bleat, "homophobe" or "bigot."  The Church teaches to love people with same-sex attraction, and you claim homophobia.  The Church tries to help men people deal with their same-sex attraction, and you claim bigotry.  It's getting old.
The SC has agreed to hear the case, which the baker states he has based on his religious right to not participate in such an event.  He otherwise does normal business with gay people, adding weight to his claim that this is about religion, not a blanket discrimination against gays. The court will decide what to consider and what is relevant.  Per this article, The U.S. acting solicitor general wrote: “Forcing Phillips to create expression for and PARTICIPATE IN A CEREMONY (emphasis mine) that violates his sincerely held religious beliefs invades his First Amendment rights.”  Take that how you will, but I suspect he has more knowledge of legal theory and procedure than you or I.  We'll see.
Some Catholics have complained about the lack of clarity in the new directive regarding admission to seminaries and homosexuality. Why not be clear? Same problem with L.A. Muddy waters lead to highly varied interpretations an scandal.  In order for a penitent to be forgiven of his or her sins, there must be a firm purpose of amendment to avoid serious sin. Conjugal continence in a 2d marriage w/o annulment is required in light of the indissolubility of Christian sacramental  marriage. Living faithfully is not impossible. Persons need to avoid the occasion of sin.  Subjective after the fact judgments about fault for the breakdown of the marriage and the good of the children to be in a 2-parent home do not make a 2d marriage moral without annulment of the first with ongoing adultery. Henry VIII would have never formed his own church given this new theology. This is not a slippery slope, but rather, downhill skiing.
Part 4  Applying the above distinction to homosexuality, conservatives tend to employ the first usage as if it were the second, as if it were an argument; and progressive Catholics and the secular world tend to argue in the third way, although they do not regularly use the phrase “natural law” to describe their reasoning.  With regard to this third usage, natural data about homosexual orientation has, to its very great glory, long been accepted in the Catholic moral tradition to conclude that there is no sin in being gay, essentially because whether one is oriented gay or straight is utterly beyond one’s control. Without “control,” without the freedom to choose, there is no personal moral right or wrong to consider. Sexual orientation is just something that one discovers about oneself generally as one enters into puberty. Ultimately it is a personal characteristic as morally neutral as race or physical attributes.
Oh, Come on, I would love to look like a kid, body and all(but still have my adult mind of course). No, I'm serious, I would rather have my 5yr old maybe even go young as 3 yr old still but the oldest I would go would be my 10 yr old body. And So I would rather have those bodies at my age, why? Because I'm 25 yr olds, and I have a receding hairline and a beer belly and when I was young, I was skinny and limber, but as I got older, I got fatter and less than Limber. And My parents never forceed me to any other sports(and I live in the southeastern USA and people believed the stereotypes like if a boy took ballet lessons/dancing lessons, or even if the boy went out for cheerleading, that child would be ostracized for not following the stereotypes and possibly be called "Gay" as well.). FYI, I'm a 25 yr old heterosexual(straight), genetic(x-y chromosome), adult male and I still identify and present myself as such. Had to say that just in case you thought something different is all.
Motley:  pedophelia and homosexuality are two different things.  The plague of the Catholic Church is pedophelia.  I won't bother to argue with you.  But, the literature is readily available...   Yes, in '73 the APA removed "homosexuality" from the DSM as a "mental disease or defect."  I also remember in 1960 a family friend being imprisoned for having homosexual sexual relations with a consenting adult.  Indeed, things have changed.  However, as this thread of conversation shows, there is still a lot of hatred and bigotry directed at homosexuals.  I find that very sad.  Gary crum
Sounds like it could be an interesting read. The US Episcopalians have been very open to different expressions of religious life.  Some follow the traditional model and others are open to more modern interpretations.  I have a good friend who is gay, married and belongs to one of their orders.  It works for him and for his community.
Does Mr. Philips refuse to bake cakes for registered sex offenders and other sinners, whose crimes would constitute a violation of his religious beliefs, or does he only refuse to serve gay couples?  It would seem that if the former is true, he may be entitled to refuse service in this case on the ground of religious beliefs/liberty. But if the latter is true, then he either doesn't understand his own religion, or he's a bigot.
Blaming all liberals for this terrible crime is despicable, just as blaming all Muslims for the terror attacks of a few is despicable. No one in media or in the Democratic Party, and certainly not Bernie Sanders who has never advocated violence for any reason, is in any way responsible for the terrible choice made by one person. Bernie Sanders this morning immediately and publicly disavowed this violence. I would remind you, WALLe and others, that violent speech from all corners of society has inspired many acts of domestic terrorists against a broad spectrum of society: Jews, blacks, government and its workers, police, Muslims, gays, and of course, liberals and now, conservatives. We all need to limit our protests to speech, and foreswear taking up guns.  I would point out that neither the president nor any member of his cabinet was targeted. I would ask you to take down your insulting and inflammatory post, and join the rest of us in deploring this tragedy brought about by one man.
NCR always seems to write its editorials for a very small audience: Very liberal people who have left the Church or who are at extreme odds with the Church and Her authentic teachings.  We should all acknowledge something NCR refuses to accept: the Universal Church is now growing by leaps and bounds in the southern and eastern hemispheres of our globe, and these areas are even more conservative on moral and theological issues (albeit liberal on economic matters) than most Western religious conservatives.  Which Western, mainstream conservatives have called for the imprisonment of gays?  None that I know of.  However, several RC bishops in the developing world have supported those efforts in their own countries. European and American liberals no longer matter; the power now resides elsewhere, and Holy Father Francis has accelerated this change due to his recent appointments "from the peripheries" to the College of Cardinals.
Yes, originally I said something rather nasty, and I removed it. Dot you have to be snide in responding to my removal of the nastiness?  You most certainly do have an agenda: Conservative hierarchs are incapable of doing or saying anything wrong. Your defense of Cardinal Burke's blatant homophobia is a good example. You also believe that the same Cardinal Burke did a thorough job in investigating the sexual abuse allegations in Guam, even though he was there for two (2) days. You defended Archbishop Nienstedt even though it was shown that he had perjured himself.  You also sneer at liberal Catholics. You may recall an MSW column in which he called for liberals to show love to conservatives. I asked you directly if you had ever shown love or sympathy towards liberals. Your dancing around the subject clearly said "no".
Once again, supposed defenders of the baker demonstrate an inability to do so within the actual facts of the case. There was no issue of any "gay-themed cake" in the incident - the baker refused to discuss theme or other design issues once he found out they were a gay couple. It is NOTHING like requiring a kosher restaurant to sell a BLT - it is like a kosher restaurant refusing to sell someone latkes because that customer is a Southern Baptist.
The pronouncements on this issue are not part of the Deposit of Faith.  They are a question of discipline and Church politics and reflect a deep misogyny, just as much of the commentary on gay marriage is bigoted (to whit, if the Church employs people in a hetero civil marriage, which it considers invalid, it cannot treat those in a homosexual civil marriage differently).  I suspect the reluctance to ordain women comes from the fact that they would think clearly on this issue.
Our sexual appetites and passions do not define us.  We are defined by our choices and actions.  One is only homosexual if one chooses to define themselves by their sexual appetites and passions. One is only homosexual if one chooses to reduce their person-hood to their sexual appetites and passions.  No one is "created" anything.  One may be born with homosexual attractions. Having homosexual attractions does not make on a homosexual.  One becomes homosexual through the choice to identity with homosexuality.  One becomes homosexual through actions.  The human species is not animals.  We can control our behaviors.  When our appetites lead us towards behaviors that are contrary to reason and morality we can choose not to engage in those behaviors.  I echo Monica: one is not "created" to be gay, anymore than one is "created" to be an alcoholic, an adulterer, a murderer, etc.  We define ourselves by our choices, not our passions.
Retaliate? Tell me more. He owns congress, he is Putin's tool so there will be no trouble from the Russkies. He will soon own the Supreme Court so Roe V. Wade will be history, as will some of the progress in gay rights. He will institute far, far right, far far more religious people that you or I as his advisors... When one gives a strongman a chance, the vulnerable suffer, and as time passes there are fewer and fewer courageous voices. CNN helped elect Trump by the 24/7 titillated coverage, I doubt they will report any real news about his mistakes. This is like in Harry Potter when the ministry of magic fell. The offices still stood, but the people inhabiting them were creatures of evil. You give him a chance. I will do what I can to remember what a strong an independent voice sounds like and use mine.  Sucking up to evil...ask the fans of Nixon what the result of that was. As those dead in the Middle East, thanks to George W. Bush, if they had a chance.  Hugh Massengill, Eugene
her beliefs are misogynistic, anti-semitic, anti-gay, and anti-science so her hurt feelings really dont mean that much to me.
"Protests against police use of force occurred in other cities such as Tulsa in Oklahoma and Charlotte in North Carolina. The use of heavy-duty riot gear and military-grade weapons and equipment to police these demonstrations raised several concerns in terms of the demonstrators’ right to peaceful assembly."  "Disparities in women’s access to sexual and reproductive health care, including maternal care, continued. The maternal mortality ratio rose over the last six years; African-American women remained nearly four times more likely to die of pregnancy-related complications than white women. "  "Legal discrimination against LGBTI people persisted at the state and federal level."  "Over 80,000 prisoners at any given time were held in conditions of physical and social deprivation in federal and state prisons throughout the country."  "Twenty men were executed in five states, bringing to 1,442 the total number of executions..."  Fix your own house first before condemning your neighbour.
Precisely. He's forever sulking about how gay people have (mis)appropriated the use of words like "gay" and "LGTB" while he's doing his level best to re-appropriate the use of scary words "sodomy" and "sodomite." Sadly for him, it isn't working.
Oh please! How would you have reacted if Michelle Obama or Hillary Clinton had participated in lesbian porn photos?
I meant refuses to make ANY custom wedding cake for gay couples while making custom wedding cakes for any heterosexual couple.
Québécoise transgender actress Gabrielle Tremblay for Her FIRST film role received Her FIRST nomination and the FIRST transgender to be nominated as Best Actress in a Supporting role to the Canadian Screen Award for Her performance in the film  « Ceux qui font les révolutions qu’à moitié n’ont fait que creuser leur tombeau» (Those Who Make Revolution Halfway Only Dig Their Own Graves/  Best Canadian Film at TIFF, 2016 (Huge Success! But Huge Scandal too! And the Beginning of a “Myth”, of a “Cult Movie”, of “RedSquare” symbol) see trailer onYouTube= https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaLBRRbyYzw)  (copy-paste in wb address)  and see Her interview (onYouTube)=  L'actrice transgenre Gabrielle Boulianne-Tremblay à Tout Le Monde En Parle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PmKpmVfl68   and don't miss..."he" was "she" (Alexis) &  "she" was "he" (Khloé) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAcnuG3mTSA&t=765s
I'm starting to think Trump will be a great president after reading drivel like this from the G&M. Don't you have more opinion pieces on transgender washroom selection?
Paul wrote before the Gospels.  Actually, there was Paul and pseudo-Paul.  Paul was of the belief, common to the early Church, that Jesus would return in glory just any day now (the more Pius Trads and Protestant sects still do and you can see it by how they deal with sin).  Paul preferred no sex by anyone at one point, but that was delusion, not inspiration.  Note that while he condemned Homosexuality in Romans 1, it was not new teaching and he basically said that theocracies had no open homosexuality but Roman society did because there was no moral government.  That is a truism, not a condemnation.  For him, as a Rabbi, there was no question, so he simply carries the error of the Babylonian Rebi who wrote Leviticus.  Note that in Romans 2 he said all were guilty of the same sins and must find Christ.  He also helped lead the movement to dump all of the food rules in Leviticus, so he believed in doctrinal maleability.
USCCB: "honor and respect the laws of this nation." From their website: “looks forward to working with President-elect Trump to protect human life from its most vulnerable beginning, [a] commitment to domestic religious liberty, ensuring people of faith remain free to proclaim the truth about man and woman (code for anti-transgender), and the unique bond of marriage that they can form [and that]  migrants and refugees can be humanely welcomed WITHOUT SACRIFICING OUR SECURITY."   Don't count out Chaput. He has always had the role of "eminence grise." He chose Gomez as his auxiliary and protege. Before that, Gomez was head of Opus Dei in Houston, DiNardo's archdiocese.  And, yes, none are "Francis men" i.e. PR sensitive. For example, Cupich fired two gay employees who married and defrocked a priest for an "inappropriate" relationship with another male. Cupich also failed to report a child-porn addicted priest to the police.
Though the sexual teachings may be disregardable-due to their origin in-clerical asexuality (not chosen celibacy, but a sexual orientation, like homosexuality) and be socially outdated as patriarchal, it is correct on mandatory sterilization although scientifically inaccurate on contraception being equivalent to abortion (while embryologists won’t say life begins at gastrulation, what they say about it should ring true for anyone who has read Aristotle’s teachings on the human soul, which are still used by Thomistic philosophers). Pius on the innocence of the child does not understand that innocence is not an issue in any life question. Danger is. Even economic danger, although he has a solution.
the sooner it is legal, the sooner taxpayers have to stop paying for this expensive enforcement nonsense. after hours booze cans and the speeding laws are also poorly enforced, especially during rush hours, but the bible-thumpers, prudes, and drunks running the show in the east get their panties in a bunch over harmless potheads who dont know any black market dealers to get their medicine or herbal candy from. toronto the good doesnt appear to have changed much since the days of police raids on gay bath houses. Youre not in kansas anymore, toronto.
>I am not defending the DUP Liar ! You STARTED this thread by defending the DUP from the article's charge that they are a homophobic party !  And myself and Alan Shore proved you wrong. You couldn't handle being wrong so now you're trying to twist it and make this a debate on the legitimacy of gay rights by bringing completely unrelated things into the discussion.  >and for the record it is legal in N Ireland Only because the EU forced them to legalize it. The DUP supported Brexit SOLELY for the opportunity to make it illegal again.  The Baker case was in the USA - and frankly it was EXACTLY right for the SAME reason it should be illegal to refuse to bake a cake for a black couple's wedding.  A public business must treat all members of the public equally. By the way, thats in the South African constitution. Over here - that baker wouldn't just risk a lawsuit, that refusal would be a criminal offense (and it's a damn good thing too)
Kris:  I've quite aware of the long process of "transgendering".  I understand that.  "ignorant"?  As I mentioned, becoming transgendered is hardly an impulsive action.  I certainly didn't intend to slight anyone who decides to go through that long process you mention.  regards, Gary Crum
Add in to the bill that those people will not be allowed transgender operations at government expense ($120k-plus), and let's see how many join.  Interesting how Congress has cut back on educational benefits for veterans as well and the fact that the VA has been a joke for decades with McCain and others doing nothing about the problem, but these people  [sic] get operations for free.
I'm not certain just why you think gay relationships or racial freedoms are relevant to the issue of euthanasia.  Concerning the rest of your comment, I note that while you state you disagree with Dr Wells, you actually make no argument to support your disagreement.  Dr. Wells did make a reasonable point that not all hospitals offer all services.  As long as all services are available within a reasonable distance, where is the harm in a hospital choosing not to offer some services?
I believe in the freedom of speech as well as the freedom of expression. As long as the speech/expression is in the appropriate venue. I do however have a strong dislike for individuals that use their freedoms in an attempt to block anothers.    In my opinion Mr. Grisham here is where you went wrong. You went to a Gay Pride Event with the intent to stir the pot, not "outreach". You don't need a megaphone for an "outreach". I'll also point out that your body language and facial expression in the image above do not suggest an interest in helping anyone. I believe your intention was to distract/disrupt any fun they could be having. This is a tactic straight from the Westboro play book.  Same message, different words, how are you not affiliated?  I suggest you revisit the New Testiment because your message is off point. Here is an example of how Jesus treated sinners: Luke 7:36-50. I ask, who do you think Jesus was confrontational with, the prostitute or the Pharisees?
By definition, homophobic remarks must relate to homosexuals.  Are you acknowledging that he is a homosexual?
Thanks As Always, Mr. Wohlforth for another well researched & well written story about People in Alaska who can & do Make a difference. On that Same note I would ask You to Skip Jerry Prevo, He's Not what I would call someone who does Good for the Community, But only Uses the Community (and The tax Shield that Religious Org's Enjoy) to His Own twisted ends. Having Known & Worked with this Organisation over the past (20) years, lastly working with the Boy Scouts here in Anchorage, I am Personally Ashamed to have Known this Organisation( I would not call them a church , but more of a Cult of Money & Exclusion), as when the Boy Scouts Nationwide were forced to accept "gay" Boy Scouts due to the Political climate of the times, Jerry Prevo took it upon himself & His Own Brand of 19th Century "Christianity", to Throw Out the Boy Scouts who had called this place their Home....All in the Name of Their Intolerance or lack of Acceptance of the 21st Century realities & to Prove Their Point.
Mercy is necessary because there's a sense of offense and something that is terribly done to someone. If there's no sin, then mercy cannot ever follow. Is it mercy to say to someone either committing adultery, homosexual actions, or a thief, there's no sin you've committed? If so, then there's no mercy - no forgiveness - because there's no offense. Because you cannot ever sense a wrong coming out of it. Therefore, for Mercy, there must be freewill and the ability/choice to do wrong. God didn't make us like the other creatures for which cannot sin, since they can never be destined either to Heaven nor Hell. God made our souls, beside our bodies, as an eternal resting point to which He may say: "Well done my good and faithful servant." All that Jesus describes of Heaven and Hell are everlasting feats in the Creation of the Soul of a man (i.e. men, women, and children.) God made people for Heaven not Hell. But the devil and his followers have made Hell from their sins - unrepentant.)
Ha ha ha, yes, but many hung on tight to Leviticus' anti-gay proscriptions. Unbelievable. Magic paper, placed in the service of oppressing people.
"Is the answer, then, for the clergy to come out? Martin does not say. But he does call LGBT Catholics to greater compassion for their clerical leaders, whom, he says, "might be homosexual men who at a younger age were tortured by the same hateful attitudes that most LGBT people experienced growing up."  According to his autobiography, Martin says he was about 25 when he began his quest for the priesthood.   And that he'd never been on a date with a girl.  I'm all for compassion for gay people, but the time has come for honesty.   If priests are gay, they need to step up and admit it.   If men are ss attracted and seek a vocation, they too need to step up and admit it.    Let's be done with the coy sidestepping.    Let's end this game of pretending.    We've seen the results of pretending gay men are straight, or the notion that sexual orientation can be rectified with proper formation and prayer, or that sexual orientation doesn't really exist:  thousands of lives ruined by predators.
It is not a politician's job to promote sexuality. Against many Canadians' wishes, the Canadian government has legalized homosexual marriage and benefits, and has even curtailed Canadians' freedom to express an opinion about it (unless it's a positive opinion). Homosexual rights are fully intact in Canada and Canadians are forced to tolerate it.  Given that all of these rights and protections have already been granted, the government has done its job and should step away. It is way beyond the mandate of the prime minister of this country to go out and flamboyantly promote homosexual lifestyles. When he does this he is following his personal agenda, and not representing the values of the majority of Canadians. If he wants to participate in this type of parade, he should wait until he has left politics, and then he can do whatever he likes.
MilesD: Given the real history of the Gay Pride parade ( as described in the posts of Con-quer and BradleyTO),  if the organizing committee did not want a police presence, they would have  made the request. Their history is all about changing laws and policies they disagreed with.  Such a request might not have been granted, but they would have shown that they are 100% against the police, but they are not.  They want the police presence for their personal safety, just not inside the march.  Your answer is a weak attempt at rationalizing the organizing committee's hypocrisy in denying gay police offices a presence in the parade while making sure that the police are present, to lay down their lives if necessary, to protect the gays marching in the parade..
Right. "Good, orthodox Catholics" agree with Paprocki that gays should be hated, feared, shunned and rejected. As I said before, Trid gives us good reason to reject his version of "orthodoxy". Trid's god, that he has created in his own image and likeness, does not love everyone. My God is love itself.
Before everyone gets lost in Andrew Sullivan's personal animus for Hillary Clinton, remember that Sullivan was an ideological conservative Catholic Tory growing up in the UK.  I believe that he was one of those champion debaters at Oxford or Cambridge - he likes to argue for the love of the argument.  Coming out as a gay man and becoming an American are only more recent overlays over those formative beginnings.  Add to all that, Sullivan enjoys being a contrarian much like his fellow Brit Christopher Hitchens, but on the other side of the ideological divide.  Besides, Bill and Hillary Clinton are polarizing political figures because they insist on their infuriating "Third Way" politics.  I voted for Bill Clinton twice but was never a great admirer - we did have a great economy during his presidency.  Hillary on her worse day was always infinitely preferable to the vulgar traitor and Putin's puppet Trump.
Since you are not using your reproductive organs in a way that the authors of this hit piece would advocate/like to mandate, you don't have rights (kinda like LGBTQ folks).  But thanks for playing and paying your taxes.
The post I was commenting on, Duke Charles Martel, singled out western politics, one brand of which must surely be Canadian politics. As for M103, I don't quite get the connection you are trying to make between it and gay marriage and abortion.
Qbcoach15, you should understand the issue before commenting.  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination based on sex, of which there are two only, male and female. Obama decided to change biology by inventing a new sex called “transgender,” and he gave an entirely new interpretation of sex in the law to be whatever a person says they are regardless of their anatomy.  Session’s action merely restores sanity to the law to be interpreted exactly as written.
Justthink, I agree with you. Focus probably should have taken a different approach with certain subjects. But please don't be another pro-gay person who gets upset when somebody brings up something negative about being homosexuality. In this case, it was a person who stopped being gay - which is the worst thing that can happen to the pro-gay movement, right? That's what I've noticed about the pro-gay movement the past 10 years. Pro-gays demand all the rights and privileges but deny any accountability. Part of the accountability is acknowledging there are people who don't agree with homosexuality. In summer 2012, a gay Nebraska woman called the cops and said she was assaulted in her home because she was gay. Investigation showed the injuries were self-inflicted. Pro-gay people in the area were asked about the incident and they said very, very little, because they knew the woman hurt their image. Remember, good, honest Christians have to live with troubling Focus on the Family actions.
Ya know blank the way dude carries on about weed and gays makes me wonder if his girlfriend ran off with another girl and burned one.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/orlando-shooting-religion_us_575d76d5e4b0e39a28add69f?u4ejflhhu8nkx1or  Orlando Gunman’s Father Says Son Was Upset By Gay Kiss, Not Motivated By Religion “We’re apologizing for the whole incident,” his father said.  These are the headlines that broke about 7 minutes ago.   Seems the father of the killer says religion had nothing to do w/the murders.  The killer was homophobic.    My God.  l2g
And you have first hand knowledge that ID is afraid of gays? And you know women from there that have been denigrated?
I don't understand the anecdote about the fellow from Indonesia. It says in the story that homosexuality is legal in all but two provinces in Indonesia.  Surely he could have moved to another province in his country of origin.
Humanism is not secular. A God that is not a Humanist has clay feet. Morality is about human life, not some angelic future. Moderism is not secular, it is about dealing with fact, whether in evolution or archeology. The story about Original Sin and Salvation must change, as well as homosexulaity and birth control. Democracy is not secular. It worked in the early Church and it will work in an age where Medievalism needs to be buried. These forces are not secular. They are a demand from inside the Church to change. Start with Continence, which is stoicism and bigotry, not purity and the rest of the reactionary artifice in the Church will fall away.  The Christian Left does not stop at the Church door. We do not grant the bishops sanctuary. We are coming inside to slap him in the face so he can receive the Holy Spirit (of Prophesy), whom he has been running from for too long.
Ya know what is the most frustrating part of this is? People can clearly see that this is not to their benefit. Indeed, it helps out Wall Street big time.   How will the voters respond? Like my dog with a squirrel, they will be distracted by some phony baloney issue like gays or mosques or some such and vote for the same party that has been rock solid behind the very people doing them. During the campaign, HRC was targeted as a dupe of Wall Street. Now just ask yourself - which party has consistently shown themselves to be the party of Wall Street?  That's O.K. - at least loyal voters can rest easy knowing someone is fighting against the "Gay Agenda" while they pick the voter's pockets.
Who cares? It is a law that protects people's rights. If the majority of people say it is okay to not serve black people in a store, that does not mean there should be no such law. If the majority of people in Colorado did not agree with this law, why is it in effect? Your point is moot.  In a republic, we protect the individual's rights. America!  Your hypothetical question is silly. The law would apply there too. Now, show me a gay baker that would refuse to make a regular wedding cake, lol. Business 101: Do not refuse to take money from paying customers.
One of the reasons we have Trump is that while Dems / Libs were agonizing about transgender washrooms, people in Ohio wanted to know what happened to the $50 / hr jobs they had 10 years ago, and how can they get them back.  It isn't homophobia, or racism or sexism (although there is an element of that), and it wasn't entirely China or free trade agreements (although this contributed). They believed (or wanted to believe) the guy who was going to make things great again. If our pols (Libs and Cons) don't start connecting with the majority of voters, we could see a Trump type here.
The fact Fr. Martin seems to be all about homosexuality all the time makes me think he is a left-wing version of Michael Voris.
There is no confusion on my part, genitals and chromosomal sex do not determine gender. Gender Identity is an innate internal sense of self that usually but not always lines up with ones primary sex characteristics. In the event that a persons internal sense differs from their external genitals that person is likely suffering from Gender Dysphoria. Federal law has long protected not just transgender people but all people from the sex discrimination that you are suggesting. No woman or man needs to pass a genitals or chromosome test to demonstrate their gender at any time. Not for a job, not to play sports. Here is a link to an article from a peer reviewed journal written by actual biologists, doctors and geneticists that explains it better than I could in this space.   http://www.nature.com/news/sex-redefined-1.16943
Constitutional scholar. The only thing that got fudged in Roe was finding a plaintiff and keeping her because the normal pace of appeals would never let an abortion case get to SCOTUS..  Abortion comes under due process rights, according to Chief Justice Roberts in his confirmation hearing. Alito agreed.  Privacy is the relevant right, which comes under due process and equal protection.  It is not secrecy, it is the right to be left alone by the majority because the majority has no compelling interest in legislating on that matter. It applies to birth control, sodomy and prohibitions on gays marrying. While the Church would surely love to dump all of these things, it is not in the interest of the Republic to allow mob rule, even Catholic mob rule, in these matters.  As important is federal supremacy, which resides in the 14th Amendment.  Would you really repeal either? I certainly would not.  Note that these matters are both jurisdictional and have nothing to do with abortion per se.
- as Catholics, it defies the natural law and is intrinsically disordered  - for most other Americans - Christian, Jewish, and Muslim -  it is immoral behavior  - it weakens our nation's moral consensus  - it makes it difficult to raise children who are morally straight  - it weakens the family as the cornerstone of society  There are lot of folks with family members, friends, and co-workers who have same attractions who are not "homophobes" who oppose same sex marriage.  That your name-calling doesn't make the grade of civil intelligent discourse has been pointed out to you numerous times.
"The bulk of the asylum seekers appear to be made up of families, often with small children, who have, in many cases, been living in the United States for years. "  Look like they can't play the gay card.  https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/haiti-proposes-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-public-support-for-lgbtq-rights/article35897354/
Appreciate the article on Mexico & murder of priests. Sadly, the RCC gets people to take to the streets against gays under cover of protecting marriage. Just finished reading HILLYBILL ELEGY.  He makes a strong plea for the family, too. Biological parents do not insure a wholesome family. The Gay movement is more on target with "love makes a family." Persons would mature more healthily in a relationship in which love, an act of will, trumps involuntary biology.  Having lived recently in Mexico for 14 months, the author describes my experience.  A brave man, Fr. S., who has taken on the institutional church. He didn't learn from Jesus about the danger of institutional religon. How long before he is hoisted onto the cross? And, like Jesus of old, will not the hands of the religious hierarchy be sullied?
Paid agitators on both sides.  Craigslist Post paying 5K to $25/hr,  a hollywood firm for a crowd.  Cops funneling the right wingers towards the antifa communists.    This is out of saul alinsky's playbook, divide and conquer.  Diamond and Silk, are black, women and conservative and they support Trump! Milo, Gay, Jewish, another Trump supporter.  Trump's own daughter Jewish, Trumps longtime confidant, Cohen, Jewish, Trump's own Son-in-Law, Jewish!  So to think Trump's is a NAZI is absurd and conjecture!  These white Nationalists are no different then La Raza or BLM, they are not all white supremacists.  Perhaps they too are sick of seeing out of control immigration in only White Nations?  On an industrial scale from NGO's and why?  I think Trump and Co. are getting closer and closer to that massive pedo child ring, linking John Podesta and the DNC.  Remember both Bill and Barry went to Epstein island.    Why hasn't the left press covered the biological attack from Antifa, feces urine?
Rex, I strongly doubt the Trump reign will be about tolerance.     As just one example, his vice-president strongly opposed any aspect of legal protection of LGBT rights.  About gay marriage, he said: “societal collapse was always brought about following an advent of the deterioration of marriage and family.”   He voted against a law banning workplace discrimination claiming it  “wages war on freedom and religion in the workplace.”  That's what 'forcing their vision on the people' really is.
I think you missed my point. Just like hunting for sport, I would never use a prostitute. However, I recognize some members of the community find this action acceptable. I'm willing to recognize the concept of sexual relations in exchange for money between two consenting adults as a simple business deal.  I'm sorry that I appeared to get off track and confused you with the comparisons to hunting, as well as the morality of homosexual or multi partner relationships.
Our society is going backwards. We are accommodating primitive beliefs at the cost of free speech, equality for women, and tolerance for gays and minorities.    This will end very very badly.
They believe in lesser government until it cuts into their profits or it involves women, minorities or gays.
Sins are sins because they make our lives harder to live, not because they anger God.  They anger God because we are unhappy.  Homosexuality, at least on the male side, is naturally occurring at a stable rate.  The bias toward procreation is idealism, not nature.
Try responding to my points just once, Bill.  As far as hatred: you do know that no hate speech against any group of people occurs in the Democratic Party, right? The tent is open to all as long as they don't engage in hate speech or actions. Gays, immigrants, people-of-color, welfare recipients--- these are just a few of the folks that continually are vilified by the President and Republicans. They are the guys that have created much of the toxicity we now see all too often.  Can you own up to it? How do you feel about those minorities, Bill? Intolerance? Strong dislike? Imagine yourself in a large group of similar guys, working yourselves up into a frenzy, and then going home to your vast collection of semi-automatic weaponry...
Religious rights are absolutely protected. You have the right to believe in and worship a zombie lord that comes back from the dead, or a meatball that morphs into a zebra. That is your right guaranteed by the greatest documant ever written, the Constitution.  What that great document does not allow is for you to use your religion to discriminate against people. That document does not give you the right to not be offended.   The government is not asking the cake maker to violate his beleifs, the government is asking him to not discriminate based on sexual orientation. He could stop making wedding cakes for everyone, PROBLEM SOLVED!  It is pretty clear and easy to understand.  If you want to discriminate against gays, move to one fo the 30 states that allows it, or lobby to allow discrimination here in Colorado.   Good luck with that!
1 can go literally go or not literally go, but in both circumstances, I end up at a comedy club.  As we speak.  Or post.  That you would so carelessly just lump all comments that are, potty-mouthed, racist, homophobic, religiously bigoted, politically incorrect as the estate of liberals, as if you have any clue, man.  But, it's a free country, mostly thanks to those liberals you routinely bad mouth.  Inappropriate commentary is the domain of liberals in comedy clubs, got it.  I guess then that jumping to ridiculous conclusions is the domain of the overly conservative, as long as we're making sweeping generalizations 'bout others.....the irony lost on you, eh.
I would spend some time getting facts assembled rather than "pegging" people.  Did you know that in  2012 black pastors confronted the Southern Poverty Law Center for smearing as "hate groups" pro-family organizations opposed to homosexual agenda?  Did you know the SPLC brags about being an informant for the FBI. Mark Potok, SPLC spokesman went on the record with "Law enforcement agencies come to us every day with questions about particular groups."  And I would sure take anything the SPLC says with a 5 pound bag of salt.
Raymond Tucker hit the nail on the head.  If your a conservative and you call someone a name , you are to be despised and fired from your job . If your a liberal and call someone a name----the dirtier the better, your a hero using free speech . In Alaska name calling has had negitive results . When liberals called Don Young and Dan Sullivan names , voters responded by electing them.  When gay supporters called those speaking out against a gay rights vote names , they lost the election.  The difference is liberals think it's just fine to call people names , while most conservatives don't.  Even most conservatives said it was wrong of Trump to call other candidates names , yet liberals thought it was great when when Clinton called half of Trump's supporters names .  If one looks at it fairly , it's clear to see that while liberals always call for tolerance , they have absolutely  none for anyone who dares to disagree with them on issues.
Absolutely agree,. the "no fault" divorce system (i.e. anybody can walk out of a marriage at any time, for any reason, and still get the full division of assets and spousal support for years to come) makes it absolutely impossible for people, especially the higher income earner, to want to commit. Go down to family court - you will regularly see people who have cheated and lied and destroyed their marriages, walk out and still recieve full spousal support benefits. For 20 years out country was wrapped in in the comparably insignificant gay marriage debate, while our provincial governments completely obliterated the legal protections of the institution of marriage with the no-fault divorce system.
Are you saying homosexuals are like white supremacists?
Why does it have to be all or nothing with the alt left?...Don't support homosexual marriage? You hate homosexuals. Think the USA is a nation of laws which need to be followed and enforced? You hate Mexicans and Illegal Aliens.  Israel is free to threaten holocaust on everyone else,[4] but it is antisemitic to even protest their right to destroy other people and if you do then you obviously hate jews? I come from a Christian upbringing where we loved the sinner and hated the sin. Isn't it more likely that most people would disapprove of any group of people who are hell bent on genociding the people who's land they stole ... and anyone who has racked up the long list of war crimes, theft and deceit as the pseudo country of Israel.
Good one! I thought maybe you already had. Anyway, in her high school picture she has long blond hair and she's very attractive; if you look closely you realize it's her. It's just curious; something happened on the way to the ranch. I'm not sure she would fall for me. My psychiatrist told me I'm a lesbian trapped in a mans body.
And who heads a church which believes that firing gays because of their sexual orientation is perfectly fine .......
So there is no difference between gays and mafiosi?
Apparently you, like the author, are unfamiliar with “Careful Selection And Training Of Candidates For The States Of Perfection And Sacred Orders”, 1961.  http://www.papalencyclicals.net/John23/j23religios.htm  “any candidate who has a habit of solitary sins and who has not given well-founded hope that he can break this habit within a period of time to be determined prudently, is not to be admitted to the novitiate”  “religious vows and ordination should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies to homosexuality or pederasty”  And even these mentions were nothing new.
DOD's Health Care Expenditures in 2014: $49.3 Billion Est. cost to provide transgender related services $2.4-$8.4 Million (per CNN)  MAGA one penny at a time...
There are two chief obstacles to effecting a change in church teaching about homosexuality, both of which have been "litigated" to death on this board: 1.  The historically and theologically untenable claim that the church can't change its moral teaching. 2.  The realization that pulling at any of the threads of official teaching about human sexuality (masturbation, contraception, homosexuality) and the whole ball of string unravels. Some day, a pope or council will issue a statement effectively changing church teaching.  It will be easy to spot: it will begin with, "As the church has always taught ..." or, "As our Venerable Predecessor said ..." This will happen as it dawns on the powers-that-be that the praxis of the People of God has already effected the change.
CE:  No, CE, I am not a homosexual.  I'm a monogamous heterosexual and have been married to my lively (was going to type "lovely" and made a typo,  actually that "lively" works too) wife, Sally, for 54 years.  I have personal friends who ARE homosexual and have had those friendships for forty years or more.  They are absolutely wonderful people and the sexual preference doesn't play any role in our friendship.  I really couldn't care less about anyone's sexual preference or sexual relationships.  I'm an "old fashioned" guy and feel your sex life and romantic relationships are YOUR business.    I do know of instances where the condemnation of family has destroyed the lives of young homosexual men and women, and it saddens me.  IMO, it's possible to support the rights and welfare of homosexual persons without being a homosexual yourself.  In fact, I think it's part of being a decent person.  Hope that answers your question...Gary Crum
Your analogy is seriously flawed. The Jews in question were fleeing annihilation by Hitler and the Nazis. Many of the individuals who are now being denied entry into the U.S. are adherents of a violent and odious ideology that is akin to Nazism.  Like the Nazis, the members of the crescent moon death cult seek to kill Jews, gays, Christians  and anyone who opposes their totalitarian aims.
Apparently, LGBTQ have more rights than normies do. For instance, LGBTQ can force people to do things against their will.
No, but it seems G&M have doubts so are adding   "people" on  the end of "gays" so there's no misunderstanding by its readers - sorry, make that - its reader people.
I salute your candor, and your willingness to listen to the more reasonable partisans (there were some, including in my own suburban town) of the demagogue. It is too easy to stereotype and paint with a broad brush. Some of us are appalled by this person who will be in the 2017 White House, yet are uncomfortable to an extreme with "identity politics". My faith teaches me we are called to lift up everyone, and that politics should not be a zero sum game. It should not be necessary or desirable to label people as "marginalized" unless you are willing to include that unemployed white person in a hardscrabble Rust Belt town with a ruined downtown and a dead nephew from addiction to drugs. They are as much "marginalized" (and I'd say more so) than a gay or lesbian couple in a warm, safe suburban home with two incomes, or a black physician or professor in a brand new condo.   Let us support lifting up all, with policies that respect all, and not be atomized into groups with axes to grind.
"At the same time, leaders such as Reed and Jerry Falwell Sr. never hid their desire to bring change through the election of a president who could elevate and enshrine conservative Christian values on issues such as school prayer, abortion, marriage and gay rights."  Admit it: that could just as easily describe the USCCB.
"Transgender ban in service bad idea, say former brass" -  BUT 'Transgender ban in service bad idea, says former Enlisted Man, NCO'. Who Can You Trust?? Will a confused person make great Defense decisions, Not in my Book!
To be fair, as much as I admire Anglicanism, the subject of homosexuality has long vexed the world-wide Anglican Communion, with some member bodies (like the American and Canadian branches) supportive of LGTB people and others, like the church in Africa, being solidly against us. But that's what I admire about Anglicanism: it's messiness. They at least are willing to air out arguments in the light of day with considerable lay input. Within Catholicism it's trickle-down all the way, baby, and nothing ever sees the light of day.
The purpose of having civil rights or freedom of religion is to protect the rights of minorities. It doesn't really matter what the majority believe. The question is also overly broad. You might believe there is a right to not participate in gay weddings but not a right to withhold healthcare, gasoline, or groceries in an everyday situation. It depends on the type of business and the occasion.
Of course. One of the main concerns of the White American Right is to keep everyone else -- women, gays, blacks, latins -- subservient to them. They are upset that women, for example, see themselves as equal to men. They know that Trump, the pu$$y grabber, is on their side.
In some society's cultures for centuries, one is the Pacific Islanders, Transgender community members were placed in a position of honor in the family structure as " Aunties" who helped care for the children. Now that was before surgeries and hormones, that was when a men may have dressed as the sex they felt they were in female attire and acknowledged as that sex by their community by being addressed , "Aunt".
This season was one where all cast members were veterans of the game, so the outing was not a "rookie"  misjudgement. (Zeke had previously referred to himself as gay.) However, Jeff was not actually voted out of the game. He left because the outrage by fellow members of his tribe made him realize that they would vote him out - not just as a game move, but disgust over what he had done.
She and Her friends,  the gender study activists at Ryerson, BLM , Qu AIA, lesbian councilor WongTam, and the lesbian controlled Pride committee  are in cahoots.
Wrong again; sorry!  You need to have some facts to back your opinion, sort of like with science if you cant prove it is so it is simply a theory not a law.    Being trans, or gay, or a lesbian, or straight is not an alternative lifestyle.  We are born this way, we were created this way.  Living authentically as ourselves is just us, no affectation, no today I'm going to be the trans person or the queer person or the intersexed person down the block.  Being on the margins of society is not a hobby or lifestyle it is so real that about 40% of transgender people attempt or succeed at suicide because of the negative treatment they receive at the hands of the judgemental.
How about switching positions.  I know this cannot happen as Schwarznegger is not a natural born US citizen, but unlike Trump he is a fairly moderate Republican.  He is not a bigot, he believes in climate change, supports gay rights, and is at least level headed.  Yes he is still a conservative but not crazy like Trump.
My guess is you still don't get it or don't want to I'm not sure? But " school children, college student, shoppers, diners, movie-goers" to my knowledge none of these categories of individuals are specifically listed in the Quran as being "un-godly or vile people" who must die or be killed.  The fact remains a big part of ISIS ideology is anti-liberal western cultural and homosexuals represent among other things liberal western cultural which are specifically mentioned [Quran] in such ways they become primary targets of ISIS.
You really have to learn something about the topic.  Way back when they tried using testosterone.  It didn't do anything (other than produce the sort of results that steroids generally do).  And every peer reviewed study I've ever seen on the subject has concluded that the hormone levels of transgendered individuals are completely normal (for their biological sex).  So, unless you know something that medical researchers don't ....
I do not like Blaize Cupich anymore than you do---but your comment is a little extreme even for me. "That is why so many dioceses, e.g. Boston, have had homosexual ordinaries for as long as 120 years..." With all due respect--that is a bit conspiracy theorist for my tastes.    I am not sure how much JPII actually directly considered American bishop appointments.  A lot of people tell me that the liberal nutters like Mahoney, Clark (Rochester) and Bernadine (for example) were the result of the nutter Apostolic Nuncio at the time not JPII.  If you think about it, how much is the pope actually going to be directly involved in the selection of a bishop? He is going to reply on advice from nuncios.
trump HAS NO CHANCE of winning.  His own party wants NOTHING TO DO WITH HIM.  He's insulted and alienated:  blacks Hispanics women asians muslims jews gays you name it...he's offended them and LOST THEIR VOTE.  He only has the LOON VOTE.
"115 House Dems want proof Trump coordinated transgender military ban with Pentagon"  meanwhile, house republicans ignore trump's assault on america.  why is that?
Not decorating a cake with a gay theme or for a gay wedding is NOT discrimination, not a violation of anyone's RIGHTS. The baker's RIGHT to his artistic expression (speech) and his religious convictions and associations are inalienable RIGHTS, that do not violate any RIGHTS of a gay person. Obviously you are determined to misread and mischaracterize everything that does not agree with your bias.
It is the height of wishful thinking to believe an all-male, unmarried clergy will not attract gay men.  If you want to end the gay mafia, married men should be admitted to the priesthood, like Jesus did.
As unfortunate as this is the qualifier being a “gay nightclub” is perhaps exactly why it was the target. The “gay nightclub” qualifier for ISIS represents liberal western cultural which is exactly what ISIS reels against the infidels, un-godly, vile people whatever term they use etc., For an ISIS gunman to pick such a soft target they are sending a message that U.S. laws can't protect a protected class.
Do I have to bake a gay wedding cake, when I'm already happy to bake absolutely anything BUT?
Pride was about building something. BLM is destroying  something. The two are irreconcilable but Kirsten Wong Tam has taken a side and it is not that of the white gay men of Toronto who started Gay Pride in 1981
The problem with Canada taking LGBT refugees is that a lot of LGBT refugees from countries like Ukraine, Moldova, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Russia, Iran, Georgia fake their stories that they are gay/lesbian. They write up a few fake relative/friend letters in support of their refugee case, and temporarily become a member of an LGBT association in Canada and IRB grants them asylum. Trudeau government also recently banned the IRB from scrutinizing LGBT refugees too much. So Canada is giving an easy pass to a lot of LGBT refugees who are fake.
This comes as no surprise, and neither will the decision to restore the female diaconate be a surprise.  Francis is crafty and bright.  Notice how we are slowly, very slowly, moving along in the right direction where the church will one day be again the gospel-centered fellowship it was meant to be rather than a hierarchy-centered club that it had become.  Francis doesn't do splashy things but allows time to peacefully and prayerfully unfold the Vatican II church that we were promised 50 years ago but had  snatched away by the two you-know-whos.  I think that even the total acceptance of gay marriage will be realized if not through the wisdom of Francis, then by his successor.  And the icing on the cake will be the ministerial priesthood open to everyone.  It all takes time.  In Francis's pontificate it is important and necessary to read between the lines ... and wait ... wait ... wait.  Perhaps that's why we need to celebrate Advent every year, so we can become a more patient people.
This is 12 years when we placed Transgender Bill first time on the table, to be repeatedly timed out for bureaucratic reasons. All research and arguments were presented, no stone left unturned.  Now, the difference is, it is a Government Bill. All they have to do is to say 'yes' to it. I don't see any waste of ministerial time.
"I find the "medical needs" statement odd since transgender people have the same organs that so-called "regular" people hav" That's great they have the same organs but special procedures such as hormone treatments would cost the taxpayer close to $8M a year and $1.3B over a decade. More importantly the effect on the force can not be overlooked. As I said, ask the men/women in the trenches for true opinions, not the guy on the street who hasn't a dog in the fight and couldn't care less.
Disappointed at the result.  Would have preferred Chong or O'Toole.  The socially progressive bridge of abortion, gay marriage, etc. has been crossed and must stay crossed if Sheer has any hope of winning in 2019.
Men who have sex with men (MSM) are a well-documented group at elevated risk for HIV infection. Indeed, estimates suggest that 9% to 27% of gay and bisexual men and MSM in the United States are currently living with HIV infection.   Further, recently released statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicate that the rate of new HIV diagnoses among MSM is more than 44 times that of heterosexual men.  44X!  Population-based surveys over the last decade have consistently documented elevated risk for suicide attempts among gay and bisexual men compared with heterosexual men.   And recently, a study reported greatly elevated suicide mortality rates among Danish men in registered same-gender domestic partnerships.   These findings suggest that men with minority sexual orientation may experience elevated risk for premature death from multiple causes.  But Jimbo is OK with that.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3093261/
What about the many, many times that fake journalist but known male prostitute Jeff Guckert/Gannon signed into the White House during the Bush reign of error Dick? Any thoughts on that? Just type in Jeff Guckert and read all about it.  He was given press credentials by the Bush admin even after access was refused by Congress. Who was he servicing do you suppose?  Here's a taste:   "After the January 26, 2005, press conference, scrutiny into his personal and professional background by news organizations and blogs began. On February 8, 2005, Gannon resigned from Talon News and shut down his website, Jeffgannon.com. According to Howard Kurtz of the Washington Post:  "Jeff Gannon, ... whose naked pictures have appeared on a number of gay escort sites, says that he has 'regrets' about his past but that White House officials knew nothing about his salacious activities."[4]"
"Cardinal Law is an example of those who flaunt the moral teachings of the Church." So if we "flaunt the moral teachings of the Church," will we be rewarded with a nice apartment in Rome?  "Cardinal Law and homosexual advocates have much more in common with each other than they realize." Since that is the case, will the Vatican be welcoming homosexual advocates like they welcomed Cardinal Law?
Things like race and gender matter to census stasticians and I get that those numbers can illustrate situations for different groups, but beyond that why does race and gender even matter?  I applaud films like this that display what life is like for transgendered people and tell their story, there should be more documentaries and ways to educate people on what it is like for others. The political part to this of Trump wanting to do away with PBS in the name of fiscal conservatism is laughable.  It is an attack on culture, consciousness and a non-profit voice and mentality.  There are other ways to deal with country's financial issues rather than using  the short sighted view of austerity.  It is often just justification to spend elsewhere or give tax breaks to wealthy
The guy didnt want to make a gay cake, leave him alone for petes sake 😃
The Congregation for Clergy still seems to be flummoxed by the presence of "Marias" and "Marios" in the Church. They have yet to realize that sexual abuse is not exclusively homosexual nor heterosexual, and that it is they who need "to listen deeply to real situations" if they expect to be "capable of good judgment in making choices and decisions." Surprisingly, they are admitting that women should be involved in formation and evaluation of candidates for ordination since it is mostly women who fulfill "Martha's role" in the daily life of the Church. They are still trying to figure out what to do about "Mary's role."
BLM should take on its own racial community for all the denial and hatred directed towards LGBT community.  I well remember the complete lack of acknowledgment and support from the black "community" during the AIDS crisis in the 80's.  Why should care about their issues when they never cared about ours?  Why should I care about AIDS in Africa when they didn't care about AIDS in America?   They have plenty of work to do among their own before disrupting all the great work done by (overwhelmingly white) gay and lesbians in the society at large.   Heal thyself!
The fact that this person is transgendered shouldn't matter. The real question should be, can she do the job?
I've noticed from gay pride parades that some of the men present a stereotyped image of what it is to be gay. The flamboyant stuff is not what it means to be a typical gay man.  That makes me want to be no more than an ally.
I would never presume to doubt your word that you and your gay son get along well. But you're kidding yourself if you think your son isn't withholding a significant portion of himself from you, perhaps the most important part, knowing that you don't want any part of it. You certainly exude supreme confidence in your firm positions, but I would caution you not to close too many doors prematurely. You only have so many years left with your son.
I'm confused..one would think a transgendered person would not want attention drawn to their new sexual identity. With the ACLU tampering with their Rights regarding bathroom use and bringing attention to what one would think a private issue would seem more problematic. What's wrong with.."don't ask, don't tell"?  Just use the bathroom that fits your trans gender...no one will know and why should they, unless you want them to and why would you?    To bring attention to this topic in the early grades would be most difficult. Taking natural biology and standing it on it's head to "become" the opposite sex is a big order to embrace for preadolescents and yet the ACLU in some cases is pushing for special education and bathroom policies in the early grades.
Chechnya is a part of the Russian Federation, so by granting refugee status to gays who had fled Chechnya but were still living in Russsia, it gave our Russophobe Foreign Affairs Minister a way of undermining Russian territorial integrity. Azerbaijan isn't part of Russia and, unlike Armenia, has refused to join the Eurasian Union, in which Russia is the main partner, so I suspect Freeland will show much less interest in the plight of Azeri gays than she has in their Chechen counterparts.
I hope someone asks the participants of the Pride parade their honest opinions on this topic.  I'm sure their views won't be any different than Milo's.  But because most of them vote left their predatory behaviours and attitudes are forgiven and painted over as the 'gay culture'.  Only when someone holds the 'wrong' political views did it become a problem.
If the deli doesn't already have ham on the menu, then no they shouldn't be able to.  In this case, the guy already makes wedding cakes.  As for the clown in Kansas, my bet is that most gay bars would serve them, but the customers would probably make them pretty uncomfortable.  Unfortunately, your analogy falls flat, as ones like this always do.  One that would make more sense is a Muslim guy walking in to a Kosher deli, and the deli owner refusing to serve him on the grounds that he is Muslim.  That however also doesn't work, because even the ultra-orthodox Jews aren't that self righteous.
Id go but for some reason gay dudes would be the only ones grabbing for my nips. #conan
Wow JJ - we can all tell what's on your mind.   Ur a lesbian right?
Hmm- did you read my post? I said that your position on gays is, technically speaking, bigotry.  I won't vote any member of Imago Dei.  Do you really think Pastor McKinley is going to change his conservative Baptist ways and reject female submission and embrace equality of gays and heteros?  By your logic, it would be okay for me to join (insert name of organization you dislike) and give them money on the off chance that the group may change due to my superior reasoning?  There's no solution for Imago Dei.  They are Conservative Baptists and they try and wrap bigotry in religious doctrine so that they can escape criticism.  Because I don't recognize the Bible as holy and because I don't see the Pastor as having spiritual authority, I am writing the whole church off.  I think the world would be a better place if Imago Dei shrinks because their doctrine is unacceptable.   There is nothing gracious or compassionate about treating women and gays as second class citizens.
Please don't compare my Black self with who you have sex with. The Civil Rights struggle of the 50's-60's was about being treated fairly as a human being. Not about who I want to sleep with.The sex fight came much later using some of the same tactics as the leaders of Civil Rights protesters etc.I am forever grateful to the men and women fighting for the rights of black people to have basic human rights.( To be something other than servants or slaves) and not moving to a different lunch counter. Please stop comparing the ability to have homosexual sex to the rights of a particular race of people! As for the baker I understand his thinking. Maybe he should stand on one rationale only. Ephesians 5:3-7. I hope for the best for all. And that you come to know the truth. No. I'm not  hater.
Look at how tolerant liberals are.    "Nor will ASAA hear appeals from anyone who objects to a school’s decision to allow students to compete on teams based on the gender they identify with rather than their biological sex", Strickland said.  "In the event an opponent doesn’t want to compete against a transgender athlete, “what we would tell them (is), ‘You can forfeit,’ ’’ Strickland said.
So educate me, what is the difference between a queer and a gay/lesbian? Hard keeping up with all these new specialty groups.
That'd be me - from Intense Debate -> Disqus -> Civil Comments - lucky enough to be able to use the same screen name over the years ...  Isn't it funny {or sad, actually} that if you have some progressive ideas about topic A or topic B, other posters expect you to be a clone and that you must automatically fall in line with topic C or topic D because it's "the progressive way!".    I wonder how many gays or lesbians are totally comfortable with automatically being grouped with the other add-ons of the LGBTQ alphabet soup ... what happens if NAMBLA gets added on - will that mean that all progressives MUST sign on and agree?
"Yup, in your obsession with Muslims you’ve proved some of their ancient texts are as hostile to gays". As Orlando has shown us there's nothing "ancient" about it.
Like it or not, some people have deeply felt religious concerns about homosexuality. Those concerns are supported, and even codified, by some established religious traditions. That’s a reality that can’t just be ignored, however repugnant we find it.  Religious freedom isn’t just for those we agree with. I find the idea of refusing service to somebody based on personal religious beliefs highly problematic, but that doesn’t mean I dismiss out of hand a person’s right to do so.   I haven’t made up my mind on this issue. I just want people to understand it’s complexity. It isn’t just about Michael Phillips. It’s also about you and me and whether or not the state has the right to coerce us into actions we find morally objectionable.
I believe natural law is the eternal law (which is the term of art - spiritual law is individualized).  Both are divine origin because humans are of divine origin. Whether that is best determined by reality or Roman reasoning from first principles is the where we differ and it gives me a great deal of validation whenever you disagree with me on these matters.  The Church can claim to purse truth through reason and evidence or doctrine through authority.  If it ignores the latter because of its mastery of the former than it is committing sin against the Holy Spirit and will not be forgiven.  We believe gay teens kill themselves because they are tortured by the choice between authenticity and what they are taught about morality because they leave suicide notes.  Those who simply affirm their gaety as their identity don't tend to take their own lives.  There is no doubt who is to blame.  Look in the mirror if you are unsure.
One of the two BLM head honchos also embezzled a quarter million dollars from the U of T student union. Should Pride have a political stance in favour of financial crimes because she also happens to be lesbian?
My granddaughter attended a march in Orlando. Not one hate chant told hold. All was peaceful. They were there to say this man does not represent my values, along with their gay, trans, Mexican, black, Muslim, Jewish friends.
Actually Boyle and his wife look just like us. Can you defend a religion that throws gays off of buildings,promotes FGM, treat women as second class citizens, allows for wife beatings, says a nine year old girl is old enough to marry. All of those 'practices' are against Canadian law so do you think any of that is o.k.?
How can "honorable Republicans support Trump?"  The same way they supported their former speaker of the House, Dennis Hastert who was blackmailed by a man who said Hastert rapped him repeatedly when he was a teenager.  The general public didn't know that Hastert was a closet homosexual that preyed on boys.  Not only did Hastert get caught funneling well over one million dollars to his blackmailer, he got away with rape and being sentenced to federal prison for his past sexual behaviors.  And this guy was third in line to the presidency!  Republican insiders knew very well the deep dark and ugly secrets of Hastert and they kept quiet.  That's how prominent Republicans defend that the end justifies the means.
"The ACLU says an estimated 8,800 or more transgender people currently serve in the military". Are they referring to actual transgender, or just grouping as queer. 8800 sounds a bit high.
What I can't believe is that with the earth well on it's way to resembling Dante's Inferno, how is it that any government even allows new planes to be built, let alone allowing air travel?  I mean, really? Travelling on a non-emergency leisure trip in a vehicle that emits more carbon than a lifetime of travelling by bicycle ever will....think of the children!  C'mon guy and gals and (insert transgender pronoun), we're either all-in in saving the planet or we're not.
It is disgraceful that BLM has managed to hijack a joyful event like the Pride Parade.  It is shameful that the leadership at Pride has agreed to this offensive action.  I have a gay daughter and daughter-in-law, a gay nephew and nephew-in-law and a large number of gay friends.  None of them support this ban.
I'm trying to appreciate your perspective, Fracture, and I don't see where anyone is "denying religious freedom."  Within the bounds of the law (having more than one wife, e.g., isn't legal), people are free to worship as they will.  What they are not free to do is impose their religious beliefs on others--as in a public official who refuses, on religious grounds, to marry people who are legally entitled to be married. Jules is free to worship wherever he chooses.  That's not what this is about.  It is about the fact that the official doctrine of the church he chooses as his spiritual home is anti-woman and anti-gay (to frame it simplistically).  As voters, who are being asked to support an individual for a very important elected position, it is important that we have a complete picture of that individual.  That is what this is about, not "Religious Freedom."
I guess this comment has not a whole lot to do with the story, but the banking part of it.  How can a bank refuse to do business with people making money from a pot company and that's okay, but a person that owns a bakery and refuses to make a wedding cake for a gay marriage is breaking the law?  Inquiring minds want to know.
Partly about the budget bill and his concern he wouldnt get all the $$ he was asking.  Vicky Hartzler and her ilk raised questions about the costs of transgender service members' medical costs (estimated 8.6M per year, 0.001% of the military's healthcare budget) and that taxpayers shouldnt pay for ''surgeries" and he just figured he'll just ban them from the military.  This of course was not their intent but of course you now have the xtian right and people like hartzler agreeing with the ban.  BTW viagra for service members cost ~42M per year and it is estimated that 45's weekly jaunts to his golf courses will cost U.S. tax payers 60M this year.
Just what everyone wants - Stephen Harper back again, this time with a  constant irritating smirk and with a heavy debt to his fellow social conservatives.. . Scheer is solidly  Reform, anti abortion  anti gay rights and anti environment; he may be young in years but his policies are from another era..  This bit of nonsense by Ibbitson  " Should the Liberals stumble, especially on the economy, Mr. Scheer more than Mr. Bernier is best equipped to tell voters: “Don’t you think you should hand the job of managing the store back to people who know how to run it?”...is good for laugh.The Conservatives on their way to posting record debt ran the countries economy  into the ditch and it is only now beginning to recuperate from their years of  mismangemnet.  And no. the Progressive wing is no longer part of this party, most fled long ago, the few that were left were given the coup de grace in this leadership race.   There is a lot more  Ezra Levant than Bob Stanfield in this party now.
Since the ban on Muslims was imposed some 300,000 Muslims from other countries have entered the US. Don't hear much about that in the mains stream liberal news media.  For  99% of all  Muslim travelers its just business as usual.  But I as a gay man would be denied entry to Saudi Arabia if they knew.
4. On Germany: the Weimar Republic was in place shortly after WWI. Because of a highly oppressive treaty following WWI, inflation and poverty rates skyrocketed, giving space for Hitler to come in, find a convenient scapegoat (Jews, homosexuals, Gypsies, etc.) and begin spreading his fascist, murderous views through increasing amounts of tyrannical oppression (including the confiscation of firearms, I'd add). Again, root cause is important... why did Hitler have space to advance his sick agenda? Poverty was a big factor. Speaking of poverty and violence... The CDC conducted a study on firearms in 2010 that showed "African American males are most affected by firearm-related violence, with “32 per 100,000” deaths. Risk factors and predictors of violence include income inequality, “diminished economic opportunities . . . high levels of family disruption” and “low levels of community participation.”  (Done in 2010 at a cost of $10 million to tax payers - NRA didn't block this study...)
Ohhh Jaime.  You wrote a little fib there.  The passage you quote from the 1986 CDF letter (a wonderful document for all your readers, by the way) does not mention "anti-gay violence".  That phase does not appear anywhere near the paragraph you quote.  Nor does the context infer that violence is directed against gays.  It better suggests violent reactions against authentic church teaching.    Also, lets acknowledge that you have a very narrow-minded view of LGBT lifestyle options.  You presuppose, for example, that gay clergy need to be liberated from their closeted lifestyles.  What you cannot seem to grasp is that your many gay clergy out there may not want to identify with the LGBT movement.  As a result of their chaste and grace-filled lifestyles, they realize it is a corrupt, sin-laden, road to perdition.  You should try to realize that whatever lifestyle tendencies might tempt men to sin, the path of the cross doesnt lead to societal acceptance or political liberation.
So transgender folks are like everyone else?  There's hope for you yet...
Tolerance? Atheists tolerate religion all the time. It was tolerated in Berlin the other night and recently in France and Florida. It is tolerated 7/24 in India where 'untouchables' have few rights. It is tolerated every time some god reference is used to disparage gays. And when was the last time you had a non-believer knocking at your door trying to convert you? I've had dozens if not hundreds of the reverse. Tolerance by non-believers of the belief in spooks isn't easy but I would say atheists are generally better at tolerating believers than the various different believers are at tolerating any disbelief.
Document, Gift of the Priestly Vocation, warns against "the ordination of deep-seated homosexual tendencies."   Does Holy Order presently include the ordination of deep-seated heterosexual tendencies?  Never knew Holy Orders ordained sexual tendencies.
Transgender troops are just men and women highly trained and competent to perform all duties, lethal if necessary in defense of America. Blanket prohibition of their service represents America's past where no matter how competent, qualified or willing to die for country, some citizens were denied this solemn sacrifice. In 2017, someone rewinded the tape and pushed "play" again. Haven't we as a nation not learned from history? Clearly not.
The legislation would, if passed, make it illegal under the Canadian Human Rights Act to deny someone a job – or otherwise discriminate against them in the workplace – on the basis of the gender they identify with or outwardly express.  -------  So I can deny other applicants because they're not transgender in favour of those that are.  (For example, a picking gender balanced cabinet). But I can not deny a transgender in favour of those that aren't.  Justins Canada is looking more and more like a chapter in Alice in Wonderland everyday.
Maybe Bill ran out of gas regarding all things homosexual. He used to be an expert on that particular deviancy. Now that that issue has pretty much faded away, he's targeting a different minority.
Jesus never mentioned homosexuality that's what a non issue it was.  On the other hand there are many many passages in the gospels talking about how to treat one another with kindness and respect; the golden rule.  If he believes it is his duty to deny services to people who in his opinion or committing sin, then why stop at homosexual marriage?   Would this man bake a cake for a single mother who had a child out of wedlock?  What about somebody who wanted a cake  celebrating a pagan holiday?
Pray tell, what other reasons than homophobia would someone oppose same sex marriage?
So many mean comments lacking empathy, compassion, or any attempt at understanding of what this transgender woman must have been going through to get to this point, and this story.  Transgender therapy begins with a behavioral health assessment and in- depth counseling, sometimes followed by hormone therapy and only in a small fraction of cases is surgery performed to physically alter gender. My guess is she had not had access to any of the above.
Agree with you, but it's not just that he doesn't want to make a cake for someone he doesn't agree with.  He doesn't want to make a cake for a gay couple because he's homophobic.  Homophobia is not a religion, and the Christians will have a hard time proving in court that homophobia is a part of their religion.
Trudeau supports White Gay supremacy - there is not much Diversity in Pride Parades they are mostly a Caucasian event small minority of Muslims, Blacks, Asians ... just look around at your next Pride Parade
Sexual relations with minors, homosexual murders and 'services' to government by Magnotta, lying about your Nazi affiliations and proclivities, breaking campaign promises - all the new normal in the waning days of Canada.
The judge was helping a down on his luck veteran.  Apparently, his son-in-law let him touch a gun for 30 seconds.  In my view this is not possession, and it was not the judge who allowed the vet to touch the gun.  So seriously, how much do you want to pervert criminal sanctions to take down a judge who does not want to perform gay marriages.
Your position on the refugee crisis is anything but respectable. It's part of the 'Canada is Back' PR campaign or did the G&M lie every time they reported on it? Other countries were overwhelmed with the desperate and Canada would only accept homosexuals, orphans and families. And you've used these people to get every positive headline you could with the reader having no idea how selective your compassion is. How respectable is it to make headlines with welcoming all those affected by the U.S. immigration clampdown and when they show up it becomes a national crisis.
"When you cannot offer a cogent argument that can stand on its merits, then you resort to labels." Irony is lost on you. It's amazing you wrote that. You categorically label gay people and liberals all the time. borme's comment is spot on:  "You mean terms like 'snowflake', 'demonrats' and 'libtard'? I'm pretty sure it isn't liberals that use those much"
This homosexual got married to commit to being with one person I love for life, to provide more stabilty for the children in our family and to more easily manage legal issues relevant to the 2 of us in closely intertwined lives.  Attacking the church didn't cross my mind when saying "I do"!! Nor does it cross my mind when going to Mass,  helping at the food bank, sending my kids to the local Catholic school, teaching them prayers each day, going to the sacrament of reconciliation and putting my envelope into the collection basket. (Though admittedly I hold the giving for special collections which may go to those who promote negativity toward other gay folks.) Since you don't know more than this about my behaviors as a person on a same-sex union,  the judgments in your comment offer the reader an incorrect understanding of the reality of such marriages.
the U.S. military already employs over 5,000 trans gendered individuals. Vic E -- in what role? anyway I don't believe you provide proof
A Muslim or Jewish deli would be able to easily say that they do not carry pork products, and therefore can't/won't sell the product.  The baker was denying a couple something he sells to others simply because they were gay.  As far as it being due to his religious beliefs, the other problem he runs into would be that it is unlikely he checks to make sure none of his heterosexual couples have committed sinful acts.  To me, if the couple wanted a cake with a decoration he found objectionable, I'd side with the baker so long as he offered to sell them the cake and the materials for the decoration.  If the baker refused to make #17 from the wedding cake catalog simply due to the customers being gay, then that is discrimination.
Ok, then, let's fact check your answer.  CAEL said we didn't have empathy for welfare recipients, not that Trump said to repeal.  Gotta agree about gay marriage -- Trump didn't attack that.  I still can't fault gay people for feeling they'll be next to feel the lack of empathy.  As for why low income people voted for Trump, that's the first time I've heard that it was because they were tired of being on welfare.  In fact, that indeed sounds like a lack of empathy to me.  Your last line -- "Where do you get all this bogus facts."(sic) -- now that's where we agree.  I'm really not sure where your facts originate.  What strikes me most is the joy of the deplorables. We continue to hear, "But I'm not racist, or homophobic, or misogynist."  --Yes, but you are standing with them in their joy.  Either work to stop those evils, or be counted as part of that crowd. More than happy for your help.
All we have to do to buy into what Gary says is to ignore all of the SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE that says just the opposite. Three kinds of scientific evidence point to the proportion of homosexual molestation:   1) survey reports of molestation in the general population,  2) surveys of those caught and convicted of molestation, and  3) what homosexuals themselves have reported.   These three lines of evidence suggest that the 1%-to-3% of adults who practice homosexuality account for between a fifth and a third of all child molestation.
Nice try but again, you are so impressed by your capacity to think that you ignore the numerous times that God has condemned homosexual activity  -- the sin instead of the sinner --  from Genesis to Revelations.  Why don't do yourself a favor and meditate on why unnatural homosexual activity is one of the 4 sins that cry to heaven for vengeance.   To help you along, consider that the first 2 sins (homicide and homosexual activity) involve the failure to love and obey God while the other 2 sins (oppression of the poor and the weak, oppression of labor) involve the failure to love your neighbor, in the most expansive use of the word 'neighbor.'  Notice the sublime sequence or divine order:  Loving and obeying God allows you to love your neighbor.   Failure to love and to obey God leads you to NOT love your neighbor.
Pandora supports Paprocki's blatant fear and loathing of gays. Paprocki is a conservative bishop, therefore Pandora supports him. Pandora's support for conservative bishops, no matter how bigoted or unchristian they may be is a well demonstrated fact. And that is the truth, Pandora, as we both know.
Individuals are allowed to discriminate peterpi, and we do it each and every day of our lives.  You discriminate when you choose your friends, when you choose your employer, when you pick which neighborhood to live in, or what car to purchase.  This isn't about a room made up and ready for the next person who walks into the lobby, or baked confections sitting in a case awaiting a buyer.  This is about an individual right to choose for whom you will labor, whether you can be compelled to enter into a contract against your will.  The cake the homosexual couple sought didn't exist in the real world, they were seeking to contract for its creation, to their tastes, on a day of their choosing.  Of course the baker had the right to refuse to be party to that contract, contracts require two or more willing parties to be valid contracts.
It isn't what they've said, it's where they've put their time, money, and effort.  I don't remember any fortnight for social justice or the environment.  However,  I have been inundated by their opposition to gay marriage, abortion, and birth control.  Some of the USCCB have been devious in telling us who we should vote for by telling us who not to vote for.  It's amazing how those people are always democrats and always because of  gay marriage, abortion and birth control.  I am waiting for at least one of them to tell me not to vote for a Republican because they deny climate change, or won't fund medicaid expansion, or engage in purposeful obstruction because they don't like the current president.  I'd actually settle for one telling us not to vote for a serial adulterer like Gingrich or Trump, but I'm sure that would never happen unless it was a woman politician.
That is a pretty simplistic view of human psychology. If only it were so simple: repress what is unwanted enough, and it will disappear!  Funny the Left argues the reverse when it is a question of other things, like homosexuality, drugs, crime...law and order, three strikes you're out...  Every smart adult knows the best way to get a rebellious teenager to do something, is to forbid him to do it. The law of unintended consequences is very real.   "Someone like Milo or Mike Cernovich doesn’t care that you hate them—they like it. It’s proof to their followers that they are doing something subversive and meaningful. It gives their followers something to talk about. It imbues the whole movement with a sense of urgency and action—it creates purpose and meaning."  http://observer.com/2017/02/i-helped-create-the-milo-trolling-playbook-you-should-stop-playing-right-into-it/?em_pos=large&ref=img
You mean there would have to be quotas of whites instead of the majority of the athletes being minorities as it is done today when based on merit?  Would there have to be quotas based on gender, too?  A certain percentage of transgender Quarterbacks for example?    How would you do the quota(s) if you had a black transgender and a black male and a black female all wanting to be the Center?  Would it matter which way the gender was 'transing'?  Would Female to Male be preferred over Male to Female?  It is so difficult to be fair!
According to the magisterium, sex has a procreative and a unitive dimension (allegedly these are inseparable dimensions). The unitive is clearly the higher good. After all, sterile couples who are incapable of the procreative dimension are permitted to marry and have sex purely for the unitive dimension (allegedly these dimensions are now separable!). But couples are never permitted to have sex purely for the procreative dimension (boy meets girl, boy and girl mean absolutely nothing to each other but have sex merely to sire offspring, boy and girl part like ships passing in the night).  If two people of the same gender fall in love and choose to marry, they are as entitled to have sex purely for the unitive dimension as sterile heterosexual couples.  St Paul was speaking about heterosexuals indulging in homosexual acts. He almost certainly believed that there was no such thing as a gay person. This discovery of modern anthropology (gays exist) clearly requires new theological insight.
I admire Fr. Martin and respect the unenviable task he has set for himself: trying to bridge the wide gulf that exists between LGTB people like me and the Catholic Church, particularly the Catholic hierarchy. But I must take exception to this:  "He ...also exhorts members of the LGBT community to treat the hierarchy with the same respect, compassion, and sensitivity."  If gay people are to treat the hierarchy with the same "respect" that they've been showing us for centuries, most people would call that contempt, not respect. True respect is earned, not gratuitously given, and so far, the bishops have done nothing to earn respect from gay people, quite the contrary.  Since most gay people bolt from churches as soon as they possibly can, my only concern is for the gay kids who are forced to listen to homophobic sermons from (mostly) closeted priests and learn, from the pulpit, how to hate themselves. That's all I care about. Gay Catholic adults who have left can fend for themselves.
Sodomitic acts are not allowed for anyone, gay or straight.
What are they developing?  Portable LGBT bathrooms???
Let's not forget the participation of then mayor Art Egleton in the bathhouse raids and the city's efforts to eradicate the growing gay community  on Church St.  He was once the worst enemy the LGBT community ever faced. He opposed every effort to work with the community even with the scourge of AIDS spreading.  He even tried to destroy Hanlan's Point  because it was a "gay beach".  He is now a Liberal and a senator so all is  forgotten.
There is no such thing as a natural order outside the minds of those who believe in it.  It is a meme, not a moral reality.  Reality is where people live and where science happens.  Gays with a petri dish are as open to children as anyone so there is no invalidity or impediment.
I get it. You're for helping the 22 oppressed people the government spirited out of Chechnya, but not for helping the hundreds of oppressed people that show up on Canada's border. You think that Chechnyan homosexuals are more worthy of Canada's help than are others fleeing a repressive government.   I don't want to judge here, but could that be because 22 Chechnyans seems like nothing to you, whereas 2200 Western refugees at our border frightens you?
Chris, I disagree; this will change nothing. The Catholic clergy are already roughly 50% homosexual, and the proportion is probably increasing. Just as 98% of Catholic couples use contraceptives despite the unambiguous ban of Humanae Vitae, so to this ambiguous repetition of a former ambiguous statement will change nothing in the practice of accepting gays into the priesthood.   But of course you are right, if gays were actually banned, our seminaries would be very much "emptier" than they are now.
First, the NCAA and IOC don't agree with you and I think I'll defer to them on the topic.  (And I'm sure the MMA governing body knows more about the subject than the guys in the video.)  Second, if someone starts taking hormone blockers they never experience male puberty so all of those comments re male skeletal structure go away.  Third, if any of the claims were true women's sports would be dominated by the transgendered.  Hasn't happened.  Just an observation - not only is the word "tranny" a slur but the only place it's widely used is on gay porn sites.  Seems the announcer has told us more about his internet browsing habits than he might have intended??
YOuon't pretend to be in the head of women who are assaulted?  You don't guess the motivation of a gay judge?   These are all your rights as a commentator, it's called opinion.   Just don't pretend to have a gift of impartiality and reason that other writers do not.      You consistantly have a unique perspective of issues.   Thats a good thing because it challenges what is often just reactive comments on site.     Still, It's only one perspecive shaped by the bias of your own life experience.  The same as for the rest of us.    It's the beauty of a public converstation.
Islam requires a dramatic reformation - every country in the world (without exception) "governed" by Islamic law is highlighted by social regression, authoritarianism, and misogyny. Just look at every country that has the death penalty for homosexuality - all majority Muslim countries. Gender equality, freedom of expression (including the freedom to make fun of religions through satire and comedy), and freedom of sexual orientation have absolutely nothing to do with cultural relativism - they are values synonymous with universal human rights and advanced civilized societies.  The idea of society governed by Islamic law is synonymous with social regression, without exception - the idea of Islamism (or political Islam) should be opposed accordingly.
You really have mo idea what you are talking about. No one is telling anyone to violate theirmreligious beleifs. If the guy does not want to follow the law regarding gay marriage cakes, he can stop making cakes formeveryone. See how that works? The government is not asking him to violate his religious beliefs, that re no part of any official religion. The government is asking him to be fair and teat all people the same.  Hate the sin but love the sinner? Nope, not this guy.   I could teach you more about the Constitution, but you seem willfully ignorant. The term "freedom of expression" does not appear in the Constitution. The concept you are referring to also eludes your understanding.   I wish I could make it easier for you to understand.  You do not have the right to discriminate. You do not have the right to not be offended.   He is being treated fairly. He is bing asked to treat all people the same. I am not sure why you would want to legally allow people to mistreat others.
My comment is not uncivil.   No...what is an attack is purposefully offering your skewed interpretations of what others say, and calling people names.  Is Cardinal Tobin homophobic? I have asked YOU several times, and you have not answered. Remember - he said he had no problem supporting the teachings of the Church concerning homosexuals.
Isn't the internet fun?  Indeed, you can make up whatever stories you want and nobody can prove you wrong.  It's like Mark Twain ..... "Some of my fondest memories are of things that never really happened."  FYI, Kansas was the first state to rewrite sodomy laws against homosexuals... in 1969.    Indeed, this alleged "family friend" of yours would have enjoyed prison anyway, if you know what I mean.  What was his name so we can look it up?  Once again, holier than thou gary crum exempts himself from those two alt-left buzzwords "hatred" and "bigotry".
I think the answer is that once a Catholic person adopts the label "gay," and similar labels,  his/her membership becomes one of rebellion against the Church. with membership providing standing to demand that the Church change its teaching.  Those who have adopted the homosexual label refuse to consider the Church's pastoral care offered in organizations such as Courage; but many who have not taken on the label have managed to overcome their same-sex attraction and either live in chastity or embrace the life that God wants for all of us: to be united with an individual who with us forms the whole of the human species.
Yet, the candidate that featured gays, welcomed them, gave a gay man a prime time speaking spot at his convention where he received a standing ovation, was Trump. Likewise, when a deranged alt leftist attempt to shoot Trump, the men who took down the heterosexual alt left fanatic, was a nice gay couple. What do you make of that?
Recall a couple of years ago when NCR shut down the comments for about a month.  I was also due to issues relating to gay and lesbians.  I HATE it when I see the titles of NCR articles regarding LBGTs.  It brings​ out the nastiest, hateful comments.  And even those that aren't are at radically different viewpoints.  No one's opinions are going to change.  At the very best, we can agree to disagree.  This is not about censorship; it is far more.  NCR - let these related issues be covered somewhere else.
@Ronin006, Caitlyn Klastri Jenner is either mentally ill or promotes mental illness. Not much can be done other than ignore her since countless credible psychiatrists would testify under oath in court stating that transgenderism is a “mental disorder” and has no place in the military.     "Dr. Paul R. McHugh, the psychiatrist-in-chief for Johns Hopkins Hospital and its current Distinguished Service Professor of Psychiatry, said that transgenderism is a “mental disorder” that merits treatment, that sex change is “biologically impossible,” and that people who promote sexual reassignment surgery are collaborating with and promoting a mental disorder." https://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/michael-w-chapman/johns-hopkins-psychiatrist-transgender-mental-disorder-sex-change
Let's try an "analogy" more to the point: how about a gay couple going into a muslim shop and demanding 1. pork 2. a pro gay wedding cake? Should the muslim baker/shopkeeper be forced to "accommodate" them in either scenario?
What does gay rights have to do with it?
Somebody should explain to President Trump that we defend our country with more than rifles and cannons. Our complex weapon systems now demand brains and training. On these requirements our transgender soldiers amply fit the bill. Indeed, more so.
Muslims and liberals excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe. Israel, and America. Islam's destructive iconoclasm is destroying historic treasures,   burning churches and ancient holy sites across the ME They even have Islamophobia against each other as Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Qaeda  try to exterminate each other.  It is worse than anything expressed in St Apollinaire and we are told to avert our eyes.
Don't put words in my mouth, Jim.  I NEVER advocated letting criminals out (but I do think there are lots of politicians that belong IN). I NEVER advocated letting illegals in, and believe we need strong borders (there's a good use for our military, if it really wants to protect this country) and background checks and thorough vetting for those  we do admit. I DON'T believe most of what the MSM put out (because they're owned by the same corporations profiting from our endless wars, in many cases). I DON'T believe in "transgenderism" (except as a mental illness) and would put up a portapotty for them if they didn't feel comfortable in a restroom designated for their physical gender). I DO care about our veterans and have done volunteer work for veterans & POW groups. I see veterans as victims of our senseless, illegal wars too. I joined Veterans for Peace as an auxiliary member and have done lots with them to assist their cause.  I could go on, but you wouldn't believe me, anyway.
I don't know.  However, you seem to know when it's on.  Someone has a crush.......  Give it up dude....she's a lesbian.  However, I admire your chutzpah.
>You say you understand it, but you really do not. It is weird.  I understand perfectly.  You do not.  > "You are welcome to buy anything in the store, but I refuse to offer you the same services that I offer a different protected class, heterosexuals."  That's not what he said.  He offered them the exact same services that he offers heterosexuals.  He would have baked a cake for a heterosexual wedding for a gay couple.  > It is a fact that the baker discriminated.  No, it is not.  > Replace "gay wedding" and "heterosexual wedding" for black and hispanic. Is it still not discrimination?  They are not the same.  You have to replace "gay wedding" and "heterosexual wedding" with "black event" and "hispanic event."  Gay Wedding equals Black Event.  Gay Wedding does not equal Black.  One is an event, and the other is a protected class.
Sanctioned by who? A God? A quorum? Politicians? Religious leaders?  Homosexuality, and the inevitable relationships, have been an honored part of human history since the dawn of time. Two-spirited people held prominence because of their abilities to see the male and female side of a conflict. They were revered counsellors and judges. They still are. The Christian church performed and, ready for it, sanctioned homosexual marriages quite freely until the 15 th Century.  The Jesus that Prevo has built his entire faith on never once, not one single time, mentioned homosexuality. He did speak of love - the kind that puts everyone before you. The kind that demands sacrifices of oh, expensive homes, palatial churches, jets, cars etc.  Your flip "explain away" reply suggests to me you are already camped on a heap of "truth" you've been fed every Sunday without taking up the challenge to study and ask the hard questions. A pity.
There is a difference between selling a cake and putting your personal stamp on it.  I am usually quite liberal (very much pro-Gay marriage) but I have to side with the baker on this one.  He wasn't refusing service, he was asked to put his personal stamp on something he didn't agree with.  There is a difference between complying with the law and agreeing with or approving of the law.  Forcing the guy to make the cake is forcing him to betray his beliefs, whether you think he's right or not.  If you just walk into the shop and pick a cake off the shelf, he has to sell it to you, but when you ask him to make a cake specifically for your event, that's a different story.  He has the right to do or not to do that.  I think that people in the USA should be proud to live in a country where you can disagree with the law openly.  If people don't like his beliefs they can vote with their wallets.
In our household of veterans You stand for the flag because it represents a reminder of all those who lost their lives creating it  It doesn't' matter what the point of the protest is When you disrespect the flag, you disrespect the veterans who died to give you the right to bend the knee  Pick another protest icon people.  Bad bad choice  If this were Indians monuments, gay parades, or statues ripped down you all would be screaming bloody hell for blood. If the Indians or gays were offended you would stop immediately. Since it's veterans its no big deal! Wrong, everything you have is because someone died to give you the freedom to attain it.  Grow up! Stop acting like children and respect the flag.  It is core of your nation. The veterans, for the most part, are offended.  Stop it!
I believe that the "despair" comes from the fact that people simply are not interacting personally by voice, in person or any other way except electronically which as the study pointed out leads to isolation!  This is especially dangerous when parent(s) are so involved in their own social media, they no longer just chat with their children or encounter a friend and the children hear the adults chat, etc.    The higher rate of suicide among teen girls, I believe, is directly linked to the education system's preoccupation with anything "sexual" especially transgenderism instead of teaching reading, wrtiting and arithmetic.  Girls were already wondering what their position was in society beginning way back in the 1950's.  When women began to go into professional fields, etc. and could balance motherhood and a profession, most women thrived in that although some men had a difficult time accepting the changes.  Now, girls, once more are thrown into a place where they don't know what to be!
Com on ... Pan ...adult conversation... when it comes to gay issues? :)) You got to be kidding.. :))
What Trump got right (I'm paraphrasing): our military should be a lethal fighting force with only one mission - overwhelming victory. What Trump got wrong: categorically denying loyal and potentially lethal citizens the opportunity to serve as members of our military, based on this disingenuous red herring of medical costs. This action, based on lies, puts our loved ones in the military at risk, puts people we're protecting in distant lands at risk, and puts our very freedom and safety as a nation at risk.  If we expect to create that warrior culture and protect those who are in harm's way, we recruit the best and brightest. And we do it without regard to race, sexual orientation, or gender identity.  When a transgender soldier saves a comrade's life, or prevents a terror attack, or pilots a damaged jet safely home, what price do you put on that? I damn sure won't begrudge him a few thousand dollars for transition treatments.
I fear how this can be played out when people with like moral thinking all decide they won't bake cakes for LGBT weddings, or when they apply social pressure to assure that no one does.  I grew up in a segregated Bible Belt Southern U.S. state.  Believe me, the beliefs regarding segregation by race were widely defended as being Biblical.  I think it is important we not forget how individual "religious beliefs" can become group and social actions, to the detriment of some minority or the other.    I also agree with Monica's point that this "right" to discriminate on a moral belief is narrowly pointed directly at LGBT people.     We both fear slippery slopes.  You fear chains around what we are calling "religious freedom."  I fear "religious freedom" run amok - anything can be claimed as a religious belief.  And, I fear a religious belief becoming a group and social action directed against a particular minority.  "Whites only" drinking fountains?  "No gay wedding" cake bakers?
That's pretty much the same argument neoscholastics posit to deny the possibility of women's ordination.  The argument goes that Jesus was biologically male, and a priest acts in persona Christi when confecting sacraments, so only a male can be a priest.  I'm more inclined to St Paul's reasoning: "There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus." (NIV translation.)  Your arguments are based on a reductionist view of biological appendages. St Paul's are based on something much higher ... we humans, after all, are something much more than mere biological machines. We are in the Imago Dei ... whether biologically male or female or intersex, whether straight or gay or any shade in between.  And the higher good is the flourishing both of individual humans and of the collective. Love is the higher good. Loving gay couples do not need to be limited by a proscriptive neoscholastic frame of reference.
There is another G+M article trending right now about a mother's fear for her son's ability to pray in school. And by extension, granting the right to pray in school.  So let's extend that - what about the right for a child to be acknowledged and accepted as gay in school - all schools including those private ones (supported by tax dollars) that adhere to a certain belief system.  What about that elephant?  What happens to that child's rights?  Crushed by the elephant whilst we look the other way?
And of course the ordeal of the possibly innocent men (and lesbians and bi's) they accuse.
First, its 1000. It was not a big thing before that, as demonstrated by the Rite of Bacchus and Sergio. Gay unions were blessed. Secondly, modern gay marriage and the reactions to it are a recent phenomenon and Merlino is indulging in sour grapes. He invested a lot in fighting gay marriage in the public square and gave us his best natural law reasoning and was rebuked by the courts at every turn. His directive is not aimed at the sexuality of the deceased but at the legal recognition now afforded to his or her relationship. Truly childish of him.
Again, we agree.  We don't need lots of priests; but we do need the sacraments/rituals.  Every community should have their priest - male, female, married, single, gay, straight, trans, whomever they can look toward as their sacral leader.
Bishop Paprocki has never said that homosexuals should be hated, shunned and rejected. You have set forth that opinion of yours yet you have singularly failed to provide any evidence to support it.  Cardinal Tobin and even Pope Francis adhere and preach the self-same teaching as Bishop Paprocki yet we don't hear you calling them ''homophobes'. Can you explain why not? The Magisterium and Holy Scripture all agree with the Pope, Cardinal Tobin and Bishop Paprocki.
My Niece is  police officer with the force and she is part of the mounted unit , and  being a gay police officer she was hoping to ride her police Horse in the Gay Parade. She is terribly offended that she will not be able to ride the Police Horse in the Parade. I suggested that she could borrow a horse from her riding club . She said that she is proud to be a police officer , and also proud to be gay. She would rather use her Police horse and be in uniform in the Gay Parade. I am a taxpayer and I think that the gay parade should not get any money unless the Police are allowed to be in the Parade
We are bound by God's law, first and foremost, but legitimate authority granted to governments also has a place. The law is blind for a reason, to keep someone from playing favorites. That is not the case many times, but it should be striven.   By the US giving a pass to anyone who wishes to flee their homeland just lets off that country not address its critical problems. Our economic might can be a force of good, not toward hegemony, to effectuate changes in country with abominable conditions. You will get US funds WHEN human rights improve, when you stop allowing homosexuals to be thrown off of roofs, when you destroy or greatly hinder terrorists' camps. It doesn't mean we make them watch detritus from Hollywood, or buy Coke and Levi's.  Much of the money sent to third ate Tin pot dictators goes to buttressing their own power.  Let's tell the Mexicans to eradicate the drug cartels who are victimizing their fellow citizens. It must come before they get one dime from us.
Aloha Chad, you said there are "several" pages on Facebook dedicated to Tulsi running for president in 2020, last I checked a few months ago there were over 100 pages and groups, I assume there are more now. This is in contrast to the first time I checked which was at the start of the year when there were only a handful. As for her past views on gay marriage, remember, Hillary didn't support gay marriage until 2013, she openly opposed it as a senator and in her presidential run in 2008. Obama opposed gay marriage until 2012, the same year Tulsi openly supported gay marriage. Anyways, the more Tulsi is attacked by "the establishment" Democrats the better she looks to most people...so thanks and keep up the good work ;)
What are "LGBTQ rights"?
Why would I want to work?  I do fine with my welfare checks and food stamps.  Today I've got an appointment with a fine young man who's going to swap me oxycontin for my food stamps which I'm then going to flip for a date with a transgendered homeless person.  I'm very much all up in your wheelhouse RoyBoy.  Nobody but nobody is more upset about Hillary losing than you and are bro.
"Young and bright...." are there no older homosexuals?
But he didn't refuse service to them.  According to the report, the baker said, "Sorry guys, I don’t make cakes for same-sex weddings."  Even the same-sex couple in the case agree that that's what he said.  He Did Not say, "I don't make cakes for same-sex couples" or "I don't make cakes for gay people."  He declined to make a cake for a specific event, not for a specific or certain type of customer.  I think that's an important difference.  Are people's feelings going to get hurt?  Sure.  As a previous respondent said, "No one has the right to not be offended."  That includes the baker and the couple.  I don't particularly like the baker (I don't even know him), and I don't necessarily agree with his reasoning.  I Do believe that he has the right to do what he did.  I think this is important because this decision could apply to a lot of things other than same-sex weddings.
The only "scandal" is that a so called man of G-d, is using religion and yes, Jesus Christ, to attempt to hide his own bigotry and homophobia.  Bigotry, disguised as religion, is still bigotry.
This event also demonstrates the validity of Ben Shapiro's concept of a leftist hierarchy of victimhood, of which LGBTQRST is currently the top.  By "coming out," Spacey was counting on his new place in the hierarchy to afford him protection from much criticism, and many in the media were quick to comply.
Federal grants are NOT guaranteed!  They’ve been used to beat states into compliance for years.  He can either comply with the terms by enforcing federal immigration laws to receive the federal grant or refuse and NOT get the funding.  Obama told states that schools had to comply with his transgender bathroom law or they could face lawsuits as well as loss of federal aid.  That was not even federal law. Rahm is actually flagrantly violating federal immigration statutes 8 USC section 1324 (a) (1) (A) (iii), 8 USC section 1324 (a) (1) (A) (iv) and 8 USC section 1324 (a) (1) (A) (v). Not only should he not receive funding if he doesn't comply, he should be charged.
Good Afternoon Pandora,  I think it is very challenging to begin a true discussion when theologians (97 theologians according to Matthew Fox) have lost their ability to teach in Catholic institutions (where else would a Catholic theologian teach), when the starting framework is that homosexual acts are "intrinsically disordered," and the inclination is a "strong tendency ordered toward an intrinsic moral evil" (Ratzinger, 10/1/86).  IMHO, what we need is a new philosophy based on the great work over the last century in knowledge, science and psychology. Without a new framework (e.g., Ken Wilber), I don't see how any conversation can begin.  Also, traditionalists have just got to get beyond the notion that doctrine never changes.  It evolves as we learned and understood​.  That is a good thing!  A case in point is slavery - never condemned in the Gospels and supported by Paul in his writing (e.g., Ephesians 6:5, 1 Peter 2:18) has clearly evolved as a moral issue.  Just my thoughts
Currently in Colorado, discrimination based on sexual orientation and discrimination based on religion are in the same boat.  It stands to reason that if someone is going to be allowed to discriminate against a gay person based on their religious beliefs, then they should also be allowed to discriminate against someone of an opposite religious view.  Watch the holy he!! that will get raised by white male Christian "victims" when told that they are going to be refused service due to their beliefs not jiving with a business owner's.
The dawn of creation was a long time ago.   There are, unsurprisingly, people who are actually trying to puzzle out how true the narrative you offer is. At present, there's enough scholarship on the table to show that "virtually every society" is overstating the case a bit. There are historical documents in which missionaries discuss the unabashed sexual depravities within local communities, and decry the general toleration of such behaviors. The correction of sexual depravity was a vital aspect of their evangelization. And as colonies took shape, the Europeans administering them brought the violent force of civil law to bear on the problem. I'm not saying that was the situation everywhere, but it did play out that way many times. Homosexuals probably were also anathematized, but the universality you speak of appears to be of relatively recent Christian and Islamic manufacture.
Nobody's coming for the trans Americans.  At this juncture, transsexuals still haven't been banned from the military, since the military is still waiting official orders.  Seems like a tweet is not good enough.  And still, even if they are banned, nobody has come for them.  They're just banned from the Army.  Is it discrimination? Sure, but does anyone seriously believe the military or any government institution in any country is discrimination-free?   Canada is full of discrimination, how about the Fake News start covering that?
Retirement age for Irish diocesan clergy is 75, but as Brendan's article notes many are being forced to keep on working strenuously beyond that age. Brendan was my "immediate" in Maynooth in 1966 and I have followed his career for 50 years -- he always had the gift of telling it as it is, and he is the major of the long-drawn-out crisis of the Irish Church. It is beyond ridiculous that we have Archbiships and Cardinals dancing like kippers on a griddle over allegations by closeted gays against allegedly gay fellow-students in the two remaining and very thinly populated seminaries (places that have no connection with the realities of pastoral ministry). Why can they not open their eyes? Even the pope has asked them to reconsider celibacy. As to women priests, their outstanding contributions in other churches should reassure the nervous hierarchy that imaginative action is long overdue.
"All I can say is: 'Welcome to the cafeteria'". I think we all knew it- even while some, actually in cafeteria mode- invited dissenters to leave because they were already "dis-membered".  So, we are all in the same boat,  just rowing in different directions.   However, is the "synthesis" simply to shake-hands and agree to disagree?  Would that be a "cop-out"? I believe that Jesus wants a church where women as well as men can be clerical leaders I believe that an organization the preaches full equality and excludes some from the fullness of participation is unjust, disingenuous and to blame God for man's injustice is severely wrong. I believe that Jesus welcomes chaste single persons gay and straight  I believe that Jesus welcomes divorced, divorced and remarried of discerned decision and of good faith to the Eucharist I believe the above have qualifications That's probably enough to highlight the difficulty with and 'unlikelihood' of peace at the counter, or...the challenge of "how".
Unless the "trend" of YOUR life has been a sin-free existence, please don't insult God and presume you know how He wants one of his beloved children to be received into eternity. That is the sin of presumptive hubris magnified a million times. And you find it OK to hurt a grieving family in the process!  And don't show up here claiming to be pro-family, although I think you have a warped belief system that, like the solider in Vietnam said about torching homes, "We have to destroy the family to save it."     You are against gay weddings. But you go beyond reason, compassion, empathy, support, and charity when you come out against gay funerals. Of course, I  believe you and Life of the Lay think Christian values of compassion, understanding,intimacy, empathy, and caring are "trendy emotions."     I would say about you and Bishop Morlino what Daniel Patrick Moynihan said on the day of Robert Novak's baptism: "Well, we've made Bob a Catholic. Now to make him a Christian."            .
As a gay man, and a dual citizen of Canada and Eire, I am extremely proud of these two leaders. Those making smart-ass and ill-informed comments should reflect on the number of countries where gaiety is punishable by death. We here are very fortunate, but must continue to ensure that our hard-fought freedoms are not eroded by demagogues.
We have finally found a replacement for the Gay fitness guru Richard Simmons.
Part 7  The secular world, pretty much “instinctively,” without any reference to the Aristotelian origins of this method of reasoning, accepts that actualizing one’s sexual orientation in sexual activity without harming anyone is a morally positive activity, in EXACTLY the same way scholastic philosophy would deal with any instinct. Therefore, I think one can confidently assume that had the scholastics, including the great Thomas, known what we know today about sexual orientation, they would have reached the same conclusions about homosexuality as today’s youth. And had that happened, then the conclusion about homosexual activity we would have inherited from them would have allowed the Church to lead moral reflection on homosexual ACTIVITY as it had lead reflection on homosexual ORIENTATION
So much absolute fakery here. The government broke its rules to bring these people here, even though they were already safe in parts of Russia that do not persecute gays. And now we are being played with the nonsense notion that doing so could affect relations with Russia, even though Russia has no restrictions on citizens leaving. There was never any need to keep this secret from Russia; the secrecy  was to keep an illegal plan from Canadians.
I like the quote from Steubenville's president about academic freedom.  His is the Catholic university that equated homosexuality with murder.  http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2012/09/12/catholic-college-under-fire-for-listing-homosexuality-with-murder-rape-robbery-prostitution-in-course-description/  That's real academic freedom for you!  Not quite as free as UC Berkeley and its Walking Dead style endorsement of violence...but still most impressive.
"Remove the plank from your own eye before talking about splinters in others" @Sheema Khan tell us what your community is doing for not making the same mistake over and over on different subjects such as... (1) the Montréal Shafia Family’s tragedy/ 3 sisters and 1st wife murders in 2009 were found dead inside a car that was discovered underwater in Kingston, Ontario/ Québécois are Very Drastic & will never let another & do everything that tragedy of Shafia Family happened again !) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpiF35L9tI0 (2) TVA Nouvelles/ Montréal le 26 janvier 2016; Hamza Chaoui (see Google for info) is one of Québec's best-known radical imams. He is known by his many controversial statements. Islam, according to him, is incompatible with democracy, as parliaments may consist "a disbeliever, a homosexual or an atheist who says the lack of Allah." (more to come...if not "censured")
1) I'm not going to go down the historical street with you.  I acknowledge all that.  I also acknowledge that parties change over time.  The old southern segregationist Democrats became Republicans.  The ones that didn't are long dead.  2) By your rationale, David Duke must have voted for Obama.  Sorry....don't see it.  3) Spare me the "Republicans have never changed their stance on equality for everyone". If Mike Pence could wave a magic wand and ban gay marriage, that would have been his first order of business.
So really what this is to Lee is an infringement on a church (collective group of people) to discuss politics - oh free speech? Either you're talking about religious freedom or freedom of speech or heck, the right to peacefully assemble. It's very interesting to see all sorts of things pop up when a hot-button issue like this comes up in a public forum. Finger pointing at a tax-free status when the issue is where and why a gay couple goes to get married.  If you're Jewish, would you walk into a Mosque and demand to be married in their place of worship, the way you want? Do you have other options? Certainly. That's what religious groups are saying -- they shouldn't be forced to perform a religious ceremony outside of their belief system. It's not hate, it's the right to practice a strong preference to abide by a religious view and the freedom to do that as guaranteed by our Constitution and Bill of Rights as a collective people in this nation.
As far as your contention concerning the Pope presiding at a funeral Mass for a homosexual person?  Perhaps...why not?  Simply being gay is not enough to "disqualify" one.   If the person openly, flagrantly, intentionally, publicly defied Church teaching?  Don't forget the continuation of the quote you offered earlier that you skipped over...."The teaching of the church, for that matter, is clear and I am a son of the church."
The National Rifle Association is proving to be equal opportunity murders.   First they kill gay people in Orlando, and now they slaughter Police Officers in Dallas.  When will America say that it has had enough to their gun violence??
I don't see him as an Ogre, which is why I don't hold to denying a compassionate solution to the dying because of his soveriegnty, or denying a woman carrying a doomed child the right to end the pregnancy immeidately, or the idea that he creates gay people to face burdens of chastity rather than requiring us to embrace tolerance or the idea that the sacrifice of crisis was payment for some mythical disobedience. The term is meant to shock you into realizing how you picture God in those instances. Of coures, we usually create God in our own image, so who’s the ogre?
Don't be over-swayed by what's "on the daily news day after day", especially what counts as news here at NCR.  To answer your question:  Not that many.  I probably have been to Mass 50 times with my bishop, small Masses and large ones.    And he's quite strong and orthodox and young, and he's never once mentioned sex other than indirectly by saying "husbands love your wives as if Jesus slid over a little bit on the Cross for you...give them your all, happily."  Gay marriage is an impossibility in the eyes of the Church.  It's incapable of approaching a perfect union, from the start.   It's metaphysically and physically in-complementary.  It's not good for either person and that's why the USCCB took a stand.    They are more concerned abou the true good of participants in homosexual couplings than are the participants themselves and their advocates.
The most absurd part of that was that once out of Chechnya gays are perfectly safe in Russia, AND Russia has no restrictions on people leaving. The secrecy was to prevent Canadians from knowing that Chechens were jumping the queue.
I agree when priests and prelates are professing heresy regarding moral  matters such as homosexual acts, Adultery, abortion and cohabitation are no longer sinful.
Tony, these groups, and the one that marched with torches last night in particular, were displaying swastikas, giving the Nazi salute, were chanting Nazi slogans. They chanted white supremacist slogans and chanted words for Jews and gay people that cannot be printed in the DP. What do you propose they be called?
You obviously haven't been to the Middle East.  Diversity has a very different meaning when we are talking about the Middle East. It isn't another part of Europe George.   When you go to the Middle East one of the first things you find out is just how much our Canadian (and Western) values are actually despised and completely rejected. They are happy to take the free money, accommodation, and education for life... but will not buy into the idea of Canada. forget Women's rights, gay rights, secular government, or the rights of their daughters. Period. Forget any real integration.   In other words, we will be used.   If you don't believe me then get the facts. Read the Casey Report out of the UK. Read the PEW Centre polling data on attitudes in the Middle East and for Muslims in the West.. Read the reports on the experiences in Australia, France, Germany, and the UK.  There isn't much positive....and there are huge warning signs.
I understand very well the historical progression of the church's stance on homosexuality.  It's just my own frustration that after decades, even centuries, of getting wrong, you think that someone in the Vatican hierarchy would have the courage to chart a new course???  After all, the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result.
I think you should consult First Corinthians 6:9-10.  That should answer your question sufficiently.  And let's forget about how the Greek word that translates to "homosexual" should be translated--and whether or not it means "pedestry" or "man boy prostitution."  I will grant the liberal translation for the sake of argument. The point--however you want to translate it is that God seems very concerned about how people use their sexuality when it makes clear that the sexually immoral will not inherit the Kingdom of God.
One should realize that Sharia law imposes a death sentence for homosexuality, and most majority Muslim nations do as well.
John....quite seriously.  Get help. This consistent name calling and dismissive attitude you exhibit toward anyone who has the temerity to disagree with you is very disturbing. It makes you the fool, not I.  Can you ever make a post that does not include such antics and nastiness? It is really disgraceful. And that others pass on it as civil is completely childish.  Yes. Obama leaned left on many issues. Gay marriage (bending of course to political pressure - way to stand up for what you believe), nanny-state government interference, abortion rights, affirmative action, contentious relationship with police, environment.....etcetera.
Perhaps they just wanted to come to Alaska and used this as an excuse (after all there are gay pride parades all across the nation) and did a nice tax write off on the vacation expense?
cont'd  What I'm referring to is the intense pressure brought against the APA by homosexual groups.  According to a contemporary article in Newsweek:   “But even more than the government, it is the psychiatrists who have experienced the full rage of the homosexual activists. Over the past two years, gay-lib organizations have repeatedly disrupted medical meetings, and three months ago—in the movements most aggressive demonstration so far—a group of 30 militants broke into a meeting of the American Psychiatric Association in Washington, where they turned the staid proceedings into near chaos for twenty minutes.   ‘We are here to denounce your authority to call us sick or mentally disordered,’ shouted the group’s leader, Dr. Franklin Kameny, while the 2,000 shocked psychiatrists looked on in disbelief. ‘For us, as homosexuals, your profession is the enemy incarnate. We demand that psychiatrists treat us as human beings, not as patients to be cured!’” Newsweek, August 23, 1973, p. 47.
Me thinks thou dost protest to much.  Ever hear of homophobia and what often lies beneath it?
My "source" was merely to link the photo of the leader of the free world bowing at the waist to the dictator of one of the worst human rights abusing nations on earth. Don't get me wrong the Bush's and Clintons were just as deep in the Saudi pockets as Obama,  but an American president bowing to a foreign dictator is sickening,  we are supposed to be a nation of free men, we don't bow to kings.  All this talk about caring about gay rights and women's rights yet we do Saudi Arabia's bidding at every turn.
"First they came for trans Americans. Who will be next?"  The Attorney General.
As you will probably have noticed, MSW has very little to write about most of the time. He drags out the same old tags to encourage "debate"  - this is just another one. Articles in NCR by Nuns about 50 years of service or about Africa attract less than double figures in terms of comment. Latin in the Mass, Women Priests, and anything Homosexual get hundreds (often the same people repeatedly but they are still numbers). However, as his current series on Spadaro shows, numbers decrease with every repetition of the subject. I think that he should either stop writing or (if he has a family to support) just wait for something juicy to get the usual crowd riled up. With this Papacy it shouldn't be a long wait.
I've been involved on CC since it was started as Disqus.  This is, IMO, the ugliest thread of conversation in all those years.  It seems there's no topic which brings out the nastiness in some folks quite like a discussion of homosexuality.  Those same folks will accuse me of being "self righteous" for saying it, but really, guys, what is the basis for the hate and venon you display?  It makes me both sick and sad.  Yes, I know, one individual alludes to having been molested as a boy.  I offer you my best wishes and hope you can somehow get the need help to get beyond your pain.  regards Gary Crum
A Jewish Deli does not have Ham, your parallel is fundamentally flawed.  If the church carries their signs into the gay bar, I would expect the bar staff to refuse service, as they would be creating a public nuisance.  In this case, a business, one who carries a contract with the city or township (in the form of a business license) has decided that some citizens are worthy of his product in violation of the civil rights act and anti-discrimination laws.  What is the difference between deciding that homosexuals violate his beliefs and cannot be served, and deciding that people of different color or inter-racial couples do not qualify?  What about those asking for the star of David on their cake?  Does this same cake maker demand a counseling session with the happy couple to put his mind at ease that this marriage will not end in divorce, as it is also counter to the teachings of the Bible?
Your prejudice is showing. Rather blatently. And perhaps you need to search the net before making statements. A Google search of John Hopkins and transgendered surgery states that as of last year, starting a program for transgender surgery. I guess they don't agree anymore with Dr.McHugh.
"We disdain homophobia. We laugh at those who require female submission." That's great! I challenge you to find one person at Imago who is scared (phobia) of gays, or believes in "female submission".  What a hoot!
I am not Christian, nor do I want to be. I believe the Bible states it is not the job of "Gods children" to judge others, that is "Gods" job. but many "Christians" (of course not true "Christians"), will be the first ones to tell you you you are going to hell for being gay or for any other reason their religion tells them is wrong. I find that a little hypocritical. Another interesting fun fact, several surveys state that on average 1 in 20 people are gay, so it only stands to make sense that through all of his "volunteer" work. he has helped many a gays.  I cannot wait to go to gay heaven, never been there before, but I can almost guarantee it is much more fun that regular heaven, assuming Prevo wont be there, but, who knows, maybe he will be there, seems the people that are the most outspoken on anti-gay issues are that way due to some internal turmoil about their own sexuality. just food for thought. have a great day!
Dragoninwater, thank you for your comment.  I have said numerous times in my comments that the American Psychiatric Associations says transgenders suffer from "gender dysphoria," formerly called "gender identity disorder," and that it is a mental disorder, the common problems being stress, anxiety and depression which are disqualifiers for military service.  Despite providing links to the sources, Klastri accused me of making it up.
Please reread the article. It clearly says, "homosexual acts are not illegal in Russia; therefore, refugee claims based on fear of persecution due to sexuality were problematic. "  The issue was they remained at risk from Chechen government and family while in Russia.  "Human Rights Watch judged that the people living in the safe houses remained in jeopardy. "People targeted by the anti-gay purge in Chechnya are not safe in Russia," a May report from the organization concluded. "They remain at great risk of being hounded by Chechen authorities or their own relatives as long as they remain in Russia."
oh...my son lost his job to government subsidized immigrants. ------------------------------ Justin's priority is Diversity - First Nations, LGBT, immigrants, refugees  Your son apparently is not part of Diversity and must go to the back of the line in Justin's vision of Canada Treason?
"Married men with children are less likely to be the molesters of boys that homosexual priests have turned out to be."  Absolutely not true.  Look up the statistics. I'm not doing it for you.
I don't think 2/3 of the states will ban either one.  And, if it is changed now, future generations will raise the same thing again.  Young people don't have the same problems with these issues, especially same sex marriage, as older folks do.  We need compromises on abortion - not just all legal/anytime or all illegal/all the time.  We are changing, Marty E.  I don't think it is bad I just don't think we have figured out how to incorporate those changes into our society.  I admit I am not sure what needs to be done, especially about reinvigorating the family.  Getting rid of same sex marriage isn't going to fix the problems of heterosexual marriages - those problems were there and are there with or without gay marriage.    I think SCOTUS plays an important part in recognizing we are not living in 1776.  Maybe they moved too fast on abortion.  But I think they waited for most of society to accept gay marriage before recognizing it.  Think constitutional amendments too cumbersome.
What then is the point of any protest march?  Did the women's marches for the right to vote 100 years ago accomplish nothing? Or did they serve to bring attention to a wrong that needed righting?  Did the protest marches against the Viet Nam war accomplish nothing? Or did they lead people to  look more closely at the war, what was happening, and think about whether or not the US should continue to fight there?  The civil rights marches - that eventually brought an end to most anti-African American laws and legal discrimination in schools, restaurants, buses, housing jobs - did these marches have a point?   Right now there seems to be a threat that the US may turn back to an era when women, gays, and racial and religious minorities were treated as less than equal to white males, to an era when women and  racial and religious minorities felt they would not be heard or given justice if opposed by a white male in power.  Should they stand by passively, or should they publicly protest?
But homosexual behavior arises out of homoeroticism. For this particular sin it is that homoeroticism that must be resisted.
And who said otherwise?  All of what you said is right, true and correct.  It does not follow that abortion, homosexuality, contraception, etc is not sinful. It seems that people make unjustified assumptions and or conclusions from the fact that God loves us.  That God loves us has never been the question.
Once Ambrose started speaking for herself and not Harper, I was actually impressed (and figured a party under her might have a shot at beating Trudeau).   But now we have a cover band of Harper's greatest hits, where everybody in the band outsings the lead singer (okay, terrible metaphor - but Scheer seems to be making [or just letting] everybody else do his dirty work - it's likely coordinated, but it sure doesn't appear that way).   And the Conservatives have brought up the will of the people in Charter issues before (remember when gay marriage wasn't legal nationwide and they wore "It's the stupid Charter" buttons to counter Liberals'  buttons that said "It's the Charter, stupid")? Rights shouldn't be a popularity contest.  The trouble is that Liberals (and the media) haven't done a good job of explaining the background -under the law, it doesn't matter what he did or didn't do before he got to Guantanamo, it mattered what we did after that - and the Supreme Court has spoken on this
I work with numerous active duty reservists, (Army, Air Force, & Navy) that are pilots, that have served in combat.  Every single one is 100% against transgenders in the Military.   Should they have a say in what happens in the Military?  Transgenderism is listed as a medical disorder, which clearly should exclude them from Military Service.
Dear upset, Bring home a girl and tell them you think your gay.  If they have a problem with (race), they most likely will have a problem with that also and will be very happy you have a boyfriend no matter what ethnicity  By the way we are all one race...human, we are different breeds/ethnicities  We give dogs more respect than to ourselves.  Dogs are all K9 race, different breeds.
I am so glad that I am gay!
More liberal hypocrisy.   Baker doesn't want to bake a cake for a gay wedding and is politically pilloried for standing up for his moral position.   But when Rockettes stand up for their position, they are applauded.  It seems  once again liberals are only tolerant of those who agree with liberal positions.
The professional image consultants creation, Pope Francis, has indeed fooled many into believing Francis is different from all the rest. He continues to say one thing but do another, continues to show his disdain for women, LGBT and clergy abuse victims, continues to protect complicit bishops, continues in refusal to release documents to prosecutors despite his promises of complete transparency. He continues the secretive self serving actions of an organization that is supposed to be Holy. Holy it is not.
These girls weren't runaways. This man groomed them for 7 years. He's one of the worst kind the mom thought he was gay.
Yawn..... You really need to provide sources for this well discredited claim. You believe this 87% tripe because you want to.   Homosexuals are no more likely to abuse children than heterosexuals. Secondly, as the number of homosexuals in the priesthood increases, the number of reported cases of child sex abuse by clergy decreases. Go figure, eh?
Her didn't refuse to bake a cake with a pro-gay them. He refused to bake any cake.
Yes, he could write about homophobia among G&M posters.
for all of you who dont know, Michelle Obama was born a male.  She is the first transgender spouse of any president.  Joan rivers was killed during THROAT surgery after speaking out about this.
None should expect you to treat anyone differently.  You’re not helping the sick get better for any other reason than to help him/her get better.  And your patients aren’t asking you to do something that goes against your conscience.  Your occupation compared to the baker’s is an apples to oranges comparrison. The baker doesn’t refuse to serve gays; he refused to make a cake specifically for a gay wedding. In a pluralistic, non-theocratic democracy the gay couple doesn’t have to give the baker their future business.  Others may very well decide to do the same, which might negatively affect the baker’s capitalistic endeavor.  But for the state to fine him $135,000.00?  No, I don’t think the baker needs to “get over it”, I think he needs to fight that very unjust, tyrannical penalty.
Well they won't stand out in gay bars, strip clubs and casinos.
Lena Ibrahim posted;" There are gay bars an clubs in major " Muslim cities" like Amman, Dubai, Beirut, Istanbul, none of which have seen massacre of this sort. The heart of the problem among inexcusable and often promoted homophobia in the Muslim community, is the AMERICAN numbness to violence. When a country cannot go a single week without a mass shooting , there is a serious f___king problem and a chilling disregard for gun violence and gun control. Why fool ourself into believing this is anything else for the sake of AMERICAN Exceptionalism? OMAR Mateen is first and foremost an American, who though on an FBI watch list, who was taken in for questioning twice by the FBI, could purchase multiple guns and within a week commit a mass murder. I am not posting this for debate. In love and solidarity with the LGBTQ community tonight. Using the power of Ramsdan Observance to send prayers and light your way." Thank you, Lena.
This is one time I will gladly join hands in solidarity with the Evangelicals who hate me the most for being gay. Sadly, their pleas will fall on deaf ears. Trump has depended on the alt-right since the inception of his campaign. He's not about to dump them now - they're the very heart of his base. He will never abandon them.
People that are openly transgender aren't experiencing an "identity crisis" as they have figured out who they are. On the other hand, there are men with confusing feelings about themselves, that do stuff like join the army to prove how manly they are. I find the "medical needs" statement odd since transgender people have the same organs that so-called "regular" people have. It's not like doctors have to go to special transgender medical school to treat them.
Jim, you know the context as well as I. Church teaching about homosexuality was formed in response to what was perceived as, and often was, debauchery in the Roman empire, not stable same-sex relationships and/or marriages. So was our societal response, at least until very recently. It was equated with pederasty and bestiality for hundreds of years, and fear/loathing of homosexuality was instilled in seminarians throughout their years of formation. Today, when there is different evidence available, they continue to point to non-stable, unhealthy cases as if they were the norm. So the only room they can find at the inn is for celibates, and even there they consider the orientation itself disordered. I think we both realize this. The question is whether the Church will change its teaching in response to the new evidence. I don't think it will for a very long time, if ever.   You have a great new year, Jim.
You and I do not know what goes through the mind of a homosexual, I am not going to stand in judgment from you on my interactions with my uncle and I have NEVER told my uncle his lifestyle is wrong, at least the way you are implying, he already knows that inherently..   I do  not believe for a second many heterosexuals have never had fleeting thoughts of homosexuality at one point or another. These things you mention are anecdotal and your opinion. I am sure there are a lot of things you do not like about religion, that does not make them untrue.  My uncle is a miserable sad, alcoholic homosexual who came back for a short period, sponged off of his mom for 6 months while hiding out comatose in his bedroom drinking, then left my Grandma (his mom) in tears..I will not be apologizing for telling him the truth, but I appreciate you willingness to give me advice, although misguided.
There is an Alt-Left, the extreme left that sees "racism, ethnophobia, islamophobia, misogyny, homophobia, transphobia, etc." under every bed.  Both extreme fringes make the moderates look bad by association.
Saudi Arabia, our US ally and oil provider has a simple legal system as far as homosexuals are concerned.   They are not ISIS.  They are the mainstream Sunni Branch of Islam.     It follows Shar'ia Law:  "Penalty: Prison sentences of several months to life, fines and/or whipping/flogging, chemical castration, torture, vigilante execution or death can be sentenced on first conviction. A second conviction automatically merits immediate execution."  A list of actual legal sentences carried out in Saudi Arabia can be found here for apologists for Islam.  http://wikiislam.net/wiki/Persecution_of_Homosexuals_(Saudi_Arabia)
The very notion that we focus on Pride Parades in 2017 is ridiculous. What started in the 1970s as a serious protest march and rally against the violent treatment of gay men by police, has devolved into the very thing that people whose sexual orientation is not strictly male-female said they wanted to avoid. That is, bringing more attention to their "differences", and encouraging "mainstream" society to accept EVERY human being for what, and who they are. Now we see super-stereotyping in every parade across this land, with businesses, organizations and, yes, governments literally jumping on the proverbial band wagon lest they be cast into the non-politically correct shadow of being anti-gay, anti-lesbian, anti-anything that most of us have actually come to accept. It's complete nonsense. I don't have an anti-LGBTQ bone in my body, but the attitude and arrogance of Pride Parade organizers, supported ad nauseum by the likes of  Trudeau, is moving me away from the support I've always had.
Hmm. Where are the usual commenters pointing out that western countries are just as bad, because some people here still disapprove of homosexuality, so we are hypocrites to criticize Azerbaijan?...
You are causing your uncle real pain by telling him what he is doing is "wrong." It's no more his choice to be attracted to men as its your choice what hair color you were born with. If it's truly a choice, then logic would dictate that you are naturally sexually attracted to both men and women equally, but "choose" to sleep with a woman due to a sense of morality.   Of course, this is nonsense. You and I were aware of our attraction to women at a very young age, just as your uncle knew he was naturally attracted to guys at a young age. For him to kiss a woman out of "morality" would be as foreign and unnatural as you kissing another guy.   This is the pain that frustrates me about religion - it causes pain because it convinces its followers that there is only "one correct path" and anyone who is not like that is troubled, immoral, or evil.   Your uncle deserves an apology from you and complete acceptance of who he is. My dad used to think like you until saw his other son was gay.
This appears to be a compromise by the Church. It is NOT denying anyone a Christian burial, leaving the state of the soul up to God, and God alone, while at the same time respecting what the Catholic Church believes and teaches.  Now that is has been codified in Madison, people cannot claim ignorance of what to expect when the partner in a homosexual unions passes.  But, this will not be good enough for those who wish to not follow the teachings of the Church anyway. Their wish is not simply tolerance or acceptance, but rather celebration of the homosexual lifestyle.
" ... Jeffrey Lord, KellyAnn Conway and Lazy Eye Huckabee all rolled into one."  The last you named never fails to remind me of the rural Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to gay couples.
What is so wrong with our GG declaring the obvious? Should we not all be in agreement that the earth is round and that evolution exists, etc? But on another note, if the government is "grounded in science" then why do they support the concept that the gender one is born with is not necessarily their gender? There is no scientific basis for transgender yet our gov't is falling over itself to support a tiny minority of people who have this view.
John, while I agree with many of your thoughtful proposals, they'll simply have to wait.  We have more important legislation to attend to first.  There's that urgent daylight savings time thing at the top of the list.  Legalizing guns somewhere - kindergartens perhaps?  The obligatory abortion and/or gay marriage bill.  I know I'm missing a few.  But rest assured, we'll get around to that budget matter by June, unless something more important comes up, such as debating the color of the bar stools in the LIO.
Rochdale  So you didn't have to pay taxes under the Conservatives?  Here is the formula. No taxation without representation. Dubai has no taxes, and no representation. Perhaps you should move there. It is more conservative too. No legal abortion, no equal rights, no gay marriage, no labour laws, active racial discrimination.   It has to be your dream city.
Yes, strong words in defense of Bishop Paprocki. Hopefully those giving public scandal to the faithful by living openly in a same-sex marriage will take note and repent.
No - from my understanding he stated that he would be fine with selling the gay couple something like cupcakes for a birthday, but that he would not specifically sell them a cake he made that was going to be used in their wedding.  He may have even offered to make them cookies or something for the wedding, as long as a cake he made, was not used in the ceremony.    To be clear, since your post is a little misleading, he never made a cake for the couple at all.  They went in for a consultation and once he found out the couple was gay and they wanted one of his cakes, he flat out told them he would not make them a cake to use in their wedding.  Lawsuit was filed.  Colorado agreed with the gay couple 100%.  Now we are here.
most of this is just a distraction from what the NDP are trying to do concerning parental rights in schools.at this moment a bill is being passed that keeps parents from knowing what goes on with their children at school.There are 2  examples of what happens when governments invade family life  1 is hitler the other is residential schools and we all know how that is turning out. How many Christians were told they children had to learn about the mechanics of gay sex? That was alright according to our political leaders. Even if it was against their beliefs!
You mean like the bill that Senator Hillary Clinton co-sponsored in 2005? Is this like her gay marriage stance, now she's agaianst this policy? Shifting her positions like an amoeba for political expediency. I get it, it would be ok if it were coming from one of the left. Same reason Obama and Bush essentially had the same policies in many areas or at least the same result but you all laud Obama as the greatest ever and Bush as a 2nd coming of Hitler.   https://www.congress.gov/bill/109th-congress/senate-bill/1911
And why is suicide (and suicidal ideation) higher among them? And drug abuse? It's not intrinsic to being homosexual.
No, but by its usefulness to people in their lies.  Calling gay teens disordered has them either reject the Church and be safe or be torn between their identity and their beliefs, putting them at a high incidence of suicide.  Not a useful teaching.  As a parent and a sibling I condemn it.
Maybe Mayor Tory should look at his own finances and make some tough decisions.  All the 'poverty reduction' strategies and grants are over $50 million a year.  So funding every transgender interpretive dance troupe, and non core scams needs to be stopped.  You have $11.4 million a year in bonuses going to city managers just for having a pulse, plus the tens of millions spent on gold plated city pensions and health benefits (taxpayers in Toronto pay Millions for Oxy and Viagara prescriptions for city workers.  Sell all the single family homes which are owned by the city, defund these non essential programs and bargain hard and outsource jobs from the overpriced monopolistic public sector unions.  Until then, suck it up buttercup.
I think you might want to check with Lutherans on that point.  The more liberal Lutherans--like the ELCA in some instances do permit laity to celebrate Lutheran Eucharist, I think.  I think in ELCA the more conservative "bishops" (presidents) do not permit that, but the liberal ones are more open to it.    The problem with the Episcopal Church is that they have so many views and practices, it is hard to really understand what they actually do believe.  You have Episcopal churches that are almost Catholic and you have those that are almost Baptist.  You have ones that do not marry gays and ones that do.  You have ones that believe in Transubstantiation and ones that do not.    Whatever the original reformers believed and taught, their heirs have gotten away from it such that I believe if the reformers were alive today they might rejoin the Catholic Church and realize the mistake they made in breaking communion with the Church.
From page 4 of the position paper: " In federally regulated workplaces, services, accommodation, and other areas covered by the CHRA, [Bill C-16] will constrain unwanted, persistent behaviour (physical or verbal) that offends or humiliates individuals on the basis of their gender identity or expression. "  So if a university professor consistently teaches ideas that a transgender person finds personally offensive and humiliating, the teacher is toast. Right?
you mean, the police officers must go back into the closet.  How interesting.  I'm gay and Pride should be inclusive and this includes officers in uniform if they want to be in uniform.  My reaction is: Boycott Toronto Pride.  They made their bed ket them live wuth the concequences
So while those of us who have attempted to not insult any specific Asian indigenous group through incorrect assumption about their tribal affiliation and thus have generalized, in reference to use of 'Oriental' vs. 'Occidental' it would seem we're about half a world away; when using politically correct terms and not considering the geography and 'real politik' instead.  When did people become so thin skinned about who they are? I recollect some distant relatives whose family path was through Utah and when they arrived in small town Alaska, the locals slurred them, told them, 'go back where you came from'. Said they were 'd**m Mormons' even though "not" was the reason why the family moved from Utah.   Decades later, some mixed tribal person started a 'hate-rant' against them, but they weren't moving back to Utah. Discrimination is why people attempt to find a neutral place to live. Or carve one out of another's territory.   Not unlike those 'asexual' persons being called gay.
Legacy's urgent care "experience" is great. Even better, when I didn't bring my checkbook for my silly $5 copay, they waived it for a first-time visitor.  No, really. Also, I was in and out with my hacking cough in 45 minutes. I waited longer for my scripts at the pharmacy than I spent in the office at GoHealth. No judgment for weed use, no bromides about being fat-but-fit, no judgment about le gay, just taking care of my needs with a...smile?  I've got good insurance, and can go to either. I'd probably go to Zoom if I had to, but I'd rather go to the friendly one that takes my brothers and sisters on OHP and which, once again, just waived a stupid copay. I probably sound like an ad, but if Zoom is going to talk "experience", the "experience" is getting my health needs taken care of. Like most "Gen Y" types, I actually care more about my needs being respected and not having my time wasted, not an "experience." I bet you do too.
So if a parish priest obeys the directive and refuses burial to a married homosexual, he is to bear the blame, not the diocese.
I think you're reading too much into my posts. We all have our opinions here and I have made the case for mine while questioning others. It strikes me as quite hypocritical that those on the left won't admit to what's right in front of their faces - the logical conclusion that transgenderism is a mental disorder - yet they are quick to label the President of the United States as "mentally ill" without any facts or evidence to back up that much more outlandish assertion.
They have magic fairy dust...lol Seriously... The gays I've met are usually very nice unless they have a chip on their shoulder from too much harassment and/or hate me because I'm a woman and I try to be friendly. Happens.
While Liberal followers dutifully glom onto any praise they can find about their chaotic leader they oft are forced to take such praise from sources they loath. Donald Trump stating that "Justin is doing a spectacular job" and that Canadians love him for a reason is not a reason in itself to give credit to Trudeau. Canadians who see Justin up close and real do know that this gay pride prancing narcissist, former part-time drama coach is all about the optics of a show. But a show of trite substance. Dashing around the planet giving away billions is sure to enhance popularity.  Praise from the World Bank is similarly skewed. Respect for Trudeau among world leaders was best summed up by Merkel's comment about consulting Trudeau about using microphones and headsets. Might well have added instructions on the use of a selfie stick. Trudeau the showman is really Trudeau the leftist progressive. Acolyte of Soros and the New World Order. We in Canada who watch him carefully are better informed.
In the case of adultery, if Jesus really wanted to make an exception to the rule based on that subjective/objective mumbo jumbo of yours,  He would not have corrected the exception that Moses gave the Jews because of the hardness of their hearts.  Instead He restored the right order and effectively raised the bar by saying that even the thought of adultery is just as bad as the act of adultery itself.  In the case of homosexuality, if God really wanted to make an exception for homosexual couples in a committed relationship then He would have said so for as many times as He condemned homosexuality from Genesis to Revelations.  Without a doubt, there are always be going to situations that are so grave and extreme that it will require discernment and the internal forum but that is not what is going on here with AL, is it?  AL represents an attempt to put into praxis what cannot be changed in doctrine now so that the doctrine will eventually be forced to change sooner or later.
Bathrooms have only been segregated the past 120 years or so, so there is no "millennia of human evolution", utter nonsense.  No, gender dysphoria has not been "proven" to be a mental illness. On the contrary, science is indicating the causes to be biological in nature. One merely needs to google biological causes of gender identity disorder and a plethora of scientific studies appear. Sorry (not sorry) but science outweighs opinion every time. As such, trans folks deserve civil protection. TRANS are more likely to experience violence than women or children in restrooms.  Additionally, your emphatic desire to eliminate employment, housing, and other protections for LGBTQ+ speaks volumes about the true origins of your complaints, which is a desire to OPPRESS others, not EXPRESS your religion (as it applies TO YOU).  Lastly, I resent the AFA's attempt to hijack my government and my religion to further his own hatred of others. True Christianity commands us to love others as ourselves.
Useful information, thanks.  I didn't know Imago Dei, and thought it a local indie congregation.  Knowing it is a part of a "conservative Baptist" (repetitive, I believe--are there "liberal Baptist" churches?) makes Jules membership/participation all the more troubling, given the formal positions--on women and the LGBT community--taken by the larger Baptist denomination.  CBA's own position paper, June 30, 2015, regarding the Supreme Court ruling that same sex marriage is Constitutional, calls on Baptists to "mourn" for those who. living in sin, can't know Christ.  This exclusionary religious perspective (which has given us countless bloody wars for centuries)--believe what we do or you can't be saved--requires, again, that I ask:  "What the heck is Jules doing supporting this religious perspective?"  And if he doesn't, why can't he find a church more aligned with his core beliefs?  I hope we find out.
Two points about Trump Derangement Syndrome which aren't often discussed are that it only affects homosexuals like Chuck Plunkett and women with IQ's less than 100. The homosexuals hate Trump because he reminds them of their fathers, who naturally were heartbroken that their "sons" turned out to be little fairy-boys. So when Media Matters front-"man" David Brock (homosexual and possible pedophile) offers a little money to these no-lifers to sit on their computers all day and rip Trump in newspaper comments sections, they take it because they have nothing (children, families, etc) better to do. The women with less than 100 IQ's suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome because they're naive enough to believe what they see on the mainstream media and read in intellectually stunted publications like the Denver Post.
A fascinating topic.  I had look up the Acronyms ...MGTOW, LTR....no idea what P hat is.  A few ago I found myself working with young millennial doctors ( 30's-40's) , they were ALL unmarried, as first I thought that they were homosexual...they explained to me that they had worked very hard as medical school generating hundreds of thousands of $'s of debt, had entered practice and worked like dogs , unable to afford going on dates, unable to afford a house, they helped their own parents and siblings financially, they clustered together to go on a vacation when the opportunity rose....they feared marriage....the statistics horrified them...they fear that if the did get married that they would be divorced losing half of everything they had worked for.  I had never heard of MGTOW until reading this thread...thank you all for educating me...thank god that I am of the age that I am today...the whole modern dating scene seems horrifying...it used to be far straight forward and  simpler.
franco prairie: The issue you address was recently discussed in an article that was published in the NY Times, entitled "Is Free Speech Good for Muslims?" My understanding of the gist of the article is that Muslim immigrants in the West have in many cases moved from very illiberal societies and yet many of these immigrants want to fully exercise their right to benefit from liberal values and protections in the West while simultaneously rejecting the aspects of liberalism, like gender equality, LGBT rights, and the ability to openly and vociferously criticize religion, that aren't consistent with what they believe to be Muslim values. To me, the situation appears to suggest a clear philosophical double standard (i.e. 'freedom to benefit us but not others'), which should be called out. We need leaders in government who are honest enough to openly tackle this.
The transgender issue is complicated. I don't hate those people. I'm not afraid of them. I simply refuse to pretend that I can't tell the difference between a man and a woman. There is a difference. Everyone knows it. There is no magical procedure that changes one into the other.
No, it is largely the institutional Church showing a lack of compassion for gays.
1.  We were not at war with those countries.  2.  Immigrants embraced American.   These immigrants want their Sharia law.  It's just funny to see the Dem's hot on this issue.  Muslim's kill gay people in their countries, how is that for tolerance.  Muslim's are polar opposites of everything in the Social Dem's platform (women's rights, gay rights, lax drug laws, etc).  They just want to hate Trump so bad they can't see that this is inline with what they believe it.
Bill, acknowledging that sin exists and that God punishes for it is a tough pill to swallow, especially for those with seemingly uncontrollable proclivities.  Anyone who calls out the sinners, like Falwell and Helms are called meanies, or worse, crazies.  Love and lust are different.  Sex and affection are different.  Yes, love one another, show affection, to ALL sexes.  Lust is a temptation, that which leads to sex and sodomy.  As I've posted before, people conflate same-sex love and same-sex sodomy under the umbrella "gay," to hide the sinfulness of the identity.  It's important for all Catholics to recognize the distinction, not only as a matter of what showing love for those with same-sex attraction really means, but also to understand that the Church does not teach hate towards people, just acts.
"Social conservatives are freaking out because they no longer control the moral and ethical paradigm in this country, they can no longer have the government harass and punish gay people because they feel gay people need to be punished and controlled." ========== So of course your solution is to "have the government harass and punish" Christians, Jews, and everyone else you feel should be "punished and controlled" because now people like you want to "control the moral and ethical paradigm in this country." - Hmmm. So, according to you, any "truth" is decided only by "who's the top dog" in human history. Interesting philosophy. Too bad for you it fails to consider God in your "paradigm."
I'm fine with law societies banning TWU grads because they attending a homophobic law school, but then I also hope the same law societies also ban any lawyer practicing Islam, Catholicism or other religion that preaches homophobia.
I think you really mean he is not gay, don't you?
Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, democraceaophobia, iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are the cause of all the civil wars and bloody genocide going on across the Muslin world. Even ISIS , Taliban and Al Quada have no western equivalent. It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
Actually it is most likely that Mateen was a Trump supporter. Party affiliation is no guarantee of support for an individual candidate; many Democrats ill-advisedly voted for Trump, just as many Republicans voted for the preferable Hillary. The fact that Mateen slaughtered gay people is a more certain indicator of his being a supporter of Trump, who fomented hatred against gays. It would make no sense for a supporter of Hillary or Bernie to murder gays, since they are supportive of the LGBTQ community.
Oh, well, if you have never heard of it happening, that must mean it never happens.   Because each bishops is different--ideologically, politically, personality, etc, each diocese will have different policies.  I have seen this happen. In one diocese, divorced and remarried Catholics might be fired.  In another diocese, they might not be.  I note that it is the same with gay employees.  How to deal with that is not universal.    Gay "marriage" is all the rage right now.  It is the new, hip cool trendy thing in pop-culture.  Because of this, gay employees who get fired, etc, are going to tend to get the attention of the liberal media.
. . PET lived, what was known as, a 'rich old bachelor' until he was 52 yrs old when he married a childlike, mentally ill young woman who was 23 yrs old, 1/2 his age & had 3 children in succession.  Where, as you say, 'some teenage boys also went ga-ga over' Pierre Trudeau, he dogmatically represented a melding of French/British Canada.  PE Trudeau, as you stated was 'hot and stylish...[&] bore.. respect.. ' for Gays.. Trudeau promoted his original culture dogmatically, but was quite facile in bridging both genders equally well  . . which by the way was the norm for Gay men born in 1919. Many Gay men would have a girlfriend cover or marry in order to hide their homosexuality; especially those in politics.  Honesty is Courage...  Generally, most Humans at 50 years of age sharply realize their mortality. Intellectuals perceive Human immortality -- in particular Narcissists -- as the production of their own biological children. IMHO --The real story on Pierre-Elliott Trudeau is not known.
You accuse me of a lack of understanding and self awareness? No, I'm very aware of the topic at hand. I have attended this church that is now the subject of this thread. Focus please. This isn't about the sins of humanity. Perhaps you are unaware what it means to be a part of a church. It does not mean, as you would suggest, that we check our heart and mind at the door. Perhaps you have a lack of education regarding church belief systems. Tenets of faith of a particular denomination, as is proven with Jules and this story, is NOT the main reason why people are attracted to a certain church.(often it is a pastor)  What puzzles me is why you care so much about what a church body, which you have nothing to do with, teaches on anything, especially an obscure position paper which almost no one reads. If you want to fire arrows at a church for being anti-gay, pro-life, too political, a couple big churches in the Portland area come to mind, but Imago really is not in the same boat my friend.
This is my summary of the positives and negatives of this document.  (i)Negatives It reaffirms the decree banning people with same sex attraction. This for the life of me makes no sense. A gay priest should be allowed to serve as much as a straight priest. I would have to ask questions such as -What do they exactly mean?Is it people in same sex relationships who can't enter the priesthood or people who's sexual orientation just happens to be one or the other?   (ii)Positives Significant progress on the issue of sexual abuse issue in terms of clear cut training, and guidelines to prevent sexual abuse in the first place -It emphasizes a more pastoral approach to the priesthood, putting in practice Amoris Laetitia -It emphasizes priests receiving social justice education, with the topic of Climate Change apparently something really close to Francis's heart.   Overall a really mixed document. What Papa Francesco giveth, he taketh away it seems.
Richard you have no way to know how many transgender people you have dealt with throughout your life.  You would be surprised to find out.
Every time I see someone from the media interview a Islamic Imam or representative, it is always the same thing, they say Islam is a "religion of peace" yet when asked about what they think about gay people or the subjugation of women, they deflect or try to use double speak.  I personally do not see near enough backlash from Muslims on these events.  I know the moderates are probably scared too be too vocal, although pew polls suggest even the "moderates" still believe things like cartoonists portraying Mohammed should be killed.   If only we were blessed with more courageous muslims like Ayaan Hirsi Ali.  Of course the radical muslims, and the vast majority of moderate muslims who still believe in Sharia, killing of gays, and destroying western values, even if they do not act on it, can count on the regressive left of North America, many of which you will see on here on these boards like Sphere Music, to continue to provide them shelter while freedom in America slips away.
Total military spending on erectile dysfunction medicines amounts to $84 million annually, according to an analysis by the Military Times — 10 times the cost of annual transition-related medical care for active duty transgender servicemembers.  The military spends $41.6 million annually on Viagra alone, according to the Military Times analysis — roughly five times the estimated spending on transition-related medical care for transgender troops.  So please explain why we arent kicking out soldiers who cant get a woody
A. Shetsen: You do realize that official Islam considers the Western concept of human rights irrelevant and not applicable in their societies, right? I wonder if we're being played for fools where the brouhaha over Islamophobia is concerned? I'll wait for an equivalent of the Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam to affirm its support for gender equality, gay rights and the right of Muslims to convert to other religions or atheism before worrying too much about whether we're overly negative about Islamic ideology. I suspect I'll wait for a long time. For the time being, I have the right to say such things.
No, you and most people do not understand.  Political,thought is not a protected class. You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. In Colorado, sexual orientation is a protected class, you have to make the gays a cake.   Got it?
AB has the highest incomes because the averages are skewed by the oilpatch, which has shrunk and will continue to shrink as producers drive costs down. No sales tax, true. But we also have biggest deficits by far. Oil production? Yep, it's up. But we get lowest price for our oil of any producers anywhere, and netbacks will be still lower due to increased cost of having to ship it by rail vs pipelines. The big picture? Yep, I see it. And what I see is a nation that does all it can to rationalize its opposition to the energy industry, and by implication Alberta, while happily importing oil from countries like Saudi Arabia, where homosexuals are executed and women are treated like cattle. Oh, and we're happy to sell arms to the Saudis as well. Just to ensure the status quo.
I'm an expert on what I believe, not you.  I believe that we should focus on what unites us rather than on what divides us.  To me, rallying under an ethnic, racial, gender, sexual, linguistic, or cultural banner is un-American.  Do you believe that white people should have parades celebrating "whiteness?"  Nor do I believe that a political party should be celebrating identity politics.  Remember: e pluribus unum.  By the way, I have no objection to CIVIL marriage between gay people, and support civil rights for all people including gay people, but I am opposed to changing Catholic Church teaching on homosexuality because the Holy Bible clearly condemns homosexuality in both the Old and New Testaments.
I think the basic problem with such questionnaires is that they prove nothing. I sat on a co-op housing board a few decades ago and in that capacity had to deal with concerns about intolerance, and particularly discriminatory and isolating behavior faced by some gay residents. The co-op had a resident selection process, which mainly amounted to an interview in which questions pertaining to tolerance were raised, but the manager stated he didn't feel this could accurately ascertain the views and subsequent behavior of applicants because many just provided responses they believed would be considered acceptable. As refugee claimants are often coached, what would prevent them from simply telling officials what they believe those officials want to hear?
I think the Kochs are looking at the drug war from a "return on investment" perspective.  That being said, issues like gay rights and pot are small potatoes compared to the economy, war, foreign policy, national debt etc... You are putting too much stock in pot and gay rights.
What world are you living in? I'm sure you've heard of those florists, photographers, bakers who have been fined, jailed, etc., simply for trying to follow their conscience and not participate in activities (gay weddings) that they, in good conscience, cannot do; kind of like how some in D.C. refused to take part in the latest Presidential inauguration, you know-citing their consciences and all. And, these Christian business owners did not refuse to service their gay customers in  other areas- they just drew the line with weddings. But no, that is anathema in today's upside down world.
I have attended Episcopal churches before and felt quite comfortable there. One I attended in NYC years ago when I lived there, a famous Anglo-Catholic parish in Times Square,  had a grumpy rector at the time whose name I will not mention, but among the gay parishioners there he was known simply as "Wanda." Every now and then you'd hear about parishioners receiving what was affectionately referred to as a "Wanda-gram," i.e. a letter from the rector which began by saying, "Perhaps you'd be more comfortable worshiping at a different parish." You sound a lot like him.
A sad generalisation about single mothers. Lesbians and well educated women have children out of wedlock as well and those children do fine. There is an increasing rate of divorce even in indo-Canadian homes. It's under-educated women having kids out of wedlock that's a problem. The solution is to have programs which target both those kids and their mothers and Canada does already have such programs. Not all programs are govt funded. Australia has even better similar govt funded programs which we're learning from.
So you agree that the Supreme Court made a political decision on the gay marriage matter.  The constitution does not speak to marriage at all, which means that regulation thereof must be left to the states.  You have proven my point completely.
Well most progressives support fairness and oppose hateful comments against people who are different. So can you really blame anyone for making an assumption about a comment that blatantly demeans the right of another human being to self-determination and self-identity?  Every single gay and lesbian person I know has no problem with the other letters in the alphabet. You might try expanding your circle of friends, then perhaps you wouldn't have to wonder about things so much.
The sexual piety in the Church started with Paul, who believed we must be pure of body for an upcoming end of days. We are still waiting for a special event that is likely more individual than communal. Sexual ethics must, therefore, be attuned to the ideals of human life, not some kind of angelic training period where dealing with the Church’s harsh doctrines are part of some kind of quest for personal perfection. Sexual ethics is for the now, not the eternal. Period. No more pietistic ethic.   We need to talk about the entire realm of sexual ethics, not just homosexuals (who, if they are created that way, and they are, are entitled to sexual expression), but also to singles (when is computer porn an outlet and when does it get in the way of having relationships and good sex) and the married (when is marital sodomy rape).
Radicalization is taught at home, around the dinner table, as the family enjoys mom's good home cooking, while the grown ups discuss destroying Israel, eradicating homosexuals and the evils of dirty infidels It is drilled into young minds with every tale of glorious martyrdom for Allah in every mosque in every city around the world. Extremism for Islam is taught the same way Christians are taught about Jesus and his message of mercy and forgiveness. It is not at odds with the teachings, but is central to the religion
Outlining the connections, the people who helped get him on his path, and are now employing him is how "gay" came up...one of his mentors is partnered with his employer, and such marital or quasi marital connections are usually mentioned in a feature story. If Jodi and Lisa had been Jodi and Larry, it would have been in the story because it's relevant...no difference.
We find God in His creation. Many Bishops have washed their hands of the LGBT and the divorced/remarried Catholics. They will not return to the Church. God is forgiving and calling them back to Him/Her.  The language of God is not English, French, Latin, or Greek, but Love. It is the only way to communicate and find the God within and in others.
Technically speaking, sodomy always involves some residual fecal matter.  I only used that to highlight the futility of a sterile relationship.  Worth adding now is that it is probably that futility that drives so many homosexual men to the arms of so many strangers.  The Bell and Howell study, for examples, show that nearly 30% of homosexual men in the US have more than 1,000 sexual partners, nearly 80% of whom are total strangers.
Where does Catholic moral teaching say that homosexuals should be feared and loathed? I have never seen this written or heard it spoken in over 70 years.
2 milenia of bad proof texting on a verse from Mark that has nothing to do with gay marriage, which is a new thing. If you post something on my comments, please do not delete, as it is annoying to try to find comments that are no longer there.
MD:  You publish "scientific evidence" with no reference...no source.  Your statements are simply not true.  If you actually wish to promote a genuine discussion of this topic, may I suggest you take the time to read the article from this link: http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/rainbow/html/facts_molestation.html    Simply promulgating "anti-gay" propaganda doesn't advance a meaningful conversation.  Gary Crum
That's ok you can keep your abc liberal discredited news source. My wife is a Specialized ER Trauma/Cardiac Nurse of thirty years. Over the years in social setting I'm usually surrounded by medical professionals, doctors who actually know first hand what is happening from the mental to physical aspect of homosexuals and their chosen lifestyle.  One couldn't begin to discuss that subject here without being burned at the PC stake. So I will simply leave it at this. One could write volumes on What Homosexuals Won't Tell and sure as HE!! DON'T WANT THE GENERAL PUBLIC TO KNOW about their  "lifestyle".  4j Musicals might seem to be a good deflection from realities but it won't spare one life from misery or death.
The position of the article written by Mr Kaneya, although seeming to just repeat what all the other news outlets w/ an anti-conservative or rather anti-right agenda have been offering a news gathering public, was about OUR AG filing a suit for selected individuals in our state.  Ok.  That sounds reasonable enough right?  So my thoughts are...Where does it stop?  Will he now file suits for tobacco smokers that have been marginalized in society and feel "harmed" or "injured" cuz pakas stay legal now?  Or will soon be...just watch.  Will he now file suits for transgender elementary students because the Pres. canceled the bathrooms EO?  Should he now file suits for those who are trying to lobby our legislature for the ability to grow hemp as an industrial crop?  Because federal rules don't allow seeds into our state.    Again.  I'm interested in your thoughts.
First islamists  and liberal  apologists  came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—  Because as a liberal apologist I was busy accusing conservatives of hating Jews   Then they came for the homosexuals, and I did not speak out—  Because as a liberal apologist I was busy accusing conservatives of hating homosexuals.  Then they came for the conservatives, and I did not speak out—  Because as a liberal apologist I was busy hating  conservatives.   Then they cut my head off  because as a liberal apologist They no longer needed me  Its difficult to find one as blinded by hate as Dermot, except in the liberal La-La land of ADN commenters  enjoy!
Tell that to the LGBTQ, the women, the Muslims, the African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Semitic Americans, etc-Americans ad nausium, all those who partake in cannabis as part of their spiritual and recreational or medical program, tell it to those who love world peace, international cosmopolitan social plurality, tell those who elevate humanism, rationalism, explain to those who love life itself on the face of planet Earth, tell those who value liberty, freedom, justice, fraternity, progress. Your words will come up short and empty, friend.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that marriage is legal for same-sex couples.  The homosexual population now has parity with heterosexual couples.  I can't wait for the US Supreme Court to render another decision that religious freedom can't discriminate.
Women in Islam   are breeding stock, worth half the value of a man and worthless without  a man.  Do  we want really more of that old time religion here?  Our feminists, LGBT communities,  and Liberals say yes, the more the merrier.
I don't trust Tulsi. Her father Mike, was a right wing Republican against gays. I recently heard she was against gun control! Bernie was just trying to make a more level playing field for all and not the 1%. My question is if you don't like Bernie or Hillary does that mean you are a Trump supporter?
This is comment is a perfect example of what is in the real world of 2016. The kids don't care if a transgender student uses a restroom or plays on a team, it is not the students would out numbered with a great majority being students who are transgendered because 99.9 % of most students are not LBGT  but the grown-ups are the ones to get all whacked out over the deal including some members of the community who have not been in a public school in over 50 years.   LOL
Yeah, we liberals think that Christ told us to love our neighbor. We disagree with your and Molino's interpretation, which excludes gays from that love.
How many times do I have to tell you? He didn't say he was open and transparent, he said that he was open to trans parents.
The Veterans Administration can barely provide the necessary medical care needs for our wounded soldiers.  Years of soldiers waiting for basic needs.   The V.A. is in No position to take on Transgender Healthcare and it's complexities.    That's all the U.S. Taxpayers need is another healthcare debacle because they were either unable to meet the patients medical or psychological needs while serving.  Other Americans have been turned away from serving with less issues.  Maybe it's time to get back to basics.  There has to be other positions within thed G.S.A. that would allow folks to serve their country without hampering the Mission of the Armed Forces.
I don't see why an attack on civil rights can't be an offense *and* a distraction. If your political opponents have to drop what they're doing and defend their basis rights, they can't as easily attack you on other fronts.  For all intents and purposes, transgender rights is the perfect "wedge issue" because many right-wingers and even a good portion of centrists will agree with the policy while the most socially liberal are the ones stuck with defending it. In sheerly practical terms, it simply isn't as egregious as e.g. attacking the rights of racial minorities, or women, there's a large enough body of people here to agree with Trump that it's not going to lose him the support of his base. And sure enough figures like #gaysfortrump are ultimately cosigning his decision.  I'm just saying, I don't think civil rights offenses and distractions are necessarily mutually exclusive.
Great! You have threatened me before, why should this be the last time? Again the government is not infringing on his free exercise of religion. You would have to prove that first. Did you read the article? That was ruled on.  I asked Jesus and he told me he knew the baker is not in favor of gays or gay weddings, but he should have made the cake.  Does your religion allow you to eschew logic, reason and literal definitions? Religion does not allow one to discriminate in America.
Apparently Pride has no pride and will let itself be bullied by thugs with an exclusivist and confrontational alien approach we don't need in Canada. There are gay cops, and transgender cops, and black cops, and red cops,  and the whole spectrum of the community, even those who don't throw temper tantrums and are more oppressed than the noisome ignoramuses who have hijacked a well intention slogan . Who are these tiny minded children to dictate anything to anybody?
To address the "big picture"....So long as we, as individuals or as nations, feel violence is a sensible answer to conflict, we're in deep "you know what."  We're seeing it every day:  domestic violence, bar fights, road rage, gang violence, antifa, white supremacists, religious and ethnic conflicts, ethnic cleansing, border wars, battles for cultural hegemony, and on and on.   We even have problems being civil with each other while discussing violence....how's that for irony.  We can't manage to leave other people to live their lives.  Look at the vitriol in any comment thread involving LGBT issues.    Humans have, throughout recorded history, sought that bigger and better weapon to use on their "enemies."  Well, we've finally gotten there.  We're finally to that stage featured in "War Games."  We're got ample knowledge and, I'm afraid, a real shortage of wisdom..... that's a scary combination.    regards, Gary crum
What's so nasty about it? I'm a liberal Democrat with profound grievances against the Republican party. I'm not going to pretend otherwise.  You wrote:  "Do tell. WHAT has she done?" Seriously? Here's a partial list adapted from the many sources on the internet accessible through this newfangled thing called GOOGLE. This is all work Hillary has done to advocate for and/or benefit conscious, living people all over the world:  1/  CHIP: expanded health coverage for millions of kids  Worked at the Children’s Defense Fund, with teenagers incarcerated in adult prisons in South Carolina and with families with disabled children in Massachusetts. Successfully lobbied for health care for 9/11 first responders.  Famously promoted women’s rights in Beijing: “women’s rights are human rights” and LGBT rights in Geneva: “gay rights are human rights.”
Trump and Little Kim are cut from the same cloth. All kidding aside about their diabolical haircuts and megalomaniacal idiosyncrasies, Trump unloads the Arapaio pardon, and the transgender ban under cover of Hurricane Harvey, and for all intents and purposes, Little Kim is also taking advantage of the crisis to lob a missile or six. They are both just thumbing their noses at their antagonists, and if at all possible, we should try to ignore both of them.  NK is not a threat unless it is directly threatened with annihilation, and there is only one person on the planet who is reckless and thoughtless enough to make that threat. That would make a poor deal for all of us.
Both the political parties of the right and left have to deal with their ideological extremists.  Those on the extreme right will allied themselves to the conservative party while those on the extreme left will ally themselves with the NDP even though the mainstreams of both parties do not reflect these views.  I found the attacks on Harper for the "niqab" rather ironic. The articles of clothing worn by middle eastern women was perceived until now as an example of the oppression of those women. BTW the niqab is NOT religious as it has been worn by women long before Islam., its cultural.  The left attacked Kelly Leitch for championing "Canadian values", like I guess "women's rights" and "gay rights".  Do members of the left realize they are supporting the same religious conservatives they have been attacking for years?
If I posted the list of countries where homosexuality was punishable by death - how long do you think it would remain? The intent of M103 was a signal from this government that it is more than willing to criminalize facts / truth that don't fit their agenda.
The answer to Steven's question,“But what have we done this year that hasn’t pissed everyone off?”is that the GOP majority has done diddly squat this year towards finding real solutions to the fiscal situation while once again relying on the "God, guns and gays" social issues to divert and divide the citizenry. As we have to keep telling Lisa, "Just do your damned jobs" rather than spend all your time fiddling with monuments to your egos and divisive social issues that do nothing to solve the states fiscal mess. Get to work. Cancel the boondoggles, raise oil production taxes, get the hell out of the Tajmahawker and do it now, in regular session before you come back to Anchorage for another helping of that gooooooood per diem that costs the state $300/day per legs even though you're living at home. We won't be so "pissed off" if you just focus on what is really important which is what you were elected to do.
Leftist ideology gave women the vote. It also gave minorities the vote. Rightwing ideology backed segregation. It opposed gay marriage. It backed slavery.  Scheer is finished before he started.
No, saying that gays are a protected class is not condescending in the least. They've suffered great harm and discrimination as a class over the decades. Are you suggesting that neo-nazis are on a similar plane with gays and should equally be protected because of their hateful beliefs? Yes, laws can change but so what? This is the law now, and this is why a baker could legally refuse to bake a swastika cake. I'm just explaining the law to the fellow.You can try to change it if you like but that's how it is right now.
I don't seem to remember the Bible ever mentioning Jesus specially condemning LGBT people. Yet somewhere in history haters and homophobes started controlling the dogma and teachings of various religions. Really people, who is left attending churches who preach this kind of hatred? Old people, haters, homophobes, people scared of living and scared of dying! If your religion is teaching you that it's OKAY to hate, discriminate, exclude, kill, or mistreat people for any reason, you are not involved in something that is good, wholesome, and loving. You are involved in another form of tribalism that seeds families and communities with hate, pain, guilt, and violence! Set yourself free, get away quick and start treating others the same way in which you wish to be treated; with love, respect, dignity, and caring!
Reading through the BS - the Kochs realize the GOP needs to stop getting on the wrong side of social issues. An overwhelming majority of Americans now favor pot legalization, especially medical marijuana. Like many issues demographics show a tough future for the GOP and its "conservative" stances on issues like drugs and gay rights. A crackdown on marijuana could lead to ugly election results in 2018 and 2020 for the GOP.
"people created as gay by God in the first trimester of gestation".   Can you provide any scientific evidence to support this claim?
Or, the way to correct it, could be for Muslims to come out publicly, and regularly, against extremism, sexism and homophobia in their religion.
What gay agenda?  Would that be the agenda where they want the same rights as the rest of us?
GBA is right it's a very thinly veiled agenda. No group has ever worked so hard to hide the realities of their chosen lifestyle then homosexuals.  "Instead of reciting alarming statistics and showing students grotesque slideshows of sexually transmitted diseases, educators and leaders at the high school want to prompt conversation on the topics and engage students — with a musical"
How odd that SNAP would hire a transgendered woman (more power to her). When at both SNAP's first and second convention. Gay victims had to stand up and say that the homophobia that was being spewed at the open mic was unfair to us who were also raped as children. Barbra Blaine never opened her mouth in our defense. Quite the shift to hiring someone trans. Unless it was a ploy for a conservative Catholic run SNAP  wishing to appear "Liberal" as it self destructed. If lawyers ran SNAP why are the 2 lawsuits from "falsely accused priests, only happening now, in SNAP's 27 year run?  This fish stinks.
RE: Heritage Minutes.    The series is terrific.  The only thing missing in this bite-sized historical glimpses is an end title (a la Starship Troopers) super'd over the final scene: "Would you like to know more?  Google ______________."  Anyway, about the statement: " In particular, Heritage Minutes haven't paid much attention to stories of the LGBTQ community, young people, religion and the environment."  Well, that's because 3 out of 4 topics listed weren't, historically, very important at all.   Not until mid-20th century.   Only religion would be an exception--UNTIL mid-20th century.
Let's see how much financial support the gay run businesses of Church Sta and gay community contribute to Pride this year. Will the gay men still feel they are part of the event at all ? There will still be independent parties,  dances, and events for men to attend.  Many will go to Hanlan's Point and skip the Parade completely Gay men are can still have a good time even while boycotting Pride as such.
This is mostly the same argument we had last week with most of the same people. Here is a point I have not made lately. Being anti-gay was an antidote to the Platonic ideal which saw women as inferior and sex as for procreation with homosexual love as a purer form. Women are now much more equal (although ordination would be a plus), so condemning homosexuality is no longer needed.
Regardless of what Bill 103 professes to be about I am fearful that what it is actually about is denying my right to free speech and until such time as Islamists cease killing others with gay abandon then I will retain my fear of Islam. That is a rational fear and government has no business in trying to curtail that fear or thought.
Life of the lay believes there are real victims who have moved on with their lives, there are real victims who don't really want to get on with their lives - who have found being in the lime light somehow consoling (oddly similar to a class of Vietnam War vets who have been reinforced to milk the VA and the public for pity), and finally there are fake victims who are gaming the game with their attorneys.  This is a realist view, backed by a lot of data; there are various types, and John Hobson would rather have a blunt object to hit the church with forever, using it (actually using victims, at least some of them) to pry "concessions" from the Church on a whole range of issues entirely unrelated to abuse....married priests, actively gay priests, women, priests, no fault Church divorce...you name it.
In essence I think that the author is simply saying that he experiences his sexuality, and indeed his very being, as a gift from the Divine.  Fr James Alison expresses it so very well: (excerpt from http://jamesalison.co.uk/texts/eng59.html "The Fulcrum of Discovery or: how the “gay thing” is good news for the Catholic Church"; see following post ... limited characters n'all ... ) "In the last fifty years or so ...
Yeah.  This is sad but if you have been to certain Catholic site, they all think that it is great that Paprocki is denying gay people funerals.  The obsession among certain people on the Catholic right, both laity and clerical, with the gheys leads me to believe that there are lots of self-hating closeted types who are using Catholicism as a cover.
Bigots lie and conjure up 'alternative facts' to support their bigotry -- and that's what you're doing. At the time of his nomination as ambassador, Laurent Stefanini (you don't even know his name, or at least you have not used it) was not married, was not in a civil union or partnership, and was not, and had never been, an activist for gay rights.  As far as I know, he still isn't.  If he were married or in a relationship, he would not have to admit that -- he would simply say so.  Here is one of many contemporaneous reports about his nomination: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/04/14/remember-who-am-i-to-judge-vatican-silent-on-france-s-gay-appointee
Some Gay clips for French Immersion class in Canada (frm 10 to 15 year-old &+); ".. .two girls who were the pair laughed so hard  that the most beautiful almost die...die of joy..." » (onYouTube)= Holden- Madrid (w/ French Lyrics)  (onYouTube)= Laura Fabian “Comme Ils disent…” (w/French lyrics) (a song written for a Gay Man but “she” is the female part of Him)
". . . if LGBT people were permitted the kind of massive witnessing that has occurred in the Anglican communion, without fear of penalty or exclusion."  It is CONTRARY to Church teaching to penalize or exclude a Catholic merely for being homosexual.    "To commence the dialogue, the Church would have to stop firing and threatening people because such actions underscore that dialogue is off the table."   But the Church has no business in dialogue whose object is to make acceptable what thousands of years of Christianity --- as well as thousands of cultures --- have said is not acceptable.
Sorry to inform you but for parents of toddlers to teens,  one of the most dangerous aspects of keeping children safe is taking them to public restrooms.  It's already a balancing act for the parents.   Should we let them go unaccompanied?  Will someone bother them?  Will they be safe?  No responsible adult would want their teenage girls alone in a public restroom facility with a 40 year old male who perceives himself as a 40 year old lesbian woman.
Ironically, the present leader of the Roman-styled church is advocating reforms that the entrenched clerics want no part of... this doesn't negate what you say here at all, of course, just pointing out the apparent irony that the poor, apathetic Church can't even change when it wants to.  I would note, however, the public apologies that Pope Francis has made in recent months for past transgressions--one to gay people and another to Protestants if I'm not mistaken.
This is not a "non-issue".  It is very important.  But it is an opportunity to see Kenney's true colours.  One of his most ardent supporters, Ted Byfield (who likes to tell the world that Kenney is godfather to his grandchild) recently blogged about GSAs being "sex clubs" and wrote:  "What is the province’s legal position? If my son or daughter, having reached, say, the age of ten or eleven, is lured into a school sex club, is persuaded that he or she must be homosexual, acts accordingly, acquires HIV and then AIDS and remains crippled for life, whom do I sue? The government, or the minister that helped bring this tragedy upon us?"  These are the words of Kenney's follower.  Kenney's true beliefs are not a "non-issue"
How interesting that the Burkeites, who focus with a monomaniacal tendency on so-called sins of the flesh and their mendacious extrapolations of the 6th commandment well beyond the sin of adultery (to include everything from masturbation to chaste gay sex), play so extraordinarily fast and loose with the fifth commandment to not kill, and all its extrapolations ... not to kill someone by besmerching their character through slander and gossip, etc. These neoconservatives, breaking the law to anonymously put up these outrageous posters, have through their actions shown themselves to be shameless diners at the cafeteria ... the very "sin" they derided in others during the previous two pontificates. The foetid stench of  hypocrisy lies rank over the Eternal City. Any neoconservative pretense at occupying a moral high ground went out the window with the election of the trumpster ...  these further transgressions simply remind us of the fact.
And yet what was St. Paul's position on homosexual acts?
Editorial: Therefore, according to the catechism, all sex acts between married couples must be “ordered per se to the procreation of human life” (2366).   Which is a fatal flaw in the teaching of the catechism. All sex acts are not ordered to the procreation of human life; they can't be.  All married couples are infertile at some point.  Either they start that way or they become that way in the aging process. In addition, the female spouse is naturally infertile much of the time.  None of those sex acts during infertility are ordered to procreation.  The approved NFP method attempts to have sex at an infertile time.  The editorial quite rightly calls for an examination of the Church's teaching because it is not based on reality. Gallup and Pew report the majority of American Catholics have rejected the Church's teaching on both contraception and increasingly on the morality of homosexuality.  The Church's position will change again as it has before as the editorial points out.
Yet those of us who do both politics on the ground and argument in this space, especially on abortion and gay rights, knows exactly what they mean and can verify the truth of it.
One comment...WHO CARES?  What are there, maybe two transgender students in the state??
Democries have not been threatened by democratic votes for Trump or Brexit.. oh the media is so corrupt; but IS threatened by the media's pervasive corruption and political collusion, and even more threatened by the importation of immigrants and refugees that do not believe in democracy or women's liberation, that want to kill homosexuals and push the west into Sharia law. Yes, democracy is indeed threatened.
Its nice to see the encouragement of altruistic deeds, but  some of the comments in this article are inaccurate.  Faith communities have been excluded from the "conversation" and public policy?  I seem to hear them loud and clear on their opposition to abortion and gay marriage.  I seem to hear them loud and clear on continuing a separate school board for Catholics.  Indeed, I seem to hear them a great deal whenever an issue involving morality arises.     They are not excluded from the conversation;  its simply that fewer and fewer people are prepared to base social policy on  scriptures written many hundreds of years ago!
Here are seven of Clinton’s biggest flip-flops: 1. Gay Marriage. 2. The Iraq War. 3. The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). 4. North American Free Trade Agreement. 5. The Keystone Pipeline.  6. Criminal Justice. 7. Illegal Immigrant Children. Did you comment on her flip flops also? Or were they good political decision on her part?  “If politicians stopped meddling with things they don't understand, there would be a more drastic reduction in the size of government than anyone in either party advocates.” ― Thomas Sowell
Notice that the offense here is not the participation in homosexual acts.  The offense is essentially holding up a middle finger to the Church in public and saying, "I refuse to comply with the teachings of the Church or to acknowledge my sinfulness.  Now, give me my sacrament."    Seriously, do you think the Church should be bullied into providing a Catholic ritual to   someone who does that?  Heck, lots of people who commit far less offensive acts (e.g., many Protestants) are denied Catholic rituals.
My second comment on this is fr james message that Lgbt people should also love those in the hierarchy.  That is a very difficult message given the rampant homophobia and transphobia in the hierarchy but it's the gospel. Jesus doesn't only say "love those who reciprocate it". He says "love your neighbor and your enemy".   When Jesus was being crucified on the cross in the worst form of state terrorism and violence while being mocked he still loved those who mocked and oppressed him among the religious hierarchy and Roman occupation guard. That is the difficult and counter cultural example we as Christians have to emulate.
It's a fair assumption. Why would the Church exploit a transgender? The reasons for the alleged wrongful termination ARE the practices of SNAP.....practices that were fairly easy to discern  before the (abandoned) Tierney trial...practices that became obviously apparent at the Tierney trial.   The firm likely took the case on contingency. Firms like this don't take cases like this on contingency unless their chance of a settlement or court award is very high.   The goal of this lawsuit is only known by the plaintiff, who obviously had no ties to the Church. SNAP has long been in the process of discrediting themselves. In case you have not noticed, there are other organizations that support survivors, and these organizations were formed by former SNAP malcontents. So your claim that SNAP is "the one" is just plain false.
For one thing, couples and young people can avoid going to gay priests for marital advice.     And more importantly, the cataclysmic sex scandal was a direct result of a Church that condoned the thousands of gay men -- priests-- who were pretending to be straight.   The Church is partly to blame for allowing this duplicity.   The gay priests pretending to be straight are surely to blame as well.  Nothing good comes from such secrecy, and the current word-games that attempt to wish away the reality of sexual orientation.  Progress can only come with honesty.   And in this case, honesty should begin with all priests declaring if they are indeed gay.
I think I'm a lesbian.
I'm Canadian and have European background, so I understand that the Natives were here 1st and that we are all immigrants so we have to open our doors to the rest of the word.   My question is why does Europe have to Open its Doors to Immigrants from the Middle East, being that Europeans are actually the 'NATIVES' AFTER ALL?  How come Rich Gulf Countries aren't taking in 1 Single Refugee? How come Zero Asian Countries are taking in 1 Single Refugee?   Strange how No One ever Calls them RACIST? Why is it that only Western White Cultures have to open their doors so blindly to a Culture that HATES EVERYTHING WE STAND FOR?? I myself am very Tolerant but I don't Tolerate the Intolerant, Sunni Wahhabism which is a form of Islam is the Most Intolerant belief System in the World. They throw Gays from Buildings, a woman needs 4 witnesses to be able to charge a man with Rape and the list goes on.   Its time to question Western Governments Policies, its the least we owe to future generations.
Doesn't matter who's pope. The structure is hierarchical and monarchical and unaccountable in the end, leaving women in second-class citizen status under Catholicism and gays, pro-choice advocates, and pro-contraception persons in the sinner category. Why? Because of a sacred text with some oppressive pronouncements in it that play out at the level of cruelly enforced dogma the world over, all in the name of an imaginary firmament.  No amount of fine diction from the columnist and no variations in papal leadership styles will change any of that.
Fox News. We are still laughing at your comment about liberals labeling people!  LOL.  Sad that there is a group of people you "don't like" but at least you admit it.  You seemed kinda obsessed with the gay and paranoid about American "changing"?  Every generation thinks that.  Something is missing you in your life.
Gay comedians tell a lot of gay jokes.
When the entire judiciary agrees, you can be confident it was based on law and natural rights, not politics.  The politics favored pandering to the bishops, which is why people went to court.  Marriage has always been about building a legal family, not necessarily the kind with children.  It still is.  When a person gets married they leave their parents and cling to their spouse.  Catholic hospitals were not allowing gay couples to do that.  Even without the recent decisions, by the way, they do now.
It's amazing how our society has survived, even through the turbulent '60s and '70s, with the 'life and death' transgender issue lurking beneath the surface.  Kind of like the 'urgency' to pass legislation on assisted suicide.    While some people may have identity confusion (and it's not always about gender either), to me this still feels like a 'progressive' society that's dealt with all the bigger issues and now is restlessly casting about for another progressive cause to take on.   So now we've got the pronoun and bathroom wars to keep us warm at night.
So you deny the rampant sexism that is so blatantly obvious? Do you also deny the homophobia? Do you even deny the cover-up of sexual predation by the clergy?
Sounds a bit so-so. I don't imagine lesbian ambassadors are very popular with the usual bourbon drinker. It could have been a convenient way to get rid of her and sidestep a lawsuit at the same time. It doesn't seem like the family was very accepting of her, although that could have more to do with their customer base.
What is your source for this statement since there are many examples of abuse of females, Marie being a prime example? Since bishops and cardinals used to be priests, how many are gay? A Goggle search will show many of them have offended against both male and female children.
My reaction to this article is that it is an essay in search of  meaning.  All "analysis" aside, the fact is that the hierarchal Church bans homosexuals from the priesthood.  Period.  Just as it bans the ordination of women.  Period.  Looking for loopholes does no one any good, really, as it creates a continuous and false impression that "things will change."  Sorry, but the institutional Church is not going to take-on either issue in serious ways now or in the foreseeable future.  The lay faithful are not (yet) able to stand up and demand the Church authorities enter into an educated, science-based discussion and re-evaluation of its old and ancient beliefs, and that is exactly what it will take to move the Church out of the 16th century.  Each of us must decide, on the basis of these realities, if we can remain in the Church and on what basis.  There are a number of options, but one must decide for oneself, and not based on such conjecture as we read in this essay.
Really - "Premier two mom's"?  I'm guessing you support TWU's rules against normal, legal relations between married same-sex couples.
Fine words, Gary, but highly ironic.  :-/  If we migrate over to the 'transgender' thread, we will find any number of good progressives on these boards (including yourself, if memory serves) absolutely 100% accepting that the feelings of those who insist that they are male personas trapped inside of female bodies (or vice-versa) are in fact expressing an objective truth.   Even though such claims have little if any basis in objective, demonstrable scientific fact (in fact, such claims heavily imply Body-Mind Duality, which modern science by and large rejects).  Substituting "feelings" for facts isn't exclusive to any particular part of the political spectrum, unfortunately.
See my comment elsewhere about the irony of folks who want a state sanctioned marriage, especially a non-religious gay couple, when the origin of state sanctioned marriage came from a couple hardcore religious conservatives in the 16th and 17th century whose name you will see on churches all over town. Bizarre. Do your research.
In this term, we will see if Gorsuch is a Kennedy or a Scalia. If he is a Kennedy then the only consistent anti-abortion justice would be Thomas. The stare decises crowd on Roe would be everyone but Thomas, making it immoral to argue that presidential elections have anything to do with abortion. Of course, even if he is like Scalia, only two Roe repealers do not a movement strategy justify.  If the couple were picking a standard cake from a book, the baker has no room to say no and it appears he said as much. They could have simply ordered the cake from him and gotten a cake topper with two grooms online. If they want something unique to them that involves artistic compromise, he cannot be forced into that relationship, whether the topic is gay marriage, building a cake that is shaped like a B-2 bomber or with a message to not eat meat.
She was also the first gay premier in India. She first ruled Tamil Nadu in 1991.
"Do you see the problem with forcing people to do things that you think are good? Other people might consider those activities to be wrong."  You argue in favor of people being court ordered to AA. Apply your comment to that.  "United Way supports many organizations that we object to as immoral."  Granted, Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger was credited with the quote "the weak and unfit are an unnecessary burden on society"--the very definition of socio-economic eugenics--and there is far too much incense being burned to Ayn Rand and Herbert Spencer in this country. Yet God created the male anatomy in such a way (sexual glands in the nether regions) for it to be pleasurable to receive an*l sex (thus Randy Shilts referred to San Francisco as "the city of bottoms", explaining the majority of gay men like to be on bottom (!)). Yet what does that have to do with procreation? So then why did God create males that way--in order to categorize such immoral?
I'm not concerned with the actions of Muslims. They're not the ones actively working to deny transgender people their civil rights in the US.  "How am I denying anyone "the ability to live their life the same way everybody else gets to."???" Simple. By supporting the conservative agenda of denying essential health care to any transgender person, you are violating the rights of transgender people. By supporting the act of restricting which restroom  transgender people are able to use, you are not only denying transgender civil rights, you are also interfering with the medical and mental health of every transgender affected by your actions.
My understanding is some transgenders take only hormones but do not remove the sexual organs. So he is a transgender, regardless if he has the complete operation.  That is not my opinion but that of the transgenders.
I'm a moderate and don't get caught up in either sides politics, I think they both suck. But to say that there isn't a fringe element to both sides that are pushing extreme views and agendas is a complete lie and playing victim. The right has its fanatics to include the supremacists, the anti abortion and even the hard core religions. The left has Occupy, Black Lives Matters and the homosexual driven groups. I have seen and viewed black lives matters participate in equally demonstrative and objectionable tactics to include spewing derogatory remarks towards white people, spitting on cops and call them insults and even killing cops. They have to take responsibility for those actions as the right does for its. I'm not a big fan of Trump at all but what he says makes sense to me. These two forces will keep colliding because neither one wants to back off its agenda, the cops will be the ones to take the brunt of it, they have to continue to mediate this nonsense.
According to exit polling, 14 percent of the LGBT vote went to Trump. It is estimated that nationwide as many as one million LGBT votes may have gone to Trump. So, I ask them once again: "How's that workin' out for ya?"  Best,  RTD
These things never prove out instantly, but they do support what gays self-report about their own experience. Who are we to simply disregard it? Anti-sexual clerical ideals of functionality are a rationalization, as are concerns about disease. All sex can carry disease. So does breathing. All the doctrinal dysfunction on sex goes to continence and the belief in imminent return. Talking about building your house on sand!
Are you high? We will see if the issue comes up and how Gorsuch votes. No one with an obvious pro life record will even get full GOP support. Most appeallate judges are pretty homogeous on social issues. Just remember how gay marraige rights flew through the circuits. No circuit said no. Remember Terri Schaivo? No Republican judge or justice supported the congressional publicity stunt or her parents case to keep her alive against the will of her husband. Assisted suicide is following the same path. Asserting as your main argument that God says so does not win cases in a modern federal court. Nor should it.  Want to ban abortion? Increase the child tax credit twelve fold (and watch the effects of racism fall away as well).
"Parents are deciding the gender of a child instead of nature" What the heck do you mean by that??? "Christianity is under assault as well as white males" Oh, you poor, poor dears. I don't feel under assault as a white male. Many Christians don't feel under assault. But, once again, you reveal what the organized defense of this man is really about. It's about the "freedom" of conservative Christians to discriminate against gay people. It's about conservative Christians' ability to show their superiority over gay people. You and your fellow conservative Christians want to return our society to a time when your values were supreme. When gay people were in the closet, in insane asylums, or in prison. You and your fellow conservative Christians want to reassert yourselves, knowing that people couldn't discriminate against you because of your religion while being able to legally discriminate against gay people in the name of "religious freedom".
It might help to go back to the original intent of the US Census. How many people are there in the country? Where are they distributed? A simple post card with one question asking each household with a mailing address to say how many people are in that household ought to do the trick for 90% of the country. The remaining 10%, send out field workers. The people who are suspicious of the census would be a lot less suspicious with such an approach, rather than a 10-page questionnaire querying how many bathrooms you have, or whether two people in one household are hetrosexual or homosexual.
Geeez, you're thick, Rhyner.  It's the CHILDREN and their accepting parents that were interviewed by Oprah.  You're afraid of what transgender children have to say about their own sexuality?  Haha
If that were the case girls' sports would be completely dominated by boys.  Hasn't happened.  But you might want to take this up with the NCAA and the IOC, both of which allow transgender individuals to compete according to their gender (not their birth sex).  And then you can move on to professional sports - women's tennis, the LPGA, Mixed Martial Arts, and the like.  But, if you think that a boy is simply going to claim that he's a girl to make the team you haven't thought this thru.  This is school where everyone knows everyone.  That means that the kid is going to have to live as a girl 24/7.  Makeup.  Hair.  Clothing.  No hanging with his male friends.  No male sports.  Not to mention that he's just removed himself from the hetero dating pool, pretty much permanently.  And that's not even considering what his former male buds will call him.  Gay and fag are among the kinder words.  And then we get to the physical bullying - 10% of trans people have been physically assaulted.
You mistake confirmation bias among a "natural group" for group think.  Groupthink is sometimes stated to occur (more broadly) within natural groups within the community, for example to explain the lifelong different mindsets of conservatives versus liberals,[4] or the solitary nature of introverts.[5] However, this conformity of viewpoints within a group does not mainly involve deliberate group decision-making, and thus is perhaps better explained by the collective confirmation bias of the individual members of the group.  Here is a group think definition that should trouble Imago Dei members:Type II: Closed-mindedness  Rationalizing warnings that might challenge the group's assumptions. (You are rationalizing warnings about anti-gay and female submission) and Stereotyping those who are opposed to the group as weak, evil, biased, spiteful, impotent, or stupid (that is pretty much your modus operandi).
Giving refuge based on one's sexuality is a joke. Most scientists agree at least 10 per cent of the human population is homosexual. In no way can Canada absorb 10 per cent of the world's population just because it is a drag to be gay in most countries. Canada would do better to spend the money on encouraging the UN and others to actually uphold human rights legislation and treaties.
Reed should stop trying to add another dimension to the pack of lies Repub party. So what you're saying is taken a bullet erases the absolute evil ways of scalese prior to taking that bullet. He was the biggest opponent of stripping the middle and lower class from healthcare, a haters of gays, and anyone that doesn't look like him. The irony is that his sorry, hateful life was saved by the very people he directs his hateful speech, a black man, a black married lesbian woman and a Latino. He should try to  a better person. I doubt he will.
A few things have been overlooked:  1.  Mutual accommodation -- one person's rights do not automatically supersede another person's rights.  Yet the comments and belligerence from many in the article indicate that the rights of normal women and the business do not matter in the least to them.    2. The would-be client is free to take their business elsewhere.    There must be dozens of high-end spas in Toronto and hundreds, if not thousands, in the GTA.  Doubtless many would accommodate the complainant.  3. On the off-chance that zero spas would accommodate them, they're free to set up their own business to fill the demand and advertise that they are trans-friendly.  It worked very well for the gay community.  4. They were not denied an essential service such as medical, food, or housing.   A spa treatment (vs. a prescribed/medical massage) is a purely discretionary purchase.  5. No matter what Body Blitz does, they will now be under siege, thus ruining it for everyone.
Trudeau's Canada weakens the LGBT movement in Chechnya  but taking in gay refugees from there Mostly the activists and leaders of LGBT in Chechnya  - Unity is strength (to Trudeau it is Diversity) so with fewer gays LGBT in Chechnya is weakened - good for those who come to Canada as refugees but not so good for those still stranded there - fewer to fight persecution - Trudeau needs to think before he acts
And walking hand-in-hand, publicly holding themselves out in what is essentially a sexual union.    And, if one is going to adopt the label "gay," then one has to accept that he is part of that group that does, literally, parade around declaring its pride for engaging in and/or embracing same-sex sodomy.  That's not conflating anything; it is what it is.
I do agree that Scandinavia is a model worth emulating, but Sweden is the worst example of that. It's debateable if they are even Scandinavian (they say they are, all the other Scandinavian countries get really, really offended if you call group them with Sweden), economically they are more akin to the Rhineland Capitalisms of Germany and France, socially they are the most backward country in Europe.  They were the very last country on earth to give women the vote* etc. To my mind Scandinavia consists of Denmark, Norway, Iceland and Finland. And while they can all teach us economic lessons, they all have different *other* lessons to teach. Iceland for gender equality. Finland for improving education. Norway for multiculturalism. Denmark for gay rights and social liberties.   *With the clarification that in countries where women still can't vote, neither can men because they aren't democracies. They were the last hold-out of the male-only democracies.
Do you believe that 'Love=Sex'?   The church has absolutely no problem with two men or two women truly loving each other.  The problem is sexual intimacy.  Did you miss that part?   Or are you just intentionally trying to confuse the issue?   If Two men (or women) are very close friends, and confide in each other, and support one another, there is no problem with this.  The Church requires all of us to refrain from any physical intimacy outside of Marriage of a man and woman.   That means that people who feel strongly drawn to extramarital affairs, are forbidden from acting on this.  Those who feel strongly drawn to sexual acts before marriage are required to refrain etc...   This isn't singling out Homosexuals, but it's an understanding that sexual intimacy has a single proper context, and that context is the confines of natural marriage between a man and a woman.    This is based upon the very nature of sex, assuming you know a thing or two about human physiology and biology....
Rae; Why would any parent, in this day and age, allow their child to wear a T-shirt with "transgender student" on it to any public school knowing the  elevated degree of animus that exists among a bigoted intolerant segment of our population?  Choosing to support a politician is a lot different from an identy with which one is born. If you are going to make an unpopular political decision, it is unconscionable to have it paraded around on your child's chest, and not expect him to be the target of criticism and ridicule of other children.
Being a Mob Boss is one thing, ordering the murder, extortion, prostitution, money laundering, drug dealing, et'c are sins.  Being a homosexual man or woman is not a sin.
"dress matters to Conservatives more than it does to others..."  Oh, don't kid yourself.  If you think younger, liberal (or Liberal) people don't carefully "dress down" then you're fooling yourself.  A uniform can be ANYTHING, these days.  I mean, seen the Gay Pride parade??
No, the real problem is perpetuated ignorance of human sexuality and the notion homosexuality is still considered a sin within a loving, committed relationship.
Apparently you must have missed efforts on illegal immigration, taxation, Obamacare, and cabinet selection. Of course meeting with Trudeau and transgender bathroom actions are certainly at the bottom of the scale when it comes to importance.
I'd like to see more mainstream US Christian groups denounce the enacting of laws in various African countries that have made being gay a crime punishable by death, these laws were pushed in part by the support of Christian evangelical groups working in Africa.
Rejecting homosexuality on religious and making a business transaction are not related.
TO's BML should be marching in Nigeria's gay pride next year under the Boko  Haram vail where most of their leadership's birthplace originates from.
And of course, you never let facts stand in your way:  'He's the first private club owner in Palm Beach, Fla., to admit an openly gay couple, according to Laurence Leamer, the author of “Madness Under the Royal Palms,” a book about Palm Beach society. Mr. Trump made his club, Mar-a-Lago, more open partly out of disdain for the restrictions that barred Jews and African-Americans from joining exclusive clubs in Palm Beach.  "It’s one of the best things he’s done in my view in his life,” Mr. Leamer said. “He really changed the nature of Palm Beach.”  Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988, recalled bringing dates to Mar-a-Lago on two occasions. Both times, he said, Mr. Trump, who loves to play the role of greeter as guests arrive at his club, was pleasant and approached the two for chitchat."'  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/23/us/politics/donald-trump-gay-rights.html
MilesD: Have you heard or read that the organizers of the Gay Pride parade have asked the city of Toronto to ensure that there is no police presence anywhere near the parade?  I haven't.
Is it Censorship to say that it is wrong to say "Fire!" in a theater? Or to lie by saying God and His Church allows for gay or adulterous unions to exist? Should someone be consequently told, as well as others they mislead, that person is telling a lie? Censorship also comes from the public. What about Griffn holing a de-cap'd head of President Trump? Think she should had been able to go on without some Civil Enterprise of public discourse to pull her off the air?   But in truth, censorship can be used for good, or for ill. If Censorship is used in correction and admonition, then it is a good thing, if in fact it is for a moral and common good. Something that does not threaten liberty nor life. Socialists tried to Censor the Pope through each Major War. Modern Progressives try to Censor parts of what Pope's have said, or say today. Humane Vitae as an example. In fact, Socialists as in Germany, the USSR, and the Occult Imperialists of Japan in WWII, did Censor with Death.
Manning's 35 year sentenced was reduced to 7 years. Practically speaking, that doesn't seem like a "big difference" to me.  Manning committed a serious crime.  Manning's actions do not speak well for transgendered people in the military.  He had psychological problems and felt rejected by his father.
Or what happens say if a Baptist baker refuses to make a cake for a Catholic because they truly believe that theirs is the one true religion? Or refuses to make a cake for a Jewish wedding? I agree, if they are going to discriminate for a gay wedding, then they better have the ten commandments posted and a checklist that each couple must complete. And a sign that says, " No cake for you" if you .........
An amicus brief filed to the Supreme Court by 34 legal scholars asks the Supreme Court to recognize the distinction between an objection to same-sex marriage and an objection to serving people who are gay. “Phillips clearly did not have any objection to selling to customers on the basis of their sexual orientation,” the brief says. Rather, his objection is “to designing and baking for the purpose of celebrating same-sex weddings.” As I said elsewhere, there is only one race; human.  Skin color isn’t a behavior.
So Comrade, I guess you haven't heard about breitbart trying to boycott Kellogg's? Or RWNJ's boycotting Starbucks because their cups are christmasy enough? Or millionmoms boycotting Target, Penney's et al for not discriminating against gays? Yeah, it's just liberals.
"The Obama Foundation will spend roughly $500-million (U.S.) building a three-part complex" Wow, just like the Clinton's Foundation, pay per use , special interests and certain dubious overseas characters 'donating' millions to the " Foundation" for certain favors in return. Hopefully the washroom transgender big Obama's preoccupation   will be included in the new self-congratulatory museum, library where as the report states, users will get to 'find out ' all about the greatness of this  husband and wife rich entrepreneurs team.
"There is no one explanation, but you can't answer why without looking at the rise of Christian conservatives...Christian activism for many has come to mean conservative activism, working against gay marriage, abortion access and the legalization of marijuana — and young people may be turned off by such positions," Cox said.  Young people MAY be turned off? Try ARE turned off - bigly! And therein lies the answer to the dwindling attendance among young people at churches all across the board. That "smaller, purer church" that Pope Benedict referred to is already happening. He must be so pleased.
I admire your creative writing skills to come up with that story.   This is a local issue that has nothing to do with Trump.   You KNOW what the deal was :  when the special gay rights law was passed by the assembly all they had to do was put limits on bathrooms that would have protected girls from men pretending to be women using the girls room.  Liberal members figuring they had the votes , refused to do it.  Liberals thought the in your face moment was good forever.  Then when the issue was brought up again and the petition was struck down . Liberals gloated again , thinking it was a done issue.  It wasn't , and that's why we are where we are today.  Had liberals just given an inch on the bathroom issue this would have been a done deal forever.  Now it has come back to bite them.  If conservatives get the vote out , everyone will start using the bathroom they are supposed to . Liberals will once again start calling everyone names who disagree's with them . It didn't have to be .
....AT.....'And such a great example for our kids...Stellar. Have you bothered to research the rate of promiscuity within the homosexual community ?'  This post of yours seems rather condemning of homosexuals.  I'm no fan of promiscuity, but I find it as problematic among heterosexuals as among homosexuals.  I have already expressed my personal condemnation of supervisors becoming sexually involved with subordinates and the many issues which inevitably follow.  If you criticize promiscuity fine.....we agree.  If you use it, as your post seems to imply, as a means to condemn homosexuality, we disagree.  That's a very big difference.  Re: Opinion... sure, most of it is...I'd be interested in your counterpoint opinion.  Gary Crum
"why don't we question the principles and ethics behind all of our laws" I think that is a very good idea! That kind of re-examination should be going on all the time. In fact that kind of re-examination is what has lead to right to die legislation around the world. And the removal of laws criminalizing inter-racial marriages. And changing the law to give natives the vote. The same kind of re-examination resulted in homosexuality being removed from the DSM as a mental disorder. Good ideas don't need censorship to support them and they don't need to be protected from critical comment. Good ideas can stand up for themselves and/or be rationally supported by well informed people.
The "post-truth" society is yet another canard. Of course there is such a thing as truth, and thanks to the Web, truth is easier than ever before to find, if you take the time and trouble.  The truth is that most Canadians are tolerant and accepting almost to a fault. What they do not accept is an aggressive religion which is anti-semitic, opposed to gender equality, opposed to homosexuality, views non-believers as second class citizens and advocates violence against anyone who "disrespects" said religion.  This is not "post-truth" -- the validity  of this description is easily verified by anyone who takes the time to read the Koran and the Hadiths.  Is Muslims want to be accepted they have only to integrate into Canadian society, and accept its secular values. Essays like this do not begin to address the true problem, they seek to obscure  and deflect attention from it.
So hypothetically your child enters a bathroom and is followed in by a person obviously dressed as a woman but with slightly masculine facial features (nose, jaw line, forehead) or maybe a somewhat stocky frame.  Are you going to accost that person and demand their birth certificate because they don't look feminine enough to you? What standard will you use to determine who is "feminine enough" to pass without question? News flash .. a lot of non-transgender women have masculine facial and body features and a lot of women wear very masculine clothes.  You do know that the ordinance goes both ways. How will you react when I ask you for your birth certificate on your way to the men's room because you don't look masculine enough to me???  Give me your thoughts on THAT scenario.   No matter what is on the birth certificate, most people aren't fixated on the genitalia of the person in the next stall like Kim, Jim and friends.
I think the police are always behind the curve when it comes to human rights.  I agree with the ban in theory to the extent that it forces groups, such as the police, to examine their institution for a culture of homophobia, racism, and sexism, all of which have existed within police culture for time immemorial.  Marching in the pride parade gives organizations a cheap way to posture and co-opt a message of inclusivity without having to earn that respect.  Even Patrick Brown marches in the pride parade while courting all sorts of unsavory hardline social conservatives.   Enough is enough, it's their parade, not ours.  Toronto police can march, just not in an organized manner in uniform.  That's a legitimate compromise, but it takes power away from an organization used to having it and abusing it.
It should make you a cautious conservative.  At least they don't pander to this group and plan to bring hundreds of thousands into Canada.  Wait until a decade, or a generation, from now and see the impact of that on tolerance for gays.
From Charlottesville at the scene: New York Times reporter Sheryl Gay Stolberg, for one, attested: “The hard left seemed as hate-filled as alt-right,” she tweeted. “I saw club-wielding ‘antifa’ beating white nationalists being led out of the park.” If there were any doubt as to whether the Left were committing violence that day, Stolberg later clarified: “[I] should have said violent, not hate-filled.”
Wrong again Joe.  Or are you saying that being gay is more than just having sex with men?  Somehow, being gay is something you are born with, but who you have sex with is a choice?  Sheesh, then count me as being gay, I want protected status.  I am a gay man who chooses to have sex with women.
When I was growing up I had a friend that worked there and he was "suspected" to be gay and he was fired.
And love between homosexuals can be total self-gift.
Ah Lesia, when one considers Churches with a married clergy, of course the proportion goes up among celibate clergy, But lets not forget that the proportion of married to celibate priests varies greatly over time and geography in our Church.   I was only recently converted to about 50% as a reasonable guess for the Roman Church. I certainly think it is increasing over time.   But I think "those who are insisting that gay men may not become priests" is a null set! Although the words could be given that sense, one would be very hard pressed to find a single bishop who is going to systematically deny ordination to gay men.
The Civil Rights Act is clear about firms who serve the public.  No discrimination, especially against a protected class (which the Perry decision makes gays and lesbians).  Private bakers can, of course, select their clientele.  The only thing objectionable to any baker would be the cake topper with a rainbow flag, two brides and two grooms and if asked to do the rainbow flag in icing, I am sure a sincere baker could ask politely to beg off - but they have no right to show moral scorn to the customer.  Ever.  The baker can believe what they want but even St. Paul would say that they must be polite (a Jew to Jews, a Gentile to Gentiles).  Indeed, it is much more fun to celebrate gay people in love.  Thinking is sinful because your tribe disapproves is putting politics before people.
Have you actually ever listened to Milo Yiannopolus speeches? He's like a Gay, White Don Rickles. Even if you consider him a "racist, white supremacist" why should he not be allowed to speak? If someone doesn't like what he say's they don't have to go listen to him, and they are free to peaceably demonstrate outside.
Why do you say that? I believe she's gay and not trans. Gays aren't involved in the situation you are talking about.
The US military discriminates against people by age (I believe 40 is the maximum enrollment age for basic training). So it is ageist.   The US military discriminates based on physical capabilities foo all kinds. So it is ableist.   The US military discriminates on the basis of intelligence, height, weight, and against a vast plethora of medical conditions.   There are arguments on both sides of this trans issue, but there is a perfectly reasonable and I think strong argument for the ban - the argument being that transgendered people, in addition to burdening the military medical system with additional medical costs, also have statistically far higher rates of depression and anxiety disorders than the general population. Some perfectly healthy and able trans people will be discriminated against, just as some over-40 people who *could* pass basic training are discriminated against. It is not always fair and equitable but the military is not a college campus, it is a killing machine.
Anon - my childhood was not so bad.  Most people were not unkind; just a few and enough so that I learned a bit about tolerance myself.    I am somewhat lost, too, in some of these conversations because I have no background in theology, philosophy, or religion, except for those "intro to..." courses in the first few years of college.  But I read a lot.  I have tried to read to understand catechism, doctrines, papal exhortations. I read what bishops say, listen to homilies at Mass.  Maybe I only pick up bits and pieces, but the bits and pieces help.    Ultimately, I am the one who must face God in my prayers at night and when I die.  Ultimately, what will save my soul is not the priest, bishop, or pope, but knowing and loving God and loving my neighbor and loving myself.  All this other stuff needs to be in service to how we live by that "great commandment."    How does doctrine on sex as "explained" by natural law stack up, the intrinsic evil of gay people, of contraceptives? Not much.
McCarthy did the same thing to homosexuals and tried to ruin their reputations through exposure.  It is interesting you mentioned Murrow.  It was Murrow using television that destroyed McCarthy's reputation.   It was the equal time offered by Murrow where McCarthy destroyed his own reputation.  Instead of addressing a single one of Murrow's substantive allegations, McCarthy attacked Murrow.  In some ways McCarthy was both made and destroyed by the new emerging medium of television.  I see prosecutorial abuse as more similar to McCarthy than I do regular politics.  It is in criminal investigations and prosecutions that reputations are truly ruined.   I'm much happier letting the voters decide what to make of HRC and her shenanigans at the State Dept.  I cringe when Trump says she ought to be in jail.  He might be right, but it is for a court to decide. We don't throw our political adversaries in jail if and when we get elected. That is not America.
Women are not all of the same affinity any more than all men. Every guy does not like baseball or football and certainly they don't all like Trump. When you go to a gay pride parade and yell out your affinity with the men their, particlulary the ones in leather, then what you say might be true. Nah.  The Church does oppress all women with regard to seeking their natural Charism for leadership, as well as all married heterosesxual men, married or active homosexual me, really anyone who does not either share a male axesual gender identity, either by nature or coerceon. It is the moral equivalent of a gay clergy requiring private sex acts in order to be ordained. Would you find that oppressive? What about to get a seat on the federal bench or DOJ job? Have I brought it close enough to home?
Re: "Don't you have more opinion pieces on transgender washroom selection?"  T-rump said he has no problems and that trans-folk can use any bathroom they like to in any of his properties.  If he doesn't have a problem with it, why do YOU?
Both are 1st amendment. The baker has just as much a right to refuse a pro gay message as the other baker has to refuse an anti-gay message.
Let's be honest, vv.  The one group that is doing its best to bring the Church down is the homosexuals, who blame the Church for their status in society and the only thing from holding them back from their activities being considered a normal variation of human behavior.
Just wondering...do these "guidelines" also apply to priests and religious who die in this diocese?  I've heard rumors that many may be a (sometimes silent) part of the LGBT community.
Clayton----no comments were allowed from anyone of Wohlfort"s story gay story.  What was he and the Dispatch afraid of ?    When they block free speech because they fear someone might disagree with parts of the story---that's bad news for life in America.
Actually I don't know what I am. I am pro abortion, against  immigration, against organized conservative Religion like Christians, Muslims, pro environment, pro death penalty, anti LGBT agenda ...
"Recovering  homosexual "?!
Wiliki, pregnancies occur naturally, are normal and cannot be compared with elective sex reassignment surgeries for transgenders who have trouble determining if they are male or female.   It is a mental disorder called “gender dysphoria.”   It may not yet be classified as a disability, but give it a little time and liberals will classify it as such, which then will make transgender military members eligible for disability compensation for life.
i'm assuming, gay as in lesbian.  not the normal gender the term is applied to.
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia, Christiophbia, Buddahphobia Europhobia, Americanophibia, democratiophobia, Bibliophobia, iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other.
Manly men hanging out with other men and goin' fishing or going to a Blue Jays game sound like a lot of the gay guys I know . . . just sayin'.
The "underlying principle" is that too many people "confuse" (lie) about what The Baker "discriminated" against. - He didn't refuse to serve the customer. He declined to use his artistic talents to create an "edible piece of art" that went against his religious beliefs......much as I would expect an Orthodox Jew to decline to decorate a cake with "Jesus, the Son of God, Loves You" on it.  - Bakers don't have to decorate a cake that depicts a "black man being lynched" for the same reason that baker shouldn't be forced to bake a "gay wedding cake": It's the "art work" that's the issue, not the customer.
what the church teaches and what we put in law are two different things, with the former being a form of Catholic relativism. Abortion teachings are fairly consistent in Catholicism, not in Judaism and sodomy is disliked because heterosexuals think gay sex icky and gay priests double down to cover themselves
I love that Trump is taking such-definitive action against North Korea.  He takes out his anger by punishing Americans, and banning transgendered folks from serving in the military.  Take that, world!
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.  While Jack gently squeezes the pouch of frosting onto the face of the cake, he shudders at the thought it may be the centerpiece for a gay union.
There is, indeed, a valid reason why Jesus never mentioned gay people.  He didn't consider them any differently than anyone else.
What if the baker refused to make anything for an event that was for black people? Are you saying that is not discrimination?  You do have to serve a same sex wedding if you serve heterosexual weddings. That is the law in Colorado. You seem unable to understand that and what discrimination is.  An example of what you said.  "No one has the right to not be offended." That includes the baker and the couple.  The couple who ordered the cake may or may not have been offended. If they were it was because they were discriminated against by the baker.  The baker was offended by the existence of the gay people.  Or the baker was not offended, but he did indeed discriminate. That is a fact.
That was a Republican form of government case rejecting the federal part of DOMA.  The non-federal part of DOMA became moot with Perry, which was decided 8-1 and the one is dead.  The trial court looked at the Reproduction issue.  The best the Organization for Marriage could find gave it their best argument and opposing counsel (two former solicitors general) ripped it to shreds and the rejection of that point was part of the District Court decision.  Canon law does not even require fecundity to get married.  An openness to children must be promised, but gays and lesbians adopt stray relatives all the time or have their own through the miracles of modern science.  There are some in the Vatican who dislike such miracles to which I respond, make up your minds!
You know, for the life of me, despite all of the explanations that I get, I just cannot understand the deep-seated problem that these people have with gays.  One would think that greater societal acceptance of the idea of a range of sexual expression would make these guys feel more free.  But it seems to have the opposite effect.  It makes no sense to me at all.
There are probably a hundred or so more places in the Bible that condemn heterosexual adultery.  I am still trying to figure out why conservative Catholics spend so much time worrying about the souls of gay men when there are millions and millions more adulterous straight men who don't seem to merit the same care and concern for their souls.  Seems positively discriminatory to me.
If this initiative becomes law, I will memorize Mr. Minnery's picture, and if I  see him enter a men's restroom, I will immediately notify whatever Potty Patrol is in charge of enforcement that I believe a transgender woman is illegally using the wrong restroom.  If anyone else sees the potential mirth factor here, you are welcome to join in the fun.
.  fyi...  There's a well known secret in the legislative halls of Albany, "that the Bishops & Gov. Cuomo had a pow-wow in 2011 when the Gay Marriage bill was gaining momentum here in NY.  The Bishops told Cuomo, "we'll not oppose your Gay Marriage bill, so long as you NEVER allow the "Child Victims Act" to become law.  .
Toronto's gay community ( yes ... I said GAY) has no allies except the police. How ironic;  the very people BLM is so determined to alienate are the only public officials to come to our aid.  Last year Mayor Tory, Premier Wynne, PM Trudeau and city councillor Wong Tam turned their backs on us when the parade was high jacked, and held for ransom.  Just as in 1980, nobody came to our defence because we gay men are still disposable (until those politicians want us to vote for them, and then they tell us how much they love us).
The problem is "pedophilia" has morphed into being a word with two meanings: 1) The psychiatric/psychological definition as sexual attraction to pre-pubescent children, and: 2) The popular, colloquial use of the  word whose widespread definition is: sexual interest in legally underage children,  ether pre-pubescent or pubscent. This popular definition has become so widespread and dominant that it may have, by now, become a new valid definition of the word. Similarly, the word "gay" never used to mean "homosexual" but by widespread use, that new defintion became a legitimate defintion - in fact it's now the primary defintion, and few people use the word now in its original meaning!
Homosexuality is, by definition, being sexually aroused by members of the same sex. That is the reason society separates men from women in many circumstances.  For instance, who believes it is a common sense practice for high schools to have separate boys and girls locker rooms in high school?  Most, I think. How many women think it's a good idea to allow men and women to use public restrooms at the same time?   Probably, not many.  Why then are our service men, who already live lives of great sacrifice, force to be nude in the barracks and shower rooms with homosexuals.  Using our soldiers to service social agenda of a sexual pressure group and force them to live in circumstances you would NEVER tolerate for  your family members,  Mr Representative is reprehensible.  RINOs are the Political French Army!!!
The Police are not an oppressed group. They have and continue to, hassle certain groups more than others; including people of colour and the gay and trans communities. It is up to the TPS to rectify the systemic homo/trans/black phobia in their ranks. That a cop would say in 2017 that you can get HIV from a person's spit is a perfect example, the TPS response is that it will do more 'sensitivity training' is a total whitewash when the cops have had education since the early 90's from ACT.
This is not funny.  Gay hater is worse and shows that you have no desire to hold a reasonable conversation on the issue.  BTW, can you give me a truthful example of a label I put on someone, other than uninformed (which does not mean stupid.)
It is NOT a "privilege" to exercise one's 1st amendment rights whether a Christian or not. It is a Constitution 1st amendment RIGHT, a Natural Right. If Christians are a lesser % of the population, then THEY NEED the protection as a minority that you claim is a right of homosexuals. Afterall, the anti discrimination law puts religion as protected long before homosexuality.
Which of them are better off?  Do you think African Americans would have been better off if LBJ hadn't pushed for and signed the Civil Rights Act?  What about women? Hispanics? Gays? All are better off. What kind of lip service have Republicans been paying them? A lot of hate.
"None of the states proposing these bills can come up with one example of women getting raped by transgender folks in the bathroom,"  **To clarify, the only ones proposing and passing these unneeded transgender bathroom Bills are Left-Wing politicians, and the effect has been that it literally "opens the door" for male criminals and shady characters to access women's bathroom and locker room facilities.  "this whole thing is no different than segregated bathrooms of the past."  ***To clarify- it is ENTIRELY different, if for no other reason than one does not have a Constitutional right to "feel conformable" with facilities another sex .   "There is a long history of hate for the LGBTQ community,"  ***To clarify- passing or not passing these types of Bills have NOTHING to do with the LBGT community.  "it would have been front page news each time this happened,"  ***To clarify: It has been- Google it.
This is pretty typical in all majority Muslim countries. Either you respect the faith and keep your proclivities to yourself, or you will run up against the religious authorities, who do not support gay rights.
He didn't challenge the conventional wisdom on pedophilia. He clearly stated we was opposed to pedophilia. What he challenged was the conventional wisdom of a one-size-fits-all age of consent - and he also said he thought the current age of consent worked pretty well. The entire Maher extended video is available online and the NP gives a link to the raw footage (which is important because there are apparently cunningly edited versions floating around) of the other video where he supposedly (but doesn't) advocate pedophilia. He also said that for a young man, who lives in fear of his family finding out he is gay, an older gay man may be a lifesaver. I think he meant that both literally and figuratively and IMHO years ago, when coming out was likely to get you beaten or worse, it was quite likely true. Whether that is true today may be debatable. See both videos and tell me how I am wrong, factually, logically without invective.
So the transgender members of the military in other countries have never fought and died  for freedom in the name of their country.
the director of Pride, City hall, Mayor ....have a lot to answer for  like, why introduce non-gay politics into the Parade ?  hope they learn their lesson  after the protest of Black Lives Matter  and before that those pushing Middle East politics, where gays are persecuted
And by the way...  Homosexuality is what homosexuality does.  Our passions and appetites, sexual or otherwise do not define us.  What defines us is our choices.  Hence--someone who is attracted to members of the same sex isn't homosexual--until they decide to act on that attraction--and thus define themselves--through their choice to act as homosexual.   The Church does not like labels--homosexual vs. heterosexual because we cannot reduce ourselves to our sexual appetites.  It is granted that a person cannot choose their orientation--that is who they are attracted to.  People can choose how to act.  Our choices define us.  When our appetites and passions draw us to act in ways that are contrary to reason we do not have to respond to them.  We are not animals. We can control our behavior. We can choose to master our passions---or allow our passions to master us.  The idea of self control, however, is abhorrent to liberals.
I appreciate your honesty, Nathan. Again, I've heard great things about Image Dei and who knows, I may visit, but I doubt that's the direction I'm heading. I used to identify as a bible-believing conservative Christian, so I feel I've already explored that path.   I know that there is a genuine theological basis for Christians' view that gay sex is sinful. However, I question how supposed bible-believing Christians can conveniently question other biblical prohibitions (e.g. usury, women head coverings, women speaking in church, etc.) and yet draw the line at gay equality.   I guess this goes back to my original comment that I find it troubling that straight Christians like Jules Bailey can dabble in conservative Christianity while otherwise claiming to oppose anti-gay discrimination outside of church.
Gay pride parade chic goes mainstream - aka - zoolander makes his triumphant return  You know what Handmaid's tale isn't really about what will happen to women in the future Its really a warning about what is about to happen to men if we keep letting the feminist agent provocateurs handle fashion trends and turn us all into shivering dandies unable to pee cause it's just so antifem.......  In 20 years we will nailed up to crosses and milked for our precious by Helga the one brow butcher and her gangs of testosterone girl thugs......
I was thinking sexual assault, endangering the welfare of children, global criminal conspiracy and obstruction of justice, and money laundering.  I'm not aware of any prelates who consider "moral matters such as homosexual acts, Adultery, abortion and cohabitation are no longer sinful." Who?
you just said it yourself "gay priest".  A gay priest isn't going to be using the womens bathroom.  Sandowski was also "married".    And allowed to use the mens bathroom.
And rural folks talk down to urban folks, rural folks insist they're the only "true Americans", etc. Rural folks want to "take back America" ... from whom? Gay people? Non-Christians? Non-conservatives? Without urban folks buying that food, where would those rural folks be? If urban folks weren't providing the loans that tide farmers over until the crops come in, where would the farmers be? Urban folks are subsidizing rural folks' Internet access. A very urban fellow, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, came up with, or supported the idea of, rural electrical associations, without which dairy farmers wouldn't have the electricity to run their milking machines. Maybe rural and urban folks need each other, and we're all American, hmmm?
Yes, and good for him. He was right on gay marriage and he was right on this bill. He was also right on pensions as was Mark Takai.
I have no problem with the Church's concern for reality  if the Church confines that concern to it's own reality.  The gay marriage issue was a secular issue, not a religious issue.  The reality for gays is they did not enjoy the same secular advantages in benefits and tax structure that married straights did.  Even if a gay or lesbian couple was raising children, and many of these couples were raising their own biological children, they could not qualify for many benefits to help raise that child.  This was a secular issue, not a religious issue.    I would hope you wouldn't have backed a political campaign to support the religiously defined 'reality' of the Southern Baptist Convention when it was using the bible to politically institute Jim Crow laws. But once you step down the road of insisting a religious reality should trump secular reality I don't see how you can avoid supporting another religion using the same rationale unless....you advocate for a Catholic theocracy.
When operating a business in the United States of America it's all about observing the law of the land. Once the law said it was okay to discriminate against people of color and there were apparently plenty of people whose consciences dictated to them that this was perfectly acceptable because the Bible, after all, condoned slavery, and in this country that meant black people mostly. Some people even went so far as to say that the Good Lord put the different "races" (as though there were more than just the one human race) on different continents so therefore the "races" should be kept separate. Then the law changed and people were no longer allowed to discriminate. Likewise, it was once considered okay to discriminate against gay people and now things are finally changing, albeit slowly. This is ultimately about following the rule of law in the United States, not some people following their consciences.
Small matter of practice. Retired or separated priests already do these weddings. My brother and his husband had one. Catholicism did not suddenly cease to exist. Gay marriage is a small issue and only gays, reformers and trads care. Most don't. Of course, almost every Catholic family has a gay brother, sister, cousin. Change will come, just as it has for divorced and remarried Catholics, whose marriages have been blessed in the rectory after they have lasted a bit. This started way before Amoris. Amoris just ratified the practice.
I find that, although I have commented on it on Facebook, I did not bother to do a formal blog entry on our new Justice Gorsuch. The quesiton is, how much of a true believer is he? Is he more of a Scalia, his friend, or a Kennedy, his mentor. I am betting the latter, not that there was ever really a chance of stopping his nomination. If he is a Kennedy, he will let Perry v. Brown (gay marriage), Lawrence v. Texas (sodomy), Gonzalez v. Carhart (partial birth abortion ban legal without overturning Roe) and Roe v. Wade (abortion) stand. He will have seven or eight justices voting his way so these issues will likely never be seen again because the appellate courts follow these precedents. Birth control funding is settled as well, although there may be some religious freedom questions, especially around funding religous schools (which I favor).
""""Just last month, Indonesia publicly caned two gay men caught having sex. And homosexuality is still a crime in more than 70 countries."""  That is a terrible thing to happen to a human being.  It is still a crime in 70 other countries which Canada has no control over.  We have a Charter of Rights, the Criminal Code of Canada and other laws to protect ALL Canadians from hate crimes, Criminal Acts  etc.... So lets move on.
That response is regrettably short-sighted, as you didn't factor in the dire cost to our armed forces of trying to implement and integrate transgender policies and like-social experiments, and what that has done to already hurt the operational readiness of our armed forces. . Those suffering from the mental illness of sexual identity disorder need to seek help and treatment.  That burden should not and will not be shouldered by our armed forces.
Imagine using the adjective "toxic" in front on any other cultural group.  You wouldn't get away with it!  Toxic Islam; Toxic Jews; Toxic Christians; Toxic Homosexuals;  Toxic Feminists; Toxic Chinese... and on and on.  I suggest that there is no good reason that you should get away with saying Toxic Masculinity!  It's as inappropriate as all of those other categories listed above!
You assume that mist lesbian or gay male couples yearn for recognition and blessing by the leadership of this sect. Those I know, me and mine included, do not.
One response that a gay couple I know who faced the same response from a couple of family members, was to invite the entire family to their own home for select holidays and events.  After the first year of doing so, almost the entire family attended every time and it became a "new" tradition.  How blessed was their perseverance of love.
Jesus never said one thing about gays or abortions.  He was all about compassion and helping the sick and poor.  All the holidays surround this guy Christmas, Easter (palm sunday, lent)  The religion is called "CHRISTianity"  But these people cling to the old testament which was before Jesus was around.  Makes sense.
I generally agree. Let me add some thoughts about the prohibition against those (men) who "present deep-seated homosexual tendencies [here, "D-SHT" -- or when not yet "deep-seated," "HT"]." "Present" here must mean to "demonstrate" or to "express" -- but to whom? If a man enters a seminary early enough, he might not understand his feelings sufficiently (esp. if he's had no sexual contact with anyone at all). He might not have presented "HT" even to himself.  The document skips over whether the "presenting" is to another person, as opposed to just himself. Some might go all through to ordination, and only then, slowly, reach the conclusion that they might or probably have DSHT, still without any sexual contact in his life.  Temptations come to all of us, incl priests. What extra torture comes to priests who don't know if they have DSHT, and who have no one to discuss it with!
I could not stomach all of Calland's article. Homophobic nationalists, really! Ghastly, racist national party - which got 13 % of the vote in the last election. His views are not balanced.... he is biased.... !  Calland wasn't just a Labour activist, he was part of the Blair structure... in effect a Blair babe!
Ever see the episode of West Wing where President Bartlett tears into the fundy about Leviticus (it was actually quoting another piece).  If you want to claim homosexuality is so bad but neglect tatooing, pork and shellfish than you are using the Bible for your own prejudice.  Natural law is by reason.  Scripture is authority, but the authority of past actors.  It can guide but is not determinative, especially if it is not revelation but instead its own analysis of natural law.  If the Church ignores new evidence than it is the Church that is bringing about its own suffering (or rather, the hierarchy - most of the faithful agree with my points more and more each day).
This article helped me feel more hopeful about the church. As we now know that gays and lesbians "are created" that way, they should be allowed all of the blessings straights can receive, including marriage and children.
I'm surprised that you hold up Eastern Orthodoxy (EO) for an example; half of my family is EO, and I have EO priests and a bishop on that side of my family, and they all tell me that homosexuality is severely condemned in EO and that women can never be ordained priests.   So, you want us to use them as a model?  OK, I'll go along!
Oh, and the most revealing thing: homophobic personal attack on MSW.  utilitas m.o.!
Aspen7, don't prevaricate. The onus is not on people who are bothered by dangerous dogma (that has indisputably caused centuries of misery for many)  to entertain irrelevant doctrinal niceties or theological musings. The onus is on Catholics to justify the still very official Vatican dogma that casts women as lesser beings and LGBTQ as sinners. And to justify the ongoing oppression against both classes. Period. Layla4's remark has everything to do with what the article spoils against, homophobia. Layla4 simply points out that the basis for Catholic persecution of LGBTQ is a bunch of made up stuff. If LGBTQ weren't suffering, she wouldn't have had to say it. Please deal.
I agree. I think the caveat in the research was that the evidence for GLB adults is less definitive than for LGBT youth--for youth, it's quite stunning. Also, there have been a number of studies that show depression lessens when the person lives in a demographically "accepting" area, and is exacerbated by living in a situation where LGBT people are rejected or regarded as morally suspect. (Kind of a "duh" moment, there, I know.)
Well,  those who would not listen to gays, would fire them from their jobs and refuse them basic rights are in the wrong and are acting in bad faith.
You seem to be saying something along the line of "boys will be boys", and that not all women are offended by Trump's actions.  And to make it worse, you throw out the red herrings of transgender bathrooms and people's personal liberty as if that personally has an effect on your life. Then you throw out a bare straw man argument about Bill Clinton and infidelity.   Mr. Trump is on his 3rd marriage, of which he proudly admits he cheated on his now wives and with other mistresses.  He makes tasteless sexual remarks about his own daughters.  He shows no respect to the women in his life that he should show ultimate respect to.  Mrs. Clinton made her decision regarding her marriage infidelity and for whatever reason chose to keep her marriage intact.  The Clinton's raised a daughter who is a college graduate and a successful working woman.    These are not insignificant issues when comparing a person's integrity and emotional ability to lead this nation.
Yes, it is the real issue in my eyes so no need to be disconcerted. I was challenging your assertion that someone in the future could be naked and lathering themselves with soap in a restaurant bathroom, and that this would be deemed acceptable if the person was transgendered. I think that would not happen, and my example was a way to demonstrate why--it would not even be acceptable for a woman in a woman's bathroom to do so.  So, do you think it would be acceptable for a woman to proposition someone for sex, strip down and lather themselves in soap? Or do you think it is unacceptable, but it will be acceptable for a transgendered man to do so? I'm curious which of these scenarios you believe, because it seems to me one of them has to be true for your first sentence to make any sense.
Sorry, I'd have to disagree. The fact that you have some science background (electronics, physics) doesn't make you an expert in biology.  The actual intersex/disorders in sexual anatomy group is a miniscule number of individuals. Very few of those claiming transgender status have this condition.  Most of them just like the idea of BEING a member of the other gender, rather than accepting their biological self. Not happening - their DNA clearly identifies them as a particular gender, NOT what they WANT to be.
CivilSociety:  Thank you. Linear thinking is the bane of the left  who speak in contradictions  but  think they are being logical.  Trump stated during the election he wanted more affordable HIV drugs to save LGBT lives, and is still condemned as a hate filled homophobe. Ought they not support such an effort?
It gets confusing, because Southern Baptists are "conservative."  Looking at the issue some more, it looks like the Southern Baptists and Imago Dei have very similar doctrines, except that the Southern Baptists don't drink, dance or smoke.  Having said that, Imago Dei is a conservative fundy church with the usual doctrines- patriarchy, anti-gay.
Nobody is foisting gay marriage upon the states. It is to give the gay people the same rights that straight people have. What have you got against that? A majority of Americans are in support of that now. Nobody is forcing you to be gay. If you are against it on religious grounds, that is fine but the government on all levels are not permitted to favor a religion over anything else.  Do you also oppose equality for women, blacks, the disabled, etc.? Same thing.
Hillary , ABC 2010 I have not supported same sex marriage ,2011 I support marriage for lesbian and gays, January I supported building a fence or wall, July 2016 we will not build a wall,  September 2015 i am a moderate ,February 2016 I am a progressive ,April 2008 I will do every thing i can to urge  Congress to reject the Colombian Free Trade Act, July 2011 My top goal is to complete the Colombian free trade act, CBS 2016 I support a national federal minimum wage of $11.00 ABC 2016 I have been supporting the $15.00 minimum wage ,
You claim you have gay friends, then call it a "lifestyle"?   Huh.
The police are right in withdrawing.  "gay"  rights are widely recognized now.  Pride parades are passe.  Let the paraders pick up costs associated with the parades
How nice of Wohlforth and the Dispatch----they allow us to comment on this story , but to heck with what we think concerning his gay issue story .  Wohlforth and the Dispatch are against and ban free speech when matters dear to their heart are written about.
Lela, I agree with Meeshka007. Best post on the thread. We'll NEVER got past 'racial profiling' as long as we mention race within any discussion. The more times I hear 'African-American' (or gay, or male, or fill-in-the-blank) the more times I wonder why my grandparents weren't duly recognized as 'German-Americans,' or why I don't get recognized for being 'German-English-Irish-French-American). But then I realize that they were AMERICANS first, once they committed to coming here and taking part in our melting pot; and I am the results of the melting that took place in the pot. As soon as ANY ONE segment of the population is singled-out for recognition - ALL others are denigrated to one degree or another. We will NEVER be ONE until we stop this latent recognition of what we - you and me, our generation - didn't have any part it. At this rate we'll be repatriating cavemen (and women) and recognizing them distinctly. But I digress. Thanks, David, for trying to get it right.
As an Evangelical Christian, I can answer that question. Why would I want to spend my money in a shop that doesn't want my business?  - Let's say I walk into a Jewish Bakery, a Gay Bakery, a Muslim Bakery, and a Buddhist Bakery because I didn't know they were Jewish, Gay, Muslim, or Buddhist.....and I ask them to decorate a Christian Wedding Cake with "crosses" and "May Jesus Bless Our Marriage" written on it......and they decline because doing so goes against their religious beliefs or same-sex values. - Sure, I might be sad. But wouldn't I just find another bakery that (1) wants my business (2) will gladly create the "edible art work" I want? Of course I would.  - "Turn the other cheek," "do unto others as you want them to do unto you," and "pray for others" does not suing others in court and mean making a federal case out of someone else's beliefs.  - The simplest thing to do is to.....go elsewhere. No big deal.
Mike, I'm wondering what you mean by not telling them about it.   Do gay people have a right to tell others they are gay in the same ways straight people "tell" others they are straight - by not living secretly and in shame? Do you realize straight people "tell" others they are straight by referring to their girlfriend, boyfriend, wife and husband by identifying them as such? Do you realize straight people "tell" others they are straight every time they put a photo of their love one on their desk or on a shelf?  What you seem to be asking is not that a person who identifies as gay not tell others about it, rather what you want is for us to live in secrecy and shame. I think it is important you be honest with yourself and others about that.  John David
Obama and Trudeau think transgender washrooms are YUGE important matters of state
Who said this was about Islam?  Who is saying that multiculturalism means we must accept the intolerance that may exist in other cultures?  What I find ironic is how some won't hesitate to point out issues with "diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights" in fundamentalist Islam, yet ignore similar instances in historically Western religions.
JJ: You are so very, very right.  Over the years how many gay men and women have been unable to deal with the rejection and condemnation from those they love...parents, grandparents, et al and taken their own lives? My answer:......far, far too many.  regards, Gary Crum
I said in several comments that transgenders suffer from “gender dysphoria,” which is classified as a mental disorder by the American Psychiatric Association.  People with gender dysphoria generally suffer from stress, anxiety and depression, which are disqualifiers for military service and which result in active duty personnel being discharged as unfit.  I opposed bringing into the military a class of individuals with mental disorders and then providing them taxpayer-funded sex reassignment surgery and mental health care.  I have modified my position slightly.  I think transgenders should be allowed to join the military if they can convince military psychiatrists that they are not suffering from or have a history of stress, anxiety or depression or other mental disorders.   That sets the bar high, making it difficult or impossible for most transgenders to join, but it would be fair because the mental standards would apply to everyone.
In other words, you have NOT read any of Martin's books. You certainly jave not read the one he wrote about gays. Or else your ability to read would shame a sixth grader.
Trump’s tweets followed a fight in Congress over federal funding of gender transition surgeries. Earlier this month, the Republican-led House rejected a proposal to end the Obama-era practice of requiring the Pentagon to pay such costs. . It cost the United States approximately $8.4 million for Transgender surgeries. . It cost the United States $44 million dollars for Viagra and $21 million dollars for Cialis for those serving our nation.  . Trump: "I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens". Except those 1600 to 7000 troops who are currently enlisted or those who want to enlist and fight for our country.  Trump who demands loyalty, loyalty is so important he proclaimed May 1 as Loyalty Day. Then he stabs those loyal LGBTQ troops in the back. For Trump loyalty goes one way.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9bpBFMC-NE  Trump will wave the LGBTQ flag to get a vote, as long as it serves his purpose. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1nJ5JwLdU4
Rabbis have said Sodom and Gomorrah was about inhospitality. It was only later uptight Christian theologians who said it was about homosexuality. You're forgetting Abraham offered up his daughter if the men of the town left the strangers alone. So, why was that okay?
A very nice essay by Todd Simmons, making lemonade from lemons.  A group of little kids were murdered in their classrooms in an elementary school.  A group of soldiers were murdered by a fellow soldier on their military base.  A group of African-Americans were murdered as they engaged in Bible study in their church.  A group of nightclub revelers were murdered in Paris, and another group in a gay nightclub in Orlando.  Other mass killings in recent years.  Todd is pointing out that gays can be the victims just like everyone else; and public sympathy for the victims is the same regardless whether the victims are gay or straight.  The lemons are that groups of people are being murdered.  Gays are victims on the same basis as everyone else, and all the victims are given outpourings of sympathy on an equal basis.  That's progress.  Equality.  A hurricane sinks all boats just as a rising tide lifts all boats, regardless what color they are painted or what flag they are flying.
Your_attitude_of_"them"_is_hardly_Catholic._There_are_various_kinds_of_freedom,_as_your_posts_on_homosexuality+seem_to+indicate.
The article makes a good argument that church teachings on sex are not just an LGBT issue but also do not meet the needs of the straight community as well.
Whether there is a spike because of Trump, I  have no idea, nor do I  care. This is just a list of teens who have taken thier lives over transgender issues.  It is disconcerting that ANY child commits suicide and more so when the number is significantly disproportionately high for a small group. The saddest is that many of these kids are bullied by their piers, sometimes even their own parents, and their communities in general to the point they feel there is no hope and their life is worthless.   So again .. how many transgender people have you taken the time to know personally? Or is your knowledge of transgender people just what you read in the "christian" media? Or do you just support suicide in general?
Bonobos?  Wow, haven't heard that one in a long time.  John, we're rationally thinking beings; we have the reason to control our behavior and urges.  I'm sure humans used to do the same thing (many gay men still do) as Bonobos.  Moms and dads are important, but if you think we should live like a primitive tribe and just have sex with one another and let the women raise the children as a group, that's a whole other topic.  I would bet that the people of Sodom thought Lot was living under a rock.
After 46, most women are essentially infertile and allowed to marry. Men are always fertile and use surrogate mothers. The natural order is sophistry created because God cannot be harmed by sin, so something artificial had to be aside from individuals. No one is harmed by gay sex unless the men are cheating on their wives on the down low. Complementarity is likewise a fantasy. It is celibate poetry that proves not a thing, except that we need to ordain women and married men (gay and straight).
I agree with the sentiments expressed in most of the comments. Most immigrants to the west immigrate because of better economic opportunities, higher standard of living, taxpayer funded social benefits and freedom from oppression. Yet Muslim communities seem ignorant to the fact that what underpin all of these benefits is the Western liberal tradition. Muslim communities seem to shun this liberal tradition and wish for its stifling, sharia based view of the world to enjoy recognition if not dominance. I acknowledge that my statements are generalised and subjective, but it is unfortunately the impression created by the treatment of women and the constant hateful bile directed at Jewish people and Gay people by the bulk of the Muslim community. I continue to find it puzzling that "progressives" like the author continue to support the Muslim cause, while most Muslims reject social progressive views on issues like the rights of women and the LGBT community, secularism and the death penalty
No disagreement, Sessions statement is within the scope of federal law.  But states can have their own more restrictive laws on this subject.  Here is where we (or at least I) get stuck).  Times change (like with gun technology?).  In 1964 everyone knew Liberace was gay, but you just didn't talk about it.  Rock Hudson was gay and never said a word.  No need to worry about discrimination when those who would suffer from it were willing to keep their personal preferences in the closet.  Welp, different world.  Gays are encouraged by many to be open about it but that exposes them to discrimination.  So no, I don't agree that a law from 50 years ago is adequate for the job today.
The Scouts are dying for many reasons.  I took my son to a Cub Scout meeting when he was of age - can't remember how old now - and but as part of the process, I learned that he would have to pledge a religious oath. I was a Cub Scout back in the day and don't recall doing that. As an atheist I felt uncomfortable having my son make a pledge that my family could not get behind - so no Cub Scouts for him.  It's not the "gay agenda" that killed the Scouts. It's changing times.
We’d have to negotiate Bill.  That may be your definition but that may not fit with others definition of liberal.  Well, I’m sure it doesn’t.    Was Madeline Albright a closet commie?  Joe Biden? How do gay liberals do in Russia or other authoritarian countries. How are women’s social power in Russia or China? Comparing liberalism to communism is close to ‘flat earth’ theory.      If I thought liberalism had anything to do with communism I wouldn’t give it value, which I do.
You wrote:  <<The one study, much ballyhooed some years ago that purported to demonstrate a genetic link to homosexuality was proven to be entirely fraudulent.>>  Link?  "Homoeroticism" isn't homosexuality. You can't even find the playing field.
Paprocki is more concerned about being orthodox than about being a shepherd.  His concepts of shepherding consists of throwing rocks of ignorance at wandering sheep and beating them off with threats of excommunication.  He's a hireling, not a shepherd.  All his orthodoxy displays is the biased ignorance of a hierarchy too lazy to study the research concerning homosexuality, transgender, etc. that is easy enough to acquire to read.  All Paprocki will do is anger and drive away more people.
No, I just pointed out that you are doing what you always do, supporting a conservative bishop. You probably pretend this is an attack because I point out that the bishop in question is acting in a unchristian manner, and that your support of his homophobia is shameful -- but then, you supported Burke's homophobia just as enthusiastically.  I notice that YOU do not address the fact that Paprocki is being homophobic.
They've always had the same rights as the rest of us.  But it is really the progressive agenda and the gays are being used to accomplish it.  You've heard of it I'm sure, the rally cry is, "Fundamentally change America."
Ya think, it's the largest Lesbian RCC in country, world?
My dad is 91 year old wwII vet-Abercrombie is right! He was right on GAY MARRIAGE and he was right on PENSIONS. WE have a HUGE pension shortfall. I met a guy who draws a $400,000 out of state pension and pays ZERO in Hawaii income tax. Abercrombie offered an exemption that would not have touched teachers pensions  for example but IGE distorted the issue and now he's pushing PAINFUL AWFUL, REGRESSIVE TAXES.
Of course it included "transgendered and gay violence" - by which I assume you mean the violence  inflicted by men upon men who don't conform to masculine stereotypes. You know - the same violence that men inflict upon women on an hourly basis.
I don't know if you noticed , but in Sundays Dispatch sports section they even pushed gay lifestyles there too.  Showing a picture of a rugby player posing at the gay parade. Like the gay parade had anything to do with sports .  The Dispatch has become the free paper the Press .
We are at the beginning of the '60s (the film was shot in 1959 with commercial release in 1960) and homosexuality is still repressed "criminal" from ALL countries (except in France where 'sodomy' (homosexuality nowadays) was decriminalized during the Revolution of 1789).   During the pre-production of the film, a SUPER eccentric “RomaQueen” (yes?) will trigger a monster scandal to him alone in Rome (and Paf! All over Italy also) by publishing “a collection of addresses in Rome for (gay) «insider»”...And Fellini "graps" him and put him in his film And it is “that” Fellini went to titillate his contemporaries (it was not intended for the scenario).  Whenever the 'RomaQueen” (say) appeared on the screen (in Italy), it was one of H-U-G-E protest hissing and insults to fashion!  And yet the "gay character" which is only a "background role" filigree passed completely unnoticed of Fellini’s (masterful) political gesture to America USA
a beautiful story.  and a beautiful couple. that is what marriage is about, not canon law and the rantings of celibate cardinals who have never experienced it.   I have seem the same love and care in many marriages between gays and lesbians.    but of course they aren't "real" marriages.
If the KKK asked this guy to bake an anti-black cake and he refused .....how many people would support his refusal? If someone asked this guy to bake to bake a cake that was derogatory of Jews, gays, Muslims, or Christians.....and he refused.....how many people would defend his right to do so? ========== Maybe.....everyone who doesn't support him now?
The language itself is severely limited, not in  the least because the hierarchy's knowledge of homosexuality is itself self-limited.  That said, the hierarchy has a whale of a lot of catching-up to do on contemporary findings from the fields of science, medicine, and the law, among others.
It should not, but it should be careful in what it calls sin.  No one is rejecting the concept of sin.  Assaulting people because they are gay is always sinful, mortally so.
TWU wants to provide law degrees.   Someone with a law degree cannot practise law without meeeting the requirements of a provincial law society. The law societies all require non-discrimination among a lawyer's clients. So the religious preferences of the lawyer are not relevant to how the lawyer treats clients. So the religious preferences of the lawyer's law school are not relevant to the right to practise.  The ban on sex outside marriage at TWU will affect far more straight students than gay ones. It is an orientation-neutral barrier to sex, unless students are so desperate to (a) have sex and (b) comply with the school's policy, that they get married in order to do both. VERY few students will go to such lengths at that stage in their life.   It is funny to see Clara Brett Martin mentioned in this context. She was the first woman lawyer but a rabid anti-semite - to the extent that her name was taken off an Ontario government building. An irrelevance that looks like a gaffe here.
Sure whatever but please tell me you have enough insight into yourself to see that you as well are a bigot, and have tolerance issues?  Can we admit that at least?   Of course a couple of the ones running for the conservative leadership are also against homosexuals, I wonder what your thoughts are there?      oh btw Islam means, Submission or Surrender (to God), my guess is you did not know that.....
JenW doesn't believe that Evangelical churches mobilized against gay rights.  Hilarious.
Oh, would that Catholics kept their opinions to themselves, personal, and left women and LGBTQ alone over the centuries rather than persecute them. A call to love as a response...is some kind of imposition not to be born?      omg
Were all of those prominent people you listed pro-choice ? And would they all be supportive of same-sex marriage? I don't know that myself, but my bet is that some of them were fiercely opposed to that mindset. And the NDP's current wave of young supporters and activists doesn't "fit" your list.
GBA: I respond to your "trolling" posts with "DO NOT FEED THE TROLLS " and will continue to do so.  However, you ask a reasonable question.  May I answer it.  One of the fundamental bases of "liberalism" as I view it is the concept of "community", the concern for others, including those you've not met and likely never will.  It involves empathy.... " the action of understanding, being aware of, being sensitive to, and vicariously experiencing the feelings, thoughts, and experience of another" (from the M.W. Dictionary).  I don't have to be directly and personally harmed to oppose harm which is being done to others.  Some, among them, you, use disparaging terms to characterize such "liberal" thought and resultant action.  I'm not gay, but I really care that gays have protection and equal rights.  I'm not Black, but I strongly oppose racism. I'm not a woman, but I support the ERA.  I'm not transgender, but I feel others should not discriminate against them.  (cont.)
"Gay" or "homosexual" are used as descriptors, not as a discrete "identity". The phobic reaction to the words "gay" or "homosexual" is comical, to say the least.
It seems to me, Elagabalus, that your comparator, slavery, is somewhat different than you state it. Surely, at the same time as the law was changing, the Biblical exegesis was also changing. The religious foundation for the discrimination evaporated in tandem with the evaporation of separate by equal legal arguments. Theologians were arguing against the exegesis just as vigorously as legislators were arguing against legal racism.   Unfortunately, re gay marriage, the theologians are lagging behind the legislators, and it is this sad fact that renders on-going gay discrimination in the name of religious conscience not exactly the same thing.   Those of us who reject the religious arguments against gay marriage must be very careful, it seems to me, that we do not end up arguing that the law need not take religious conscience into account. As long formal religion continues to reject gay marriage, there is, it seems to me, very sadly, a need to respect bigoted but honest consciences. Sad!!
No, rights considerations.  The state had no rational interest in denying gays the right to marriage (which is a right, not a privilege since Loving v. Virginia).  There can be restrictions that meet a purpose, but there was no societal purpose found on gay marriage.  They analyzed fecundity in the Court and found it wanting - or at least badly argued - which is what happens when you let a true believer argue the case - they cannot handle hostile questions with poise.  If you want to be embarrassed for your cause, just read the transcripts from Perry v. Schwarzenegger.  He gave it your best shot and you would have argued no differently and the result was not pretty.  As to gay parents.  Originally, if anything happened to me and my wife, my brother and his husband were to be the guardians.  Now that we have divorced, my wife's sister will be.  She used to have a wife, but she died.
One of mine bounced as well. I guess the LGBTQ Mafia is watching closely.
Many have made this analogy. And the persecution of gays reaches a vastly greater number of people. You may know that gays were also Holocaust victims (there are monuments to them in Berlin) and that many gays were burnt at the stake worldwide by the Holy Inquisition.
The reality of transgender folks, particularly transgender youth, is very different than your perception.  Consider this mother's open letter to the MN legislature considering a similar bill:  https://medium.com/@MNFosterMom/it-s-about-more-than-just-bathrooms-it-s-about-my-son-8d61081d7eec#.nc2o0j5c4  It seems that the alleged fear is about straight, but warped, men in drag stalking women in bathrooms.  I read of no worries about straight, but warped women in drag stalking men in bathrooms.  Perhaps we should focus on the real problem, then: men's behavior, particularly towards women and people who do not conform to gender expression expectations.  That's a much tougher problem and one with remedies that many might not like.
Here is David Grisham's FB page in case you want to friend him or get some insight into whatever it is that he claims to be. My favorite part was this: "Preaching the Gospel today at Alaska gay pride in Anchorage. Very contentious. The homosexuals broke our cross and assaulted both Tracy and I." The homosexuals. Were all the homosexuals wearing name tags identifying themselves as such? Does he even realize that many, many straight people show up to these community events too? https://www.facebook.com/david.grisham.58?fref=ts&ref=br_tf&qsefr=1
Right, we should live the faith that preaches sexism, homophobia, drivel about contraception and conservative politics. That's the way to attract people.
The letter writer Mr. Stacy should know that the baker could legally refuse to bake a swastika cake for a neo-Nazi because neo_nazis are not a protected class under Colorado law. Gays are. That is the crux of the case so all attempts to make an analogy to klansmen or neo-nazis or any other than the classes specifically named in the law as protected from discrimination are necessarily faulty.
There is an obvious reason, but Globe censors have their phobic screens jacked up to eliminate  comments about the obvious.    If Trudeau was pitching for the Catholic vote, he might downplay his view on abortion or birth control.  Instead, he's pitching a particular voting bloc with a low tolerance for LBGT life.
"A Rand Corp. study commissioned by the Pentagon last year estimated there were about 2,450 transgender people serving on active duty. It concluded that allowing transgender troops to serve openly would cost $2.4 million to $8.4 million in additional health care costs annually, a tiny fraction of the Pentagon’s $6 billion health care budget."  I'm confident that the Pentagon spends $8.4 million a year on things like windshield-wiper fluid for its vehicles.  Folks, this is clearly just a case of Trump cruelly playing to his chest-thumping tough-guy base.  It has nothing to do with readiness or excessive cost.
What about the portions of their ideology that still remain dangerous, i.e. their stance regarding women and gays?
Reason , logic and self control are not famous as being used by humanity  all that often  !  Everyone is wounded to one degree or another .   While anybody labors to see through the beam lodged in her / his eye to operate on that splinter in another's eye  we are all in deep yogurt.    The question is am I a user of my fellow human beings ?  Or caring and thoughtful of all who enter my life ?   And isn't it wonderful that so many same sex couples marry and honor their commitment while heterosexual ones seem so cavalier about their promises ?
First thing Im no liberal I simply happen to think that if someone is going to hold a strong opinion on something that they should be fairly well versed on the topic. Second, your freedom of speech ends where someone else's right to personal safety starts. You should start by educating yourself on the nature of Gender Dysphoria the medically diagnosable condition,  http://www.apa.org/topics/lgbt/transgender.aspx  Under the law repeated miss gendering of a trans person is sexual harassment, http://transgenderlawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/TitleVII-Report-Final012414.pdf  As far as treatment protocols go for transgender people I leave that to the experts not internet know-it-alls who clearly haven't done their research, heres a link to the experts who say that the best effective treatment for Gender Dysphoria is medically assisted transition,  http://www.wpath.org/site_page.cfm?pk_association_webpage_menu=1351
They will blame Trump for this. just as he was  blamed for Orland by LGBT communities  across America .
Sorry, pete, but other than defending the gay agenda, you have posted nothing to prove you care about gays more than I do.  I treat both gay men at work like everybody else.  One of the gay men at work is my second favorite person to hold a serious conversation with.  (He'd be my favorite if he liked baseball.)  I won't apologize for having gay friends and I won't apologize for not liking their lifestyle.  My opposition to what happened to Masterpiece Bakery is only about the progressive agenda, which you want to succeed.  Progressives are using gays and blacks and anyone they can to fundamentally change America and I totally object to that happening.
Flipping it around, I'm just curious as to why the orientation of the counselor should align with the orientation of the couple and why this is actually supposed to result in greater insight. It seems to me, looking at the straight and same-sex couples I know, that their relationship problems (when they have them) are eerily identical. Even some, though not all, of the sexual issues are similar. I find that the problem would be more likely located in the celibacy and duplicity of the priest and the "control" the Church exerts over the gender roles of men and women, not the therapeutic pairing of a straight couple with a gay counselor.  Many counselors outside the Church see both sets of couples, with great success. There are also psychologists and psychiatrists who write about other-oriented people with insight and empathy. Andrew Solomon is one (gay, teaches psychiatry at Cornell, wrote "Far from the Tree").
Not much choice, nor need there be.  Your assumption that the conduct is evil is the flaw in your argument.  Forcing a gay man to be hetero or asexual is like trying to force an asexual into a sexual relationship.  It is a violation.  When they tried it with Aquinas, he chased the woman out of his room.
The majority of Oregon voters were not in favor of gay marriage.   What happened to 'States Rights' there?   Gun rights are changing by State,  too.  I'm sure you will support these "States' Rights".  The new term is "Constitutional Carry".  "At least 11 states have passed laws allowing the concealed carry of guns without a permit, and 16 states have introduced legislation this year to do the same, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures and the National Rifle Association."   "Legislation is pending in states including Kentucky — where gun rights advocates expect it to pass — Texas, Colorado and Indiana."
The father actively supports the Taliban and has made many statements about gays that supports what his son did and what many muslim nations do to gays. So you have no problem with an open supporter of terrorism and death and discrimination of gays as an obvious Hillary supporter? Interesting.
I've never understood the attack on Jews. I work with Jews, I have Jewish neighbors...dated a Jew many years ago. To me, it's like picking on the Lutherans for no reason at all.   But here we are, white supremacists all emboldened and worked up by Trump, putting their ignorance out into the light for all to see. This is the time when the rest of us, Jewish, Muslim, Christians, gay, black, brown, etc., all come together to fight this disease and push it back into the shadows.
LGBTQ- People that either prefer same sex partners, or identify with a gender that they were not born with.  LGBQ- Engage in consensual relationships.  Not hurting anyone. T- Identify with the gender not consistent with their birth; not hurting anyone.  NAMBLA- Advocates for criminal behavior; not consensual relationships.  Learn the difference.
You are confused, like many who put liberal policy before truth, mammon before the work of God.  Though by coming to a more accurate review of paragraph 10 than Jaime does, you come closer to realizing the intent of that paragraph.  The author of the paragraph clearly wants to convey that the liberal agenda of the gay rights movement and liberal proponents thereof, by the very act of what they advocate, risk fomenting violence.  Acts, legislation, etc that corrupt the truth (in this case advancing false claims to rights that betray nature itself), lead to violence against truth.  As an aside, yes, its so happens that those who idolize and propose false truths, frequently underestimate the scope of damage they do to their enemies (defenders of truth) and by the very of act of supporting that which is false, to themselves.
I think that's right, Elizabeth. However, in the meantime the Commander-in-Chief has treated with contempt the more than 15,000 transgendered persons already serving and also caused them needless anxiety about their future in the service. This from a coward who has always regarded the military with contempt -- who described military school as the equivalent of military service, who described his efforts to avoid venereal disease while living a sexually promiscuous lifestyle as his "personal Vietnam", who described himself in that effort as a "great and very brave soldier."  What a shame it is that the brave women and men of our armed serve under such a contemptible and contemptuous Commander-in-Chief. Trump's out-of-the-blue assault on transgendered soldiers is politically motivated; he surprised the Pentagon; didn't consult them; didn't wait for the results of the ongoing study. In a filthy presidency, this is extraordinarily filthy.
People who are transgendered, not transgenders.   Wow, 100% against the idea--no wiggle room there.   WHO is about to drop transgenderism as a mental disorder. Their latest codebook will be out in 2018 and the change will probably come then. Being transgendered is no mental illness. Formerly it was believed the condition caused distress and dysfunction but this is not intrinsic. The distress comes from social rejection, very similar to what happens to LGBT people.
Even in the abstract use of science, must form some artificial synthesis which must induce the same factors for birthing a new child’s life under the same conditions of the natural biological condition of the two sexes. And that is exactly why the Church says it is “un-natural” an orientation of what the LGBT Community employs in contrast to the course in the sexual biological distinctions between to the two sexes, which cannot be witnessed and encountered a relationship between people of the same sex. Hence, why LGBT must contend with, as they ever were, a sexual orientation. That is simply what the Church will not espouse in her. Primarily because that opposes a fruitful relationship between a man and woman – hence, children to be born and exist.....
Well said!  For once it would be nice to have a gay muslim, in this case the author of this column, stand up and say I am tired of my religion persecuting gays.  BLM is a non-entity, but at least they are not throwing gays of buildings.  Spend your time exposing the homophobia that makes it ok in Islam to throw gay men off of buildings.  You should do a column on that, but I bet you won't.
Lana, we are all Natives of the Planet Earth, and there are more Polynesians alive today in the United States than ever before.  So it would seem that you are siding on purely racial grounds.  We are all one people. We need to stop racial divisiveness.  That's a Democrat, divide and conquer trait, here in Hawaii.  Men against women, rich against poor, straight against gay, white(whatever that is) against every other race. It's just silly. There is so much intermarriage here in Hawaii that the 20% figure you cite is hardly accurate anyway.
RD, you raise, as usual, a false dichotomy.  The last SJ rally I was at there were all manner of people: female, male, heterosexual, homosexual, African, Caucasian, Asian, Native American, immigrant, native born, Protestants, Catholics, Orthodox, Jews, Muslims, Nones.  Many of them had infants and toddlers.   They change diapers AND righteously protest injustice.
Homosexuals are NOT pedophiles. The pedophiles in the catholic church are just that: pedophiles. Their sexual orientation doesn't indicate their likelihood to be a pedophile no more than your sexuality does.
There were no transgender inmates demanding hormone treatment until PC liberalism hit the scene.   What a way to get some attention.
The baker agreed in writing by signing a business license application. He went back on his word and broke state law.  The baker does not have the right to discriminate. How is not baking a wedding cake practising religion? It is a business transaction. The baker was not involved in the wedding.  Was a baker involved in your wedding? I have no idea who baked the cake for my wedding. He was not invited to the wedding and did not take part. It was a business transaction. Hate the sin but not the sinner? The baker hates them both.  Don't you think that Jesus knows the baker hates gays in his heart? Don't you think Jesus knows the baker's intentions?   The baker is asking for the right to legally discriminate based on his religion. If he is successful, pretty much anyone can discriminate for any reason. The baker can refuse to bake cakes for black people and say it is because it is against his religion.
'As President Donald Trump takes off on his first foreign trip in office, he's set to go to Saudi Arabia, a nation he's previously condemned for treating women like "slaves" and wanting to "kill gays."  "Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation want women as slaves and to kill gays," Trump wrote in a Facebook post in June 2016 during the presidential campaign. "Hillary must return all money from such countries!" During a presidential debate Trump also said Saudis were “people that push gays off buildings” and “kill women and treat women horribly," according to the Washington Post. He has also claimed the Saudi government had ties to the September 11, 2001 terror attacks.'  FROM TIME MAGAZINE...As Mr. Trump promised, he didn't say any of these things in Saudi Arabia.... Mr. Trump carefully crafted remarks were well controlled.  I wonder if the Saudis have a word for hypocrisy?  Gary Crum
In Germany in the early thirties, many church leaders were initially impressed with Hitler because of his strong condemnation of abortion and homosexuality and his idealized vision of the patriarchal nuclear family.   This is not a new story.
Oh, I fully agree.  What we also need to do is give room for people to make different decisions and choices -as long as no one is hurt.  I think Francis, in his comments about accompanying people where they are and listening - is addressing more than just the lgbt, transgender, gender ideology (whatever that is) issues.  We need this attitude in how we deal with our fellow pew sitters, within our families, and with our neighbors.  I live not too far from that county in Georgia that is just going bananas over the idea that Muslims may build a mosque and have a cemetery.  Most of those who are so up-in-arms don't know a single Muslim, much less those who live in the county and want a place to worship and meet together with those who believe as they do.  Funny, when I was growing up here in Georgia, I was one of the few Catholics, and some parents would not let their kids play with me or my siblings, we were called "papists" by some.  Some things never change  But Pope Francis is trying.
It's kind of hard to leave out the political aspect of this, after all we're talking about a ballot initiative here. Conservatives of your ilk have been suffering a lot of political defeats lately in the culture wars, particularly in the area of LBGTQ rights. First the Supreme Court struck down sodomy laws, then they legalized same-sax marriage. Every year more and more cities adopt anti-discrimination laws. Support for gay rights is at an all time high and growing stronger every year.  Conservatives of your ilk are desperate for a win so they are going after the last easy target, transgendered people, using their favorite tactic of fear. They may succeed in Anchorage, at least in the short term, but in the long run, the arc of the moral universe bends toward justice. Time is NOT on your side.
Wikipedia: Homophobia encompasses a range of negative attitudes and feelings toward homosexuality or people who are identified or perceived as being lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT).[1][2][3] It has been defined as contempt, prejudice, aversion, hatred or antipathy, may be based on irrational fear, and is sometimes related to religious beliefs.[4]  I don't need to meet Trump or McKinley to know they are bigots.  I will say whatever I want about you or him, " my friend"
Excellent - now be consistent, MSW - your words are excellent but you need to reconsider your own abortion statements that border on Paprocki-like anti-gay statements.
Progressives fervently believe that Francis is one of their own—  But this is a man who rejects gay marriage in fear of its potential to destroy the “traditional” family; a man who passionately supports international prohibition on birth control, even in poor and AIDS-ravaged countries; a man who has compared transgender people to nuclear weapons in their ability to wreak havoc on the “natural order of creation”; and a man who, in response to the Charlie Hebdo attack, victim-blamed the dead writers with the suggestion that free speech must end where criticism of religion begins. He is a man who, in the tradition of all popes before him, and through either indifference or intention, continues to incubate the epidemic of pedophilia that so plagues the ranks of his subordinates.
Noelle, good article.  China Town was bigtime, amusement parlors, dance halls, pool rooms, porno shops, gay bath houses, great restaurants, prostitutes, transvestites, sport betting, mahjong, dice and card games and a lot of late night action.  Then.... the military made if off limits to military personnel.  The area has gone hill ever since.  Blame the military.
Not_always,_but_on_contraception_and_homosexuality,_very_much_so.
To be exact: $84.2 million / year for erectile dysfunction vs. $8 million / year for all health care services provided to transgendered service members.
What does that have to do with anything you conspiracy theorist? XD And he's advocating revision. The bill is bad, bad for everyone.   Since this passed I can now take my son to gay conversion therapy, since gender and sexual preference is fluid and in the mind, isn't it? :D
In the case of the march for gay civil marriage, it was those 1138 statutory provisions in which marital status is a factor in determining benefits, rights, and privileges that was THE motivating factor to get people out there to march. Women, especially now with Trump as president, have their own motivating factors to get out there and march in order to make a statement to the world. That being the case, I fully expect their march to succeed every bit as much as the march for gay marriage did.
Your Excellency,  What about the parents, the sons and daughters,  the brothers and sisters, aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces, nephews, the friends, neighbors and the co workers  The funeral mass is not just for the dead but also for comfort of the living!  When you stop having funeral masses for bishops who have reassigned priests to have them re-offend, when you stop burying people who have remarried without an annulment or blessing the bodies of people who live together without the benefits of marriage, then you can get on your high horse.  Also, you don't mention having these gay married people not buried in a Catholic Cemetery.  Oh, thats right you took their money for that.  We all sin one way or another and we all need Gods help in getting to heaven.  Why this particular sin?  What is yours we can added it to the list and keep you from having a funeral mass.  Regards Eugene O'Neill
The Church is not an association like a book-club, quilting society, or even the volunteer fire-fighters in an area.  People who were baptized are members of the Family of God--the Church.  They have been anointed and have an indelible imprint [marking them] as members.  People can leave---but what they are---remains forever.  Many homosexuals have been baptized as infants.  THEY ARE MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH.  It is their spiritual family.    Secondly, what you are holding up as "Catholicism" [and its decrees about sin] are teachings made by very human leaders.  If you look at the Church's history---there were other teachings proclaimed and punishments levied upon people who either spoke against the teachings or acted against them.  In retrospect, many of these "so-called-teachings" were inspired more from the church leaders' political ambitions, monetary desires, or fears of loosing authority----than anything to do with God.
Sodomy isn't exclusive to homosexuals. I can see you've given this a lot of thought.  Mute.
Say goodbye to a quality learning week at Peel schools. Teachers before would introduce material on Mondays and test by Fridays so kids wouldn't forget over the weekends. Now, testing is out on Fridays and masses of kids who may or may not be in classrooms roam the halls.  Do you think Islamic prayer is like Christian prayer? No simply bowing the heads. No, it's carpets to pray on and special bathrooms to wash in. Totally taking over the school bathroom and storage facilities. I really pity the poor kids who is transgender or gay in all of this. Where does a transgender kid even sit in sex segregated areas of a public school?  And do you think only 1 prayer area will suffice? Of course not, Sunnis kill Shias all over the world. They both kill Ahmadiyas. One prayer room will not be enough. They can't pray together.  Thanks, Wynne. You've driven public education into the ground.
I did not talk about what you believed, but what you wrote.  If whites in this country suffered historic and systematic discrimination, then parades celebrating whiteness might be appropriate.  That is not the case, since it is white people who discriminate against those who are not white.  It's true that many have come together to create a whole, but the original 13 states were considered independent states before they came together to form one nation.  States still have rights.  Not recognizing the rights of individuals or groups that form our country, to me, makes little sense.  But, then, I really don't know about which "identity politics" you are talking.   You have a right to your view, but I believe that the Catholic Church is completely wrong in its position re gay people.  I think it's a misuse of Scripture to use it against gays.
The ADN is doing a terrible job of reporting this story and is leaving hateful abusive comments here on "Civil Comments". Other sources have reported on this and answered most of your questions I think. I just want to point out a few things in your comment, the correct term for this condition is Gender Dysphoria not "Gender Dysmorphia", the two words sound similar but are not related in any way. Nattaphon didn't just show up to compete she was fully cleared to participate before she even got to anchorage. As for playing on the team that matches your birth sex the NCAA and International Olympic Committee set the standards for transgender athletes. The basic requirements are that the person has been on HRT for two or more years and that blood serum tests show their hormone levels to be in the correct legal range for competition just like every other participant, there is no requirement for GRS. The only thing out of hand about this situation is the terrible job of reporting taking place.
Yes, I, too, found that very demeaning, ""But women can do many other things better than men," as if all women were alike and it's demeaning to men as well.  No two women are alike; some are nurturing, some are not, while many men are nurturing and then often considered 'effeminate' for that, as if that were a pejorative, even if they're not gay! I truly am tired of these expectations some men have that all women are going to be their 'Mommy', and sacrifice themselves, their career goals, their more aggressive personality traits, (to avoid being called the 'b' word!),  just to please men.  I'm tired of human beings being seen only for their nether regions and not for what's between their ears.
How about teaching about the Real Presence of Jesus in every Holy Sacrifice of the Mass and about seeking Jesus, truly present in the tabernacle or in the monstrance in adoration chapels ... or teaching about the fact that there is a Hell of everlasting fire and the road to it is wide and Our Lady of Fatima said that souls are falling into hell like snowflakes, because they have no one to pray for them. How about teaching the truth about the evil of contraception,abortion, euthanasia and homosexual unions...?...that's sure to get more than a "meh", in fact it's sure to get a rise! Then, teach about the Sacrament of Confession and doing penance... and the truth about Purgatory and the real/actual suffering there, as opposed to the idea that everyone there is just sitting on chairs in some sort of quiet DMV type waiting room?  Teach prayer & the full unadulterated Truth!  All in all, leading a humble, Holy, Sacramental, prayerful life is really the best way to teach the Catholic faith.
"Flouting human rights norms, approximately 73 countries and states worldwide outlaw gay sex, 13 of them with a death penalty, according to a 2016 report titled State-Sponsored Homophobia, authored by researcher Aengus Carroll and published by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association (ILGA)."  And what do most of those countries have in common? Hint: starts with a capital 'I'. It's the big elephant in the room.
It is not about baking a cake, it is being asked to depict or write something on that cake which the baker finds abhorrent and to do so would trouble his conscience. Could a good, Catholic baker not feel he was doing something wrong if he inscribed upon a cake, " Abortion is a woman's right to choose".  This is but one instance. There will be many other such instances, e.g. a homosexual baker asked to decorate a cake with a biblical quote condemning same-sex marriage. Would he not have the right to refuse? If it is so trivial as you suggest, your Supreme Court disagrees with you.
Predictably, NCR omits the nature of this priest' abuse of minors.  Namely, the gender of those raped by this priest.   They were boys, not girls.  NCR wants to make the priest sex abuse scandal "gender neutral."   But it's anything but that -- 80% of rapes by Catholic clerics target boys, and not girls.  Also, it's time to point out that gay priests do not see the world in the same way as straight priests.     http://www.timesofisrael.com/pope-defrocks-pedophile-priest-who-claimed-act-was-an-old-jewish-ritual/  NCR, if you profess to be the foremost Catholic media source for accountability, then it's time you stopped covering up this key element of the clerical sex scandal.
Yes, John's famous for using words like "homophobia" as if they were conjunctions and puncutation marks.   Yes, I should stop responding to Hobson, but I simply use his posts to draw out other points that I think need mentioning, not to engage with him, but he provides me a way to reach others.    I normally take some point he's made, turn it downside up, correct it, but put it in a more positive and correct light, consistent with beauty and practicality of Church teaching.   In this way even his screeds can be rectified to the good.      So thanks for your point, but I've never considered muting John; his errors make my contributions easier to make. New material to work in.
We bring flowers to the dead be they school kids, Blacks at bible study, Parisians, Africans, Muslims in war zones, civil servants in San Bernadino or dancers at a gay club in Orlando. It's about death among LGBT people joining the massacred. We mourn them. But serial mourning is as pathetic as serial Muslim blaming.   Congress, of all places, found a button to push. Gun violence.  John Lewis was there. I saw pictures of my old friend Judy Chu, identified among the least effective members of Congress, sitting on the House floor being ineffective, but bothering a lot of people. The sit-in has stopped for the moment.   Heard Gabbard was there, but don't know why. Ditto Hirono. There's significant opposition to any gun control  legislation for good as well as awful reasons. Let's light a fire under our representatives so we know where they stand. It's a matter of life or death.
Actually, the Ten Commandments say nothing about gays.
Good, and when the church changes its teaching on homosexuality, there will still be some such qualifying clause in that case as well.
For many years, this was said about homosexuality. No "biological basis." I believe the links are still uncertain and subject to debate. Would you then agree that we should remove protections for lesbian/gay youth?   Nevertheless, there is already evidence of a genetic component to gender dysphoria. Here's one link: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023%2FA%3A1019724712983  Here is another: https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn20032-transsexual-differences-caught-on-brain-scan#.VYTuvs_BzRa Here is a third: http://www.journalofpsychiatricresearch.com/article/S0022-3956(10)00325-0/fulltext  Now that I have provided you with some evidence, I think your next step is to refute it. Can you?  The information about transgenderism and about its scientific basis is out there and easy to find. You should look for it and then study the issue carefully before making such pronouncements.
"all the vile qualities by which alt-right has been defined" . Defined by who? You? 46% of voters voted Trump. That's a pretty good proxy for the American population: 46% supported Trump or weren't bothered by him enough to go vote for someone else. If your 40% number (pulled out of thin air) was correct you would be saying that 18.4% (40% of 46%) of the American population, 1-in-5 Americans, think racism, fascism etc. is okey-dokey. I don't buy it. . The Left well knows the power of a name. That's why the Left insists that groups it likes be referred to in the way the group wants but that groups they don't like must be referred to in the way the Left wants. . I notice that the claims about the Alt-Right don't seem to include being anti-gay anymore. That would be kind of difficult considering that Milo Yiannopoulos, one of its most visible proponents, is openly gay. His openly pronounced preference for black partners to whom he is submissive makes the racism charge a little dodgy too.
The most concerning thing about this article to me is what Mr. Gallagher's ideas reveal about academic rigor at Catholic University.  If this is the level of reasoning and writing going on in a doctoral theology program, that is troubling.  But I also think that whatever article he wrote doesn't deserve as much attention as NCR is giving it today. It is a fact of life that language changes and evolves over time, usually in response to new discoveries about the world and human nature.  I am in a book group that is studying the women Doctors of the Church and we sometimes have to step back and investigate how the meaning of words in the documents have changed over the centuries, and how to ascertain the writer's original intent.  Our most amusing example is that for Teresa of Avila, "gay intercourse with friends" meant an encouraging and lively verbal exchange of spiritual ideas with like minded souls.  In today's language it would mean something quite different!
". . . nothing is as dehumanizing as rejecting that act and participating in an imitative, purely self-gratifying act with the same sex."  Since you are not gay, and don't know what it's like to be attracted to and feel love toward a member of the same sex, how would you really know anything about it? And how could you make such an evaluation without talking to those who have experienced long-term same-sex relationships? Do they describe them as dehumanizing? No, they describe them as a source of grace. Do they talk about how the sex amounts to self-gratification? No more than heterosexuals do--if the sex happens to be casual and selfish. The mistake you're making is in thinking that the genitals define the sex. They do not; the human intent and capacity for meaning define the sex people have. The ability to produce children is only one piece of it.
GFNC55: Now that you and Tucker put a light on it, what should be the definition of "tolerance"? Should we allow LGBT their own lives and privacy or cite the bible to condemn their lifestyle? Should we tolerate condemning all Muslims for the crimes of a few? Should we tolerate constitutional dimwits occupying the Malhuer National Wildlife Refuge? Should we tolerate white nationalist hatred? How about Dakota Sioux protest over an oil pipeline?  Its messy. Tolerance is too vague and broad a word. Its a shortcut to claiming what's right and wrong. And who can claim authority over that?
Cite to "the Republicans, Trump being a Republican, who are against gays" please.  New one to me. (Other than Trump being registered Republican of course, lol!)
I think we need to distinguish between the "should" and the "is" of this situation. The church's teaching on homosexuality was formed in response to a time when the word was closely identified with debauchery of all sorts, including bestiality, and not with the stability we associate with same-sex marriage. I don't think that's going to change any time soon, just because we think it should.
When you can show me how something you drop falls up rather than down, I will be happy to have a conversation about the reality of natural law.  Until then ....  That most other Americans - Christian, Jewish, and Muslim - believe homosexual behavior is immoral behavior is a demonstrable fact. The majority of Americans say to you and those who share opinion on "it makes it difficult to raise children who are morally straight" and "it weakens the family as the cornerstone of society", "So what?"  At the end of the day every law, including the Constitution, is a matter for a majority decision.  Sufficient arrogance can lead to a practical demonstration of that reality, as the last election did.
All form of hate need to be eliminated racism, homophobia, Islamophobia, Anti-Semitism, discrimination against Transgenders. We must get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight Trump and this racist Quebec law!
Agreed but you're wasting your breath. Those with eyes to see will see and those without won't. The left has a form of Stockholm syndrome when it comes to Islam and Muslims. They will mock, belittle, and bash Christians all the day long yet rush to the defense of Islam faster than you can say Allahu Akbar. They claim to care about women's rights, education for girls, as well as free speech, and gay rights but they see no irony in defending the biggest abusers worldwide of each. Oh and the most prolific slave traders to this day are Islamic. It may be because they think that Islam is a "race" rather than a religion and the worst sin to this group is any words even out of context that may make them seem racist. Or maybe it's because the radical Islamists hate liberal (in the true sense) western culture and civilization and so does the left only for different reasons? Enemy of their enemies type of thing perhaps.
OK, Trid, I bite. If the Vatican rejected the gentleman whom France had proposed because he was gay, why should people not point out that this particular lady was "openly adulterous" and ought not be considered a good candidate?  Why is what is found to be good for the goose not be good for the gander?
LOL, I actually followed you links thinking maybe you provided something from an actual medical or athletic source but nope, I find Joe Rogan and some internet random posting to youtube. Do you generally take your medical advice from uneducated random strangers on the internet or do you talk to you doctor? Here is a link to a page with information from dozens of athletic organizations and their medical bodies made up of hundreds of actual doctors and sports physiologists. They say that transgender athletes who are on HRT for a sufficient period of time retain no undue advantage due to muscle mass or density, red blood cell count, or lung capacity etc.  http://www.transathlete.com/#!policies-by-organization/c1vyj  Who am I supposed to trust on this one, Joe Rogan and internet strangers or doctors?
As a transgender woman, I want to thank you for your discernment and respect for the lives of people who are already facing extremely high levels of abuse and discrimination at the hands of people who are far too intellectually lay to be arsed to attempt to learn the facts concerning transgender issues.
I wonder if Ms. Kinworthy would find it "educated and reasonable" for the ASAA to adopt the NCAA's policy regarding transgender athletes participation?
It's the "what's in it for me" culture that elected Obama twice and almost elected Hillary.  The Democratic Party has been the party of Santa Claus.   (And the party of abortion, gay marriage, illegal immigration, illegal executive orders, and Obamacare.) People got fed up.  It's as simple as that.  They weren't asking "What's in it for me"?  They were insisting that Democrats stop reaching into our pockets for money to buy toys so that they can stay in power.  Go ahead.  Dispute it.  You'll just prolong the time you're out of power.
There is no question that favorable discussions about "homosexuality" that ignore the sodomite acts that are part and parcel of the label, lead to impressionable youth to adopt a more "homosexual" perception of themselves.  In other words, when "homosexuality" is deemed to be normal and moral, more people CHOOSE it:  https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/08/16/half-young-not-heterosexual/  So the question we should be discussing is not about the acceptance of individuals who have same-sex attraction, the question is what will be the ramifications to our culture and society as a result of having more people engaging in homosexual sodomy?
I have read many of your blogs and what disqualifies you from playing any meaningful part in this discussion is that you are advocating your own personal opinion which in most cases rejects and denies the teaching of the Catholic Church. Your attempt to differentiate between Scriptural Law and Natural Law falls flat; both are of divine origin.  By all means promote your views but don't do so as if they are Catholic views. People commit suicide for a variety of reasons. Those Catholics who use contraception do not seem to be killing themselves because the Church says that contraception is disordered, why should we believe that homosexuals kill themselves because the Church says such practices are disordered? Blaming the Church for propagating the Moral Law is tantamount to saying that the Church should not pronounce on any moral isssue in case someone gets upset.
He basically ignores "Courage", since all gays know it is for self-hating gays who deny their sexuality. They habe no interest in it, so neither does he. He is interested in realistic solutions.
The Vatican police just arrested a gay sex ring within the Vatican.   There's your proof.
The juvenileness of many of the comments about Trudeau engaging with the gay community are very telling and a good indication that the Conservatives will be out of power for a long time to come if they don't grow up.
Just because attitudes "evolve" doesn't in and of itself mean that such change is either positive or negative. I believe in equal rights for all, and just as importantly; special privileges for no one. What could be more fair, tolerant and non-discriminatory than that?  I hire and fire people, interact, engage and do business with people of all races, religious backgrounds and yes those whose sexuality is different from mine. The key to success is to not focus on our differences, let alone celebrate them. To celebrate serves only to prolong the perceived victimization. I have neighbours and I don't know their sexual orientation. I don't want to know and I don't care. If they want to borrow my wheel barrow or hedge trimmer, they are welcome. If they want me to watch their house when they go away, I will. But if they decide to share and celebrate their sexuality regardless if they are gay or straight, I will avoid them. I simply do not want to know. What could be more reasonable?
Of course it's Trump's fault. Elections have consequences and Trump won!  I think George was referring to all those anecdotal accounts of people being spit on, or cursed, or told to go back where they came from, or.... you get the idea. No verification just more of the nonsense from the left.   "Bigot in Chief," wonderful title for the man, the New York Times has called the most gay friendly republican to seek the presidency. Trump is no conservative. He is an old-style New York liberal (which means he is not a socialist). He has long standing good relationships with the gay community. But the left does not let facts get in the way of their smear campaigns.
Thank you, THANK YOU. I love every part of this, and am so tired of hearing that we should accommodate intolerant or oppressive ideologies above our collective Canadian human rights and laws. We want diversity, to quote Churchill, where 'the rights of your fist end where the rights of my nose begin'. We do NOT want to be hearing that we will just excuse this and that violation in this or that circumstance because religion/culture/etc deserves our indulgence. No. We do not want to suddenly hear excuses for FGM or that honour killings need special sentencing consideration or M103 'Thou must not critique religion' motions. No. Womens rights, gay rights, freedom of speech, public security, child protections, these CANNOT be watered down 'just for a few' because of beliefs- they MUST be unwavering, they are the face of Canada herself.
How can they tell if someone is gaming the system by proclaiming they are homosexual?
Outstanding, VV.  This is worth repeating: "We now know something objectively true about humans that we didn’t know before: that there is a regularly occurring, non-pathological minority variant in the human condition, independent of culture, habitat, religion, education, or customs, which we currently call “being gay”.  I wish we had a "bold" option to highlight this statement even more.
Not sure why the disagreement?  But this in essence is a very true comment .  I look forward to them providing a LGBTQ float for their BLM members for their summer festival parade  celebrating all things great and wonderful in their Caribbean culture.
Wow. Okay.  Um, to pretend Christians, whether "Evangelical" - or your ideological/theological predecessors over the past millennium - are not directly responsible for anti-LGBTQ social attitudes, shows a remarkable lack of education and self awareness  Imago Dei is a member church of Conservative Baptists Northwest (cbnw.org). Here is their official statement on the SCOTUS legalization of same-sex marriage. It includes phrases like "We are grieved" ... and "[w]e are called to mourn ... over the sin of our country ..."  I will not and would never vote for a member of a Church which considers my marriage to the man I've loved and shared my life with for 18 years as a cause of grief and mourning.  http://www.cbnw.org/about/identity/docs/CBA-Statement-on-Supreme-Court-Ruling-on-Same-Sex-Marriage.pdf
The IOC would not sanction an event as some claim if a man transgendered to a woman and was given an unfair advantage. Example would be a male shot putter who could throw the 16 pound Olympic shot 60 feet. A very long throw but not close to being competitive in the Olympics. The next day he becomes a she and now can throw the 8 pound women's shot in the Olympics. She will likely set the world's record. Does ring fair to anyone? Of course not and the IOC nor the NCAA would not allow it. Local school districts can make their own rules but international rules would prohibit.
The book may be wonderful but the link is an anti-gay screed by Randy Engel, self-described "expert in homosexuality" and not a review of the book you are describing, though she appropriated both the cover art and part of the title. Sylvester, you may not have looked carefully at this link . . .
Apparently they don't know what it means.  Even the authors of this article say it is irrational fear of Muslims.  That would be a literal translation.    But it isn't any more accurate than saying homophobia is the irrational fear of gays.    We all know that imprecise usage has made tacking phobia onto an identifiable group mean hatred rather than fear of that group.  And I have heard more than one alt-righter defend Islamophobia as fear rather than hatred.  While I think M-103 is misguided, I wish people would stop using this construct.  It makes hate sound like a very minor case of mental illness.    So maybe we do need a definition, or at least a more precise term.
Yep. Progress takes time. The "liberals" of yesteryear would look quite conservative and frankly, quite backward, compared to today's norms.    Heck, just about a decade ago it was considered somewhat "normal" to be opposed to gay marriage, even in the Democratic Party.    It was also treated as "normal" to continue the charade of the war on cannabis.    History will not be kind to anyone but the most progressive among us, I'm afraid.
I'll wager that you are a homosexual.  If you are, you should realize, if you know anything about the U.S. Constitution, that a U.S. Supreme Court decision is not LAW.  It is an interpretation of law.  That's what the federal judiciary was intended to do.  Interpret law, not legislate law.  That is exactly what Chief Justice Roy Moore stated and implemented.  A State is only bound to follow and enforce Constitutional law and federal law that is legislated by Congress and signed into law by a standing U.S. President, such as DOMA.  A U.S. Supreme Court decision declaring a State constitution as unconstitutional is only an interpretation of that law.  If Congress accepts that interpretation as proper and then passes a bill that is signed into law making that State constitutional provision illegal, per federal law, then the State has to abide by that law per the Supremacy Clause of Article VI, Section 2.
This advice leads to isolationism-the forerunner of what led to the Great Depression and ultimately World War II. It is also advice for white men of wealth such as yourself who do not depend on the daily survival of a society that is compassionate and sees all of us as "us." We must all stay vigilant, aware and active. More so than ever. Your ability to medicalize contemporary politics as the doldrums requiring an "rx" fix-taking long walks and planting seeds is insulting to many people who work with their hands and are fighting for a working wage to pull their families out of dire poverty, of black lesbians who depend on their healthcare to start and maintain their families, and to immigrants whose children were born in the US but they themselves may or may not get deported tomorrow. Your call for retraction is an irresponsible one. It is an old American tradition to retreat to Walden's Pond instead of relying on civil disobedience to secure the rights of us.
Rise up and put an end to it how? Transgender people have existed in all cultures across history its a part of natural human variation.
Also Blizz, you're obviously choosing to ignore my last post above that states, "I grew up in a very violent background and had a lot of uncivilty in my household to include stabbing and overly aggressive people and I still sing the same tune. Although I believe in gay rights, I also believe in people having the right not to be forced to do things for others."  So, would you like to try another insult? Cause I've heard better ones fired off in my toilet.
Read. She said, "especially" Conservatives. That in no way gives Liberals an out. It just calls it like it is: it is worse on the right. For the last 50 years, all opposition to the progressive initiatives on the feminist and LGBTQ files has come from the traditional, 'old-stock', often religiously motivated politicians on the right wing. How do you think that translates to treatment of women and gays on that side of the fence while the other side brought us what gets called 'political correctness'? Dude.  You know this.
My happiness is irrelevant.  You suggested Pope Francis is an agent of Satan, an outlandish charge you justified with a vacuous appeal to "prophecy."  All to vent your homophobia.
There wasn't much the British government could do about Butts until he actually committed violent acts. He was a fundamentalist (extremist) Muslim, yes, but that's not against the law. There are tens of thousands of fundamentalist Muslims in the UK. You can't follow them all around. A recent poll found half of Muslims in the UK wanted gays imprisoned. There is strong support for Sharia and other extremist elements of Islam. There is probably the same support here in Canada, but no one has dared to ask Canadian Muslims direct questions about such things.
That is "your" (questionable) interpretation of the anti discrimination "law", but it is NOT the prima facie 1st amendment right. A license from a city is only in order for the City to Control sales tax and determine if a business is "legal" (not in violation of state and city health regs, fire regs or engaged in criminal activity). The baker is in business to make cakes and using his artistry. No one FORCES the gays to come into his shop and demand a particular decoration on his cake. A catholic bookstore is not forced to carry atheist books or jewish books or muslim books-why should a baker be forced to decorate any cake for any reason? It is NOT a necessity to have a wedding cake, nor is a wedding cake a necessity of LIFE, HEALTH, nor should/can anyone be forced into a personal services contract. A city or state "business license" does not give government control over the individual owners or their "religious" beliefs or business activities.
It's not just Leviticus, but six clear passages that condemn homosexual activity (not the desire, but the acting upon the desire) and numerous other passages that condemn or strong caution against Christians participating in sexual immorality, the Greek word of which included homosexuality. But it also included adultery, sex outside of marriage, sexual fantasizing, remarriage after breaking a covenant marriage, encouraging the sexual immorality of others.... Modern Christians have way more issues to deal with in our churches than just homosexuality.  We will stand before our Savior in shame at the Bema Seat judgment because we are far too casual in attitudes toward immorality, sexual and otherwise. Jesus told us our faith would cost us something (our businesses, our prestige, even our very lives) that society would hate what we believe and punish us for not going along with their ideas of "morality". Did you think that was metaphor? Welcome to the prophesy.
His issue was he refused to make a custom decorated wedding cake with a pro gay theme. That is his right, being a corp for tax purposes does not enter into the issue of rights. HE was demanded to enter into a personal services contract to personally decorate a cake with a pro gay theme. He refused, but offered to bake the cake and give them the decorating materials so they could get what they wanted. THEY wanted HIM to do it. I consider the suit punitive on the part of the gays because they wanted to force someone to do their bidding. Your non argument fails the smell test as well as the logic and rationality test but fundamentally, fails the Constitutional test.
Evil forces are working to deprive Donald Trump, televangelist Franklin Graham’s and the Republican Taliban’s Savior, of the opportunity to crush the homosexual, climate change, and liberal tax and spend abominators and to transform America into the Christian theocratic paradise envisioned by Graham and the Taliban.    If Trump is to overcome these Satanic forces and bring the Republican Taliban’s vision to fruition, he must act quickly.  First, he must acknowledge that God intervened in the election and is responsible for his miraculous and unexpected victory.  Second, Trump should honor God and thank Him for Trump’s great political victory by making a human burnt offering sacrifice of his eldest daughter just like the human sacrifice Jephthah made of his only daughter in Judges 11:30-39.    Once these steps are taken, it’ll be smooth sailing for the Trumpmeister.  Just one caveat: remember God prefers all human burnt offering sacrifices, like his fried chicken, extra crispy.
I cannot even unpack the above. Gays always had the same rights as the rest of us?   How far back does your calendar go? 2 years?   And if something is broken, how is fundamentally changing it a BAD thing? And I never heard this rallying cry in the first place.
You mention God and that forecloses natural law reason. Trouble is, homosexuality is a natural law subject. The only theological impact is whether God is moralistic Ogre. Most of the people are Straight, but not narrow minded. Injustice to gays in our name as Catholics is no longer acceptable. The real fact is that homosexuality is nature, not choice and love is a right of nature.
Nice article by 3 Lesbiens
"Why would any woman, black or LGBT vote for a Democrat?" Because they want to.  Rethuglican's don't give a rip about them. They haven't for decades and they're not about to start now. You know 4:20, this is what extreme Christians want - "...treat women like dogs, believe homosexuality is punishable by death, and that all “infidels” must convert..." So what do you get when you cross a Christian radical with a Muslim extremist? A radical extremist.
Agnostic and Atheist are A word labels, often used as slurs. Non religious people are one of the last groups that the general population in the USA, and some USA courts, still feel free to disrespect and discriminate against. Homosexuals and Lesbians can adopt, but try adopting or getting custody if you are openly non religious.  I prefer the I, R and S word labels. Irreligious, Rational, Reasonable, Sane, Sensible.  It is unreasonable for someone with a modern education to believe in supernatural beings and powers. That is why every developed country except the USA has a non religious majority.  http://www.people-press.org/2002/12/19/among-wealthy-nations/  https://www.irreligion.org/2011/09/16/half-of-canadians-think-religion-more-harmful-than-good-poll-finds/
I am not aware of any section of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that defines the word sex or a test for inclusion/exclusion in this provision within the context of the Act. Can you point to that section? All individuals identify as having a sexual identity, whether male, female or otherwise, and regardless of transgender status. Therefore, unless an inclusion/exclusion boundary can be identified, the previous administration appears to be correct in assuming that all individuals should be included. The specific inclusion of transgendered individuals was to address discrimination against a class, not to correct a legal exclusion.
It appears that Mr. Norman specifically addressed the slur, "you're such a fag," when used in the spirit of camaraderie, even if that camaraderie is among bullies. You, JadedJade, seem to have ignored the specific context in which the term "fag" was used in Mr. Norman's letter. I'd agree that when aimed at a nerdy, quiet, feminine boy, as well as many other "types," it can be meant as an insult. Question: Why did you use nerdy, quiet, feminine boy at the target for the epithet in your post?
is anyone keeping count?  how many men and women senators so far?  as for the transgendered ones they will be counted with the gender they identify with and we will use the appropriate gender pronoun of their choice ze, zim, zer, zu, xe, zee, sie,  etc.
Best way to test is human subjects. See if anybody gets sick after eating there again. Any volunteers? Paid college students? Prisoners or homeless for guinea pigs liking free food? The restaurant employees? BTW anybody test each and every employee if they might be asymptomatic carriers? Remember Typhoid Mary. Who was the spreader? Immigrant? Gay? Race?
The fear you describe is easily banished - choose to be neither gay or atheist
People are made hetero male, hetero female, gay male, gay female, intersexed and trans.  That is the fact of the matter.  God makes them all and all are entitled to love and sex on their own terms.
I am not a complete bigot against Christians and Christianity. I know plenty that I consider fine people. However, there many I hold in contempt due to their self righteous belief in a book of fairy tales written by primitive tribes(Prove that wrong, I dare you) allows them to treat anyone as less than an equal. A business owner does not have to approve of any of his customers, whether, black, Jewish, homo sexual, Raiders fans, punk rockers, Republicans/Democrats, etc. they merely have to treat all of them equally, and it doesn't matter what their religious beliefs are. You consistently refer to religious beliefs being inalienable rights, which are fine, until they infringe on rights of others. Before the 1st amendment, on July 4, 1776, our founders stated "all men are created equal", and our country strives to hold that right above all, including religious beliefs, and has enacted amendments and constitutionally tested legislation to ensure that.
You may have lost to Trump; but you sure have no clue how it happened.  Here's a tip for all the regressive "progressives" out there...your agenda is not priority for most people.  Children's rights, reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights, disability rights, black lives, indigenous lives,  immigrants, workers and a more inclusive society are not most people's priorities. Not. Even. Close.   That doesn't mean people are against those causes. Personally, I support all of them. However, none of them influence my vote one iota.   Lefties like to talk about entitlement when it comes to older, white men yet are oblivious to the sanctimonious drivel they constantly spew. You don't know better. Your opinion is not right. Everyone else is not wrong.   That sanctimonious attitude is why Trump won. That and the fact your "progressive" candidate was also a proven liar with a lot of negative characteristics. Lefties never see that though. They are too busy being deluded by their own moral superiority.
I actually agree with Milo on this one.  The string of events was too cleverly timed, and too well executed to be random happenstance.  FWIW, I think he was talking from his own (allegedly positive) experience as a 13 year old.  But I digress.  Somebody had this 'leak' in their back pocket and was watching and waiting for the perfect time to strike and silence him. The timing is too perfect.  A gay man can get away with a lot, but pedophilia is a step too far, and they knew it.    So when it broke that Milo was to host CPAC - the most important conservative stump - they struck.  The video 'leaks.'  He gets disinvited from CPAC, then his book deal gets dropped, then he 'resigns' from Breitbart.    This is a case study, not in context, but in what happens to those who dare hold alternate views, voice them, and fight the mainstream.  Learn it well, and remember it next time you contemplate having a different opinion.
The Irish gay marriage campaign was even better.  One to one contact from people who know you is still damn powerful in changing hearts and minds.
I do believe that ejecting LGBT people from the family table is one of the worst sins there can be, and know of a case where it was probably only one spouse's decision but the other spouse (the relative of the person) went along with it to avoid rocking the boat and to defer to the "head of the family." And I can also tell you that the ejected person inevitably ended up severing the relationship and it has remained severed for more than a decade (from my view, there's little to fault in this decision, though it has been widely criticized across the family). The pious busy-bodies don't have any rejoinder here. This is pure tragedy.
The military spend five times as much on Viagra as it does on health care costs for the Trans community.  Money has nothing at all to do with this decision.  It's purely about discrimination.
Roger Goodell is a left-wing pansy who thinks the NFL exists as a social cause.  Note, we are about to enter the NFL's breast cancer awareness month.  I think they may declare that November is Trans-Gender Bisexual LGBTXRQ solidarity month.
Patrick -  We are all capable of, indeed, commanded by Jesus, to love people of both sexes.  So the question is not who one is capable of loving, the question is what should be the deciding factor as to which sex a person should pair with (or multiple partners or none) for (sinfulness aside) the better of our culture and our society?  We are all capable of engaging in sex acts with both sexes, and we are all capable of being attracted to having sex with both sexes, regardless of which sexual attraction our pre-pubescent experiences might predispose us.  HomoSEXual, then, is a self-defined identity: a person who chooses to embrace his/her same-sex sexual attraction (because remember, we must love everyone) as his/her sole use of his/her sex organs with another person.  Being living beings (the definition of life including reproducing), we are anatomically constructed to use our sex organs for one purpose: reproduction.
What a misstatement and logical fallacy! We all discriminate when we choose one brand over another, one car over another, etc. Your position is that "white only"lunch counters are recreated by a baker not wanting to decorate a cake for a gay wedding. Skin color and ethnicity is involuntary, but legislation is not the answer to "bigotry". BTW the anti discrimination laws prevent discrimination based on religion before the added LGBTQI PC language. It is not a crime or nasty discrimination to refuse to decorate a cake for a gay wedding. It is not a right to get whatever you desire, from whoever you choose to provide it. Is not "no shoes, no service" discrimination? There are so many examples of discrimination, not actionable. There are other bakers who would welcome the business, including gay owned bakeries. Why pick on this baker? Let him stand or fall on his own. Wedding cakes are NOT a right or necessary to life.
As POTUS Donald Trump has added many embarrassments to his already huge pile, but the signing of today's executive orders stands out as particularly egregious. Future generations will ask, "what on earth were you thinking electing a man like that who knowingly thumbed his nose at long-established science by rolling back regulatory laws?" I know what I will tell them - "Ask the people who voted for him." But when the earth is boiling over and drought, flood, famine, and extreme weather become more commonplace, how will the people who voted for Trump answer? "It was more important to put conservative judges on the Supreme Court in order to stop abortions and gay marriage?" "Those CEO billionaires really needed that extra cash deregulation afforded them?" "Coal miners really needed to get back to work at one of the most dangerous jobs in the world in order to mine one of the dirtiest forms of energy rather than re-train for clean energy jobs?" As if any of those are satisfactory answers.
Clear Thinker,  Canadian values include freedom of religion and the duty to accommodate it where its reasonable and no great hardship to do so.  That's not only a Canadian value, it's our Constitution.  So many anti-muslim posters here would rather adopt the tolerance levels of Saudi Arabia.  A harsh thing to say, perhaps, but true.  Making this simple accommodation keeps muslim students in the public school system - probably the best place to introduce new Canadians to Canadian values.  By the way, I appreciate your humour in writing "IF Conservatives came out for Gay marriage..."
From the USCCB document,  "2. Do everything possible to continue demonstrating love for your child. However, accepting his or her homosexual orientation does not have to include approving of all related attitudes and behavioral choices. In fact, you may need to challenge certain aspects of a lifestyle that you find objectionable.  3. Urge your son or daughter to stay joined to the Catholic faith community. If they have left the Church, urge them to return and be reconciled to the community, especially through the sacrament of penance.  4. Recommend that your son or daughter find a spiritual director/mentor to offer guidance in prayer and in leading a chaste and virtuous life. This pastoral advice is a recipe for disaster and will alienate any gay person I know. This is not acceptance of the person as God made them. This article, though well-meaning, is far from the reality. Has it ever occurred to the USCCB that most gay people will not "return to the church" out of principle.
I don't know whether the left-handed connection is completely false or not. The left-right polarity had been around for millennia and would be hard to expunge completely. The basis for interpreting Satanism was the concept of inversion, and being left-handed would be a potent sign of this. In addition, it's certainly documented that the Inquisition tortured people, although not as strenuously as the secular courts.   Be that as it may, I do personally believe that being LGBT is about as significant in most social contexts as being left-handed, though its individual meaning is bound to vary from person to person.
And an examination of gay and lesbian domestic violence rates. According to the CDC the safest relationship of all is a gay marriage, wither heterosexual marriage running a close second. The most dangerous relationship by far is a lesbian marriage.
Did George Washington's wife illegally work in the US and then pose in the nude for lesbian magazine pictures? Was George married three times? Did he own casinos?  I guess if money and looks are your defining values, yeah, you may have a point.
Oh, and by the way, A LOT of our favorite actors are gay. They're actors for cryin' out loud...
This not about TSA. It is Homeland Security's Customs Agency that are the arresters in this story. They have immunity from prosecution and can violate your 4th Amendment rights for any stupid immature or illogical reasons all just because they are protecting us from terrorism. And they don't have to explain themselves or apologize. Now we are reading her side of the story. But WHAT is the reason she was detained? Was there something sinister or a "threat" to national security? Did someone send a deaf person thinking no one will screen her? We need to know the details of her arrest and why she was culled from the passenger list. Was she a lesbian, a bomb maker, a sex anime cartoonist, a former terrorist in Japan who poisoned a subway with sarin gas, too ugly or sexy to be a tourist, a Yakuza queen missing her pinkie finger, what, what, what? Did she have tattoos all over her body? She applied to visit Honolulu through the Electronic System for Travel Authorization Visa Waiver Program. W
How many transgender soldiers in their army?
Given the politics involved that comes out from the U/O and City of Eugene on such hot button related matters, even when the cause is note worthy, political correctness will still be an over riding factor as usual.  I'd bet during this  "Awareness" event that not even one person would/will dare to mention the abuses of "Sexual Assault" among  homosexuals who attack other homosexuals.
Mike, Reliable research shows that homosexual men do not molest children at a different rate than heterosexual men.  In other words, there is no link between homosexuality and child molestation.     I'd like to see married men with children ordained as I think anyone with children often understands family dynamics better and genuinely knows what it means to sacrifice for others; this insight can be invaluable in understanding and counseling others.  It's been my experience that celibates often (not always) lack adequate insight into the married state's sexual problems and solutions.  They know all too well what they were taught in the seminary, but there's simply nothing like the insight which life experience provides.
You “called me out” on it?  Don’t be silly.  Your attempting to make a comparison based on flawed logic.  “Because conservatives haven’t organized to ban divorce” is not a legitimate reason to oppose gay marriage.  It’s tanatamiunt to saying that because a portion of the population engage in some behaviors, albeit legal, that are generally bad for society, we should just legalize all bad behaviors because it’s “fair.”  So where does that red herring end up?  And since when is it the baker’s responsibility to ask heterosexual couples if their wedding cakes are for 2nd (or more) marriages?  In the case we’re discussing, the baker didn’t ask if the cake was for a gay wedding, that information was made known by the prospective customers. You’re not calling anyone out.  You’re attempting to make an argument that has no actual merit.
Greenspan caused the housing bubble in the US to the benefit of the financial industry.  The Canadian bubble only benefits the Real Estate industry and Tim Hudak. The government  should have regulated housing with reasonable mortgage rates ,restrictions on foreign ownership, less housing taxation and less red tape. Instead they chose to focus on LGBT washrooms,selfies and a plethora of leftie ideology. Just keep on clicking the like button on Facebook people. You get what you voted for. By the way, why do we need all these foreign students plugging up our universities and stealing our jobs.
Meanwhile, the living corpse continues to chime-in on Catholic issues.  The guy was a traditionalist; not the kind of guy who takes 600 years of life-term Pope elections lightly.  He talked about a homosexual mafia, and Francis spoke of the homosexual mafia.  And now Jim Martin is promoting same-sex marriage and same-sex acts while accepting a Vatican communications post.  You have eyes, but you don't see.
It is amazing that the left has turned a blind eye for so long to BLM, Antifa, and the host of other groups that they cannot even recognize the violence from the left.  The Ferguson riots, Baltimore, the assassination attempt on US Senators, The Dallas police shooting, the riots at Berkley when a Gay man wanted to speak. These are just a list of the violent acts or terror and intimidation. The hundreds of millions of dollars in damages is also well documented.  The acts of violence from the left will never excuse what happened last weekend. It is wrong and has no defense. The left's unwillingness to recognize the problems on their side as well contributes to this cycle of destruction.  The President is correct in calling out the alt - left and those who deny its existence really show their ignorance and unwillingness to try and work toward a common goal.
A previous bishop in San Diego did the same thing--denied a funeral to a gay man. Although eventually the Bishop rescinded the rejection, the family went to the Episcopalians for a funeral.   Of course San Diego was at the time the home of now-Abp Cordileone, that fierce opponent of equal marriage. That wasn't the only one, either.   Little wonder that so many Catholics started worshiping with the Episcopalians, given the viciously anti-gay rhetoric from the Diocese at that time.    Nowadays, San Diego Catholics have Bp Robert McElroy, who is much more interested in building bridges than walls.  Still, I suspect much damage was done, particularly amongst the young.
Privacy? They want to be out of the closet, and now they're complaining they're visible? Behavior is far more an indicator of anything, and many gays seem go out of their way to express themselves, so what's the beef?
9401doug  The members have served on the committee together for 2 years and Harder has a voting record.  She did not support transgender (Bil C16) rights and she was a sponsor of the private members bill "Molly's Law".  If Malcolmson had succeeded in calling for a vote on Harder's status as chair and the person she nominated had refused to be chair, then Harder would be acclaimed into the position.  The Liberals didn't want that.
it's regressive because the author is a regressive feminist. she also misses the mark totally on her solution; "If Canadian fathers can be convinced to take on a greater portion of parental leave, the workplace disadvantages faced by Canadian mothers will be reduced in lockstep. Employers would no longer have a systemic preference for male over female candidates based on the likelihood of them disappearing for a year-and-a-half after childbirth. If both sexes are equally likely to take time off post-pregnancy, there’s no reason to discriminate on any grounds.". She's making the giant, huge assumption that all women who take maternity leave are married or living with the father, which as we know is in itself a very non-feminist attitude and frowned upon by many of their lesbian feminist leaders.. As usual, as with all feminist "solutions" it's short sighted at best. As a wise MAN once said...be careful what you wish for.....
Hard to find the "pro-Trump" side of stories like Charlottesville, Arpaio, Transgender Military Ban, "Fire and Fury", his Wall, golfing trips, leaking classified info to Russia, constant bullying tactics, attacking Allies, etc etc etc.    Point being, the Media is reporting his actions.  And most of his actions are terrible.  Plain for all to see who possess common sense and critical judgement skills.
(i)Pope Francis doesn't belong to "progressives" or "conservatives". Catholic Social Teaching doesn't fit neatly on the left-right spectrum. On Issues like abortion, Birth control and gay marriage it is socially conservative. On issues like poverty, workers rights, capital punishment, war, migrants and refugees, the environment it leans liberal. So the Pope strictly speaking isn't a "progressive" or a "conservative". He's just a follower of Catholic Social Teaching which contradicts both.   (ii)That is a lot of selective quotations and misquotations there. He didn't compare Trans people to nuclear weapons. That's a popular meme on the internet that has not independent verification. He actually is the first Pope to meet Queer and Trans inmates, states Jesus would not marginalize the Trans community, and when a Trans man and his partner where kicked out of their parish in Spain for transitioning, he forced the parish to accept them back.
In fact, what happens--and I have seen it more than once -- is that the infidelity is quietly ignored. No, if it's gays, they can expect to be fired; if it's straights, they probably won't be. That's hypocrisy.
The statistics from the CDC say that sex acts between heterosexual couples are less likely to spread all those diseases GBA listed.  Unless, like our Governor, they are actually bi-sexual.    That increases the risk.
So you equate being transgendered with pedophilia? Do you think transgendered people should be put in jail? Anyone notice any inconsistency here?
Again, how about faiths that degrade women, homosexuals, and non believers? Do they belong in public schools?
I think you're confusing some things. Heterosexuals are protected under EEO laws. A company cannot discriminate because of sexual orientation. That includes heterosexuals, i.e. your boss cannot fire you because you're heterosexual or homosexual. It's all covered. Obama's executive order and Session's 'repeal' is about gender identity and sex. If you truly want "protection for all" you would be encouraging Congress to expand EEO laws to include coverage for the trans-gendered community.
"Do something" about global warming, all nations should have open borders, even to Jihadists: don't have big families like rabbits,  but don't use contraception:  all atheists go to heaven:  "throwing food away" is stealing from the poor: trannies likened to nuclear weapons:    Roma locuta, causa inepta
Justin needs to have serious conversation with the Danish government regarding religious freedom. All forms of hate must be eliminated, Islamophobia, homophobia, Anti-semitism and discrimination against Transgenders.
Hi, Sarasi. Good question. I'm not very familiar with the Anglican Communion's approach, except to note that some are very liberal while others are very conservative. Locally, we have All Saints-Pasadena, where I have found a strident defense of LGBT rights on psychological and sociological grounds.  I wonder if we really have two mutually-exclusive positions that cannot be reconciled: one claiming revelation from God, the other arguing for human rights?
Neither the shooter in Texas nor the shooter in Las Vegas nor the vast majority of other mass killers who have unleashed GUN fire on innocent people in this country in recent years have ever been diagnosed with mental health problems. They were simply white men with anger issues, money issues, issues with women, issues with gay people, race issues, and other non-mental issues who used GUNS, specifically military-style assault weapons, to kill lots of people in extremely short order. To suggest that these mass GUN killings are a matter of mental illness and not GUNS is simply ludicrous. Beyond that it is both evasive and disingenuous to the point of gross negligence. People are dying unnecessarily so that GUN dealers can get richer, and NRA p*ssy-whipped Republicans are to blame, so LOCK THEM UP! No other country on earth has such GUN violence but all countries contain people with mental health issues. That fact is as plain as day and it's well past time that people wake up to it.
Thank you for your comment.  I fully agree.  I just don't think the bishops are the ones to represent Catholicism to politicians since the majority of Catholics are not represented by the bishops on issues such as contraceptives, abortion, gay marriage.  Turning to them gives an illusion that they represent Catholics in the politics of this country - and they certainly do not.  And "dialogue?"  Bishops don't know how!  They absolutely have too little experience in true dialogue.  They don't know how to listen and they are not open to learning - to being changed by what they hear.  They can exhort their already held positions - but are not open to learning a different view.    I don't want them even pretending to represent me, as a Catholic, to the political establishment.
I'm a moderate and don't get caught up in either sides politics, I think they both suck.  But to say that there isn't a fringe element to both sides that are pushing extreme views and agendas is a complete lie and playing victim.  The right has its fanatics to include the supremacists, the anti abortion and even the hard core religions.  The left has Occupy, Black Lives Matters and the homosexual driven groups.  I have seen and viewed black lives matters participate in equally demonstrative and objectionable tactics to include spewing derogatory remarks towards white people, spitting on cops and call them insults and even killing cops.  They have to take responsibility for those actions as the right does for its.  I'm not a big fan of Trump at all but what he says makes sense to me.  These two forces will keep colliding because neither one wants to back off its agenda, the cops will be the ones to take the brunt of it, they have to continue to mediate this nonsense.
First let me make clear that what happened to this family is unacceptable.   You wrote: " There's nothing in this article that suggests that Tayyab Rashid and Afroze Anjum are those rigid people"  ---- There is nothing to suggest they aren't.  From the article " Islam forms the core part of our identity"  The attitude towards gay, role of women, apostates in Islamic faith is well known. Unless Tayyab or Afroze are part of a "reformed" liberal Islamic faith zoeygirl's question are valid.
Which is what I said.  Adultery made the top 10 list, gays, not so much.
There will be pay back.  Yes indeed, even if that pay back is simply withdrawing financial support from Pride.  Without the millions of dollars the white LBGT  community has to spend,  BlM Pride will crash and burn.  The gay boys can  form a new party committee liberated from the  clutches  of BLM, and hold their own events as they have done so many times in the past.
I think Berki is and he has more important things like gay rights things, Columbus day, bathroom issues and other social things that produce nothing.
I honestly don't have a problem with people in public office holding strong religious beliefs, but with this one I'm just a bit confused. If you claim you don't have homophobic or misogynistic beliefs and you grew up without religion (and then found religion), why did you choose the sect that emphasizes misogyny and homophobia SO much?
The phrase "promoter of the 'gay' lifestyle" is the clearest indication of the utter ignorance about, intentional antipathy to and most importantly, denial of Catholic teaching regarding towards Catholics who are LGBT.  The statement "gay lifestyle" makes no sense.  What is the heterosexual lifestyle?  Is there such a thing?  There must be, by definition.  The Catechism is utterly clear - in that it explicitly states - that people who are LGBT do not choose to be LGBT.  Thus, promoting such a lifestyle is actually impossible, since one doesn't choose to be LGBT.  Gay people are also humans, not sexual objects.  No rational person would describe being in a relationship as only "having sex."  Reducing gay people to sexual objects is abjectly against any semblance of pro-life values.
Deistic natural rights are in his realm.  By the way, render under Caesar was about loyalty to Rome v. Israel.  The priests lost the argument because they had the unclean coin that was used to pay the tax on their persons.  The legal question on gays is settled, by the way, on a natural rights (deistic) argument.  The real argument is now whether Catholic families  or gay couples can demand a marital blessing from the Church.  I say yes, because we pay the freight - Church property is ours, not the clergy's.  When the Sense of the Faithful agrees that gays are born that way and are entitled to (indeed already share) sacramental marriage, gay weddings will happen. Some clergy may be forced into eating humble pie, but that has been a long time coming.
We will simply wait for this boob of a bishop to be removed, or retire, or pass away, while we pray for all of the members of the Springfield, IL diocese.  As we have seen throughout modern history, this sort of thought has a very short shelf life in the public realm.  Almost no one will listen anyway.  And the vast majority of gays and lesbians I encounter in my two graduate-level courses (one at a Catholic university) simply plan to have their funeral service done in non-Catholic, Christian churches that are affirming.  Most often mentioned are Episcopal, but more and more are now choosing United Church of Christ.  So you see, the only thing such hate produces is pushing people out and away.  This is not what Christ ever intended or wanted.
I agree the letter's analogy is deeply flawed along the lines described.  The actual fact of the case is this: the baker refused to enter into a contract with the homosexual couple to bake them a wedding cake of their choosing, on a date chosen by them.  Case law on contracts is well established.  Both parties to the contract must be willing participants to the terms the contract contain.  That a person is willing to enter into a contract with some doesn't obligate them to enter into the same contract with all.  The reason for the refusal is immaterial, the person entering into a contract to provide something has the right to refuse to labor for the benefit of others for any reason or no reason at all.  We don't allow, or compel, involuntary labor in this Union after the adoption of the 13th Amendment unless it is punishment upon conviction of a criminal offense.
Lana Ah Lan.  Kinda yes and no. Lewis, King, Hosia Williams and many others, Black, White, Yellow, Brown, Native Americans fought for civil rights in many different ways. Lewis was part of the Ghandi civil disobedience front. Your right to due process, in this instance, would involve Speaker Ryan slapping the hands or butts of the Congressional sitters which I doubt he'll do.   Yes, the American government can be considered a terrorist group for the massacres at Sacramento River, Wounded Knee, in Colorado as Pat Blair pointed out.  Prior to American Independence, the Spanish and British slaughtered many more First Americans. Guns don't just kill Gays.
"He notes that the Gospel message is to love your enemies. So his question is, "Wouldn't it have been the Christian way to have baked a cake for the same sex couple?"  That's a very good point, especially if you happen to subscribe to the belief that all LGTB people are inherent "enemies" of the Christian faith. The whole "no wedding cakes for gay people"  tempest in a teapot willfully ignores the fact that said bakers seem to be blissfully content to be kept in the dark about the varying degrees of sinfulness of all their other clients. Only us gay people are singled out as singularly worthy of having services denied to us (by virtue of our inherent "sinfulness") to which everyone else is entitled by virtue of their heterosexuality, as though that one fact alone  automatically renders them clean, spotless, and ready to receive the holy wedding cake, as though it were a communion host.
In 2016, Inzoli was convicted of sexual violence against five boys between the ages of 12 and 16.   What the article doesn't include is that Cardinal Francesco Coccopalmerio interceded on behalf of Inzoli to the then newly elected Pope Francis. Ignoring the advice of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, Francis made the decision in 2014 to return Inzoli to the priesthood.   Coccopalmerio, President of the Pontifical Council for the Interpretation of Legal Texts, is known to be one of Pope Francis’ closest collaborators and supporters. This same Francesco Coccopalmerio is the Cardinal who recommended to Francis that Monsignor Luigi Capozzi become a bishop. Capozzi was (allegedly) caught recently by Vatican gendarmerie hosting a cocaine-fueled homosexual orgy in the Cardinal's apartment. Coccopalmerio is on record as advocating the Church must “emphasize” the “positive realities” that he believes are present in homosexual relationships.   Join the dots .....
"Abomination" is an approximation of the Hebrew "To'aiva". In fact homosexual relations are twice called a To’aiva.  Usually the Rabbis do not explain the meaning of Torah words. And the meaning of abomination seems reasonably clear - it is abhorrent to God. But in this case, the Talmud does offer a specific explanation. Based on a play on the Hebrew words, the Talmud says that in the act of homosexuality, the person is straying.  The commentaries on the Talmud say that by abandoning heterosexual sexual relations, the person is straying from one of his prime goals in life - to procreate and populate the earth. Although the rabbis did not use the term "natural law", this is precisely what they are describing.  In fact orthodox Judaism and Catholicism see the matter identically.  Attempting to gloss this with supposed reference to the Canaanites to feign some sort of moral basis for the acceptability homosexual behavior is totally Western and 20th century phenomenon. Period.
agape is not opposed to eros (except in the philosophical line up of Nygren, where he is talking about total economies of love, contrasting the Platonic eros philosophy with the Christian agape economy; the topic of that famous book is not eros in the sexual sense). The verb agapeo has been used in sexual contexts in Greek and the word eros has been used for love of Christ in Christian writers such as St Ignatius of Antioch and Origen. Agapeic living out of sexuality is found in the NT in the case of marriage and of chaste friendship, and there is a tolerant outlook on prostitution (in the gospels) and on homosexual relations in at least one case (the Centurion of Matthew 8); Paul also plays with the sexually loaded term khresis in his letter to Philemon.
Eugenics was  implemented in Oregon from 1917 until 1981.  And that included involuntary sterilization of homosexuals, 'wayward teenagers' and in the Oregon Court of Appeals case I mentioned, a girl who was driven 'crazy' by sexual and child abuse.  This is your history.   And yet, you want to grant sainthood to Sanger!
Alaskans know this is ridiculous. Bathrooms are for taking care of (and minding your own) business. What this initiative would do is deny trans people use of public bathrooms. They do not want attention or drama. Any time ANYONE (no matter their gender, race, religion, etc.) assaults you in any way while you are in a public bathroom you should take appropriate legal steps. When such things occur it is very rare that a transgender person is the perpetrator. Look up the statistics. Assaults by transgender people in public bathrooms are almost nonexistent. Assaults on transgender people are not as rare. And this initiative will only cause that horrible stat to rise, though. This initiative doesn't protect our children. It discriminates against and persecutes the most vulnerable among them.
Breitbart isn't so much hard right wing, than it is simply not politically correct. It skewers the many sacred cows of  left liberal media, which covers most topics you can mention.   Taboos topics  like Trans gender pronouns and the standard feminist meme about campus  rape culture  are not so scared anymore. And like most puffed up fantasies, they go *P-O-P*  and evaporate when poked with  barbed wit.
Jealous? Female voters overwhelmingly prefer him. - Maya, you are discriminating against Gay Males this is Pride Parade after all -
Two lesbians running away from their partners????
Equal rights for all citizens and not special rights for a select group of people. What qualifies the LGBT group for augmentation of their appendages at taxpayer expense over and above every other citizen and how does that make the military a more potent fighting force? Trump is absolutely right to ban them from the military. They have no place there. The nation has enough challenges paying for the healthcare costs of brave service men and women that have sacrificed mind and limb fighting for the country; in order that they may resume a semblance of normal life. Transgenderism is an aberration. It has nothing to do with saving of life and limb, return to normalcy or improving the nations fighting force.
Altering one's name is a point of sarcasm, Rhyner.  It's the same as people that love to instill and put down LGBT community members because of their sexual orientation, and then go on ADN and smear their existence.
Clearly there's nothing wrong here.  That's why Justin is either avoiding the issue, denying the issue, releasing false statements about the issue, getting rattled in parliament when asked about the issue and piling on lie after lie about the issue.  Most would call that a ham fisted cover-up attempt, but since Justin has done nothing wrong, this non-cover up attempt has nothing to cover-up for.  Yup.  Now I'm very busy and just don't have any time to talk about this, I'm flying to Moldova to discuss the pressing issue of transgendered women's rights in that country.
Conservatives for the most part mind their own business , they rarely comment on anything because they are tried after they get home from work. They pay their taxes and believe hard work is how you get somewhere in life---not holding your hand out expecting / demanding others carry their share of the load.   I comment on here because I have the time and someone has to speak for the silent majority.  We see the country sinking on many fronts with people like you cheering it on.  Reading comments on here one would be led to believe we are a liberal state as the clear majority sound liberal. Then elections happen and Don Young wins again. SB 21 passes . Special gay rights are voted down.   Only when conservatives stay home and not vote do liberals win.   As for why I'm on here---you need to look in the mirror and ask yourself why you follow me all over the Dispatch attacking my each and every comment . A broken clock is right twice a day--but I never am in your book .  Who's blubbering ?
If you think that homosexuality is mostly persecuted in Muslim countries, you. have. no. idea.
My family is from Kaua`i - my mother is Hawaiian/Chinese. My Hawaiian side has been on Kaua`i forever! My Chinese grandfather came from China to work on the Gay Robinson Plantation. I can remember stories from my kupuna about the Menehune. As a kid I always thought that they were these magical people, like fairies, etc. Later i realized that they were real people that lived on Kaua`i first. They built the Menehune Ditch and the Menehune Fish Pond. My uncles would tell us stories of the Menehune who only came out at night and hid away deep in Waimea Canyon and in Kalalau. They were constantly being hunted and were either enslaved or killed if caught!
Meanwhile Prime Minister Trudeau with nothing better to do leads yet another Gay Pride Parade, this one in Ottawa.  How many does that make? These parade are  obviously his priority, just like the budget that will balance itself, the Country will run itself without him.
Chaput is either practicing *fake news* or being deliberately *misleading*.  Latest CDC:  https://www.stdcheck.com/herpes-2.php  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that 776,000 people in the U.S. are infected annually with HSV-2, but they are not certain how many of these cases are oral herpes or genital herpes.   - More than 80% of people with herpes are undiagnosed.  -Overall prevalence by the time people reach their forties is 26%.  -In the general population, one-fifth of women and 11.5% of men are infected.  Proven data indicates that 20% in a lifetime may carry the Herpes Virus - Chaput is manipulating this and blowing it out of proportion.  Chaput's continued *blindness* about the purpose of sex and homosexuality is actually just embarrassing.
Not making a cake for gays IS discrimination.  If you live in a town with only one baker it doesn't work.  This "you can always go somewhere else" is nonsense. You live in a small town as a teacher and get fired for being the wrong religion is WRONG.
Nah, I won't need one. Her future sex life is none of my business. My business is making sure she has the information to make educated, informed decisions (including about safe sex) and understands that nobody is allowed to touch her without her consent, and she's not allowed to touch anybody without their consent, and teenagers cannot legally give consent to adults. With those bases covered, it's up to her.  Nun or pornstar. Gay, straight, bisexual, pansexual. The whole football team, the whole hockey team or both or nobody ever. It's her call, whatever makes her happy.  But what her dad will do, is be there to pick up the pieces when her heart gets broken and help her if she makes a mistake. That's it. I don't believe anybody should control her body but her, not even me, not even as a teenager. I make no a rules for her I won't follow myself. No parental hypocrisy. And I am NOT giving up sex !   Hey Ivo, yeah, we lefty, equal-rights types sure are authoritarian as parents, eh ?
To mike : Basicly I was trying to say that millenials in general have a more liberal view on on sexual matters.I was not trying to defend nor condemn homosexuals,feminists,or the hookup culture.And of course there are many other reasons the young have less interest in the church.
Let's say I walk into a Jewish Bakery, a Gay Bakery, a Muslim Bakery, and a Buddhist Bakery because I didn't know they were Jewish, Gay, Muslim, or Buddhist.....and I ask them to decorate a Christian Wedding Cake with "crosses" and "May Jesus Bless Our Marriage" written on it......and they decline because doing so goes against their religious beliefs or same-sex values. - Sure, I might be sad. But wouldn't I just find another bakery that (1) wants my business (2) will gladly create the "edible art work" I want? Of course I would.
How about the call to "eradicate as contrary to God's intend" discrimination "based on sex" by, among other things: - accepting homosexual sexual activity as perfectly natural for homosexuals, and thus - supporting gay marriage - accepting the female sex as equally acceptable for ordination as the male sex - accepting the goodness of sex by ordaining married persons
Christopher Reerslev : "Looks like what we have here is a bouquet of deplorables."   Don't talk that way about gays!  ;
You most certainly can ask for a clarification, Dennis, and I am quite pleased to provide one. What the foundation of my comment was all about is that there is, in fact, no window for discussing the ordination of women or gay seminarians and priests.  The chances for it have been eliminated.  +Francis has no intention of having such discussions (prediction: the special commission to examine a female diaconate will produce only a ceremonial type of appointment but never an ordained one for women as deacons).  Gay priests and seminarians (observation:  I think we re getting mostly troubled and mostly gay candidates for the priesthood) are officially banned, no need for discussion, by the pope and the CDF.  What the future holds, I do not know and can only hope and pray for a change in both areas.  The fact that we have gay clerics is of little importance - if any.  The did not joing the priesthood as open and proud gay men, they have been experts at hiding and/or acting out (continued)
Well republicans should be laughed at for abandoning republican values.  But democrats should not be complacent.   The democratic party really needs to get back to when it led the nation.  We were among the first to legalize abortion and sign the Equal rights amendment.  Then we fell to 14 for same sex marriage and we still have not fully legalized marijuana.  Come on Hawaii  show some guts.  Ige, you may not get my vote if a republican candidate comes out for legalizing marijuana and ending the war on drugs.
Maybe you should read about what the Bible has to say about homosexual acts and how small-minded a sin it is.  What other teachings do you find small-minded?  Adultery?  The guy who cheated on his wife and slept with the woman across the street loved his neighbor, alright.
As you know, I support the LGBT cause and object to the notion that gay marriage is a sin.
"...cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs...Again, our President is correct." The military spends more on Viagra than transgender medical costs. The military has spent less on transgender medical costs than the country has spent on Donald's golfing hobby the last seven months. Your President is wrong again.
There are two victims here:   the girl who took 9th place and did not advance to the finals, and Wangyot.  I support transgender rights.   I believe they should be able to use the bathroom of their choice and that people should live their lives as whatever sex they are inclined towards.    However, I do not support them competing against genetic females in high school sports, where one place difference can mean a scholarship to college.   Having XY chromosomes means that transgender girls have more muscle mass and a mechanical advantage over XX females.  What would people have thought if Wangyot had shattered the state records for girls, running times more in keeping with top male athletes?   Should top XX female athletes risk giving up their event places and scholarships to athletically advantaged transgender females?  Will XX girls ultimately be replaced by transgender females in sporting events?  This is a tough problem and there is no solution that will make everyone happy
The difference is I don't claim to be a christian. I don't think you were following...the example about blacks/bus was to point out how bad discrimination is.  Saying the gays can buy remade cakes when the baker makes custom wedding cakes makes no sense
You know, I have seen a lot more stories about U.S. Congressman misbehaving in public bathrooms then transgender people.  Perhaps they should be the subject of such an ordinance.
You all DO know that Flannery's support of female ordination, views on homosexuality, and celibacy are NOT the only reasons he has been directed to be "silent" (which he apparently has NOT been) and suspended from public ministry, right??  An interesting, if rather long article, to consider http://www.bishop-accountability.org/news2013/01_02/2013_01_31_Keane_FrTony.htm  There's a lot more to the story than many here would have us believe.
How about faiths that preach intolerance against women, homosexuals, and non believers?
As it always has been, the issue us the voluntary act, not the involuntary attraction.  "Gay" means same-sex attraction AND the unrepentant acceptance of engaging in sodomy.  So, when you "tell" someone that you're "gay," you are telling them both things.
It's the problem for people who don't read.  Just think for 30 seconds about what you wrote.  Transgender people - following reassignment - don't have the plumbing they were born with.  The NC law, incredibly, forces a biological man to use the bathroom of the gender he was born with.  Not the gender - with the plumbing - he has now.  This is a Republican law to fix a problem that doesn't exist.  Is it really so hard to think?
We are not tolerant of bigots.  We disdain homophobia.  We laugh at those who require female submission.    Jules Bailey will lose this election because he got sucked into going to the same denomination as people who appall us: Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and good old "Kill-all-the-gays-in Uganda" Franklin Graham.  So  no, progressive Portlanders don't hug un-progressive people.  The "Elders" of Imago Dei aren't hip, aren't cool and aren't acceptable.  That's why they are reticent about coming out of the closet as Conservative Baptists.
"... liberals gently neighing as they seek to tax hard working Americans in order to pay for the sex change operations of transgender jihadists ... "   OMG, SD - please don't give them any ideas!!  =:-o
Thing is, those guys do understand the difference.  Seems you don't.  BTW, if you weren't aware of it the IOC dropped sex tests quite a while back.  They're inaccurate.  Even testing for genetic makeup doesn't work - there are XX males and XY females (fact is, a disproportionate percentage of female models are actually XY).  And it's not just those two bodies.  Professional women's tennis, the LPGA, Mixed Martial Arts all allow transgendered individuals to compete - and those are just the ones that come to mind.
Ken, it was inevitable that you would post quite quickly with your tired old homophobic chestnut ... though implicitly rather than explicitly (to avoid censure?)  "[T]he [John Jay] researchers found no statistical evidence that gay priests were more likely than straight priests to abuse minors—a finding that undermines a favorite talking point of many conservative Catholics. The disproportionate number of adolescent male victims was about opportunity, not preference or pathology, the report states." https://www.americamagazine.org/content/all-things/john-jay-report-not-blaming-homosexual-priests
Steve Bannon's editor-in-Chief at Brietbart is a devout Orthodox Jew, their now-ex tech editor is as openly homosexual as they come, and Senator Tim Scott support both Jeff Sessions and Steve Bannon.   . ....which means either Steve Bannon is horrible at being a white supremacist, or he isn't one and you totally believe the fake news from a Leftist media conglomerate telling you to think he's one.
But the real damage of this decision is to the individual right to be free from government establishment of religion. This court has issued the opinion that they know better than the individual what that person's religious beliefs mean to that person by stating categorically that providing their services in no way indicates their support for gay marriage. The court imposes their own beliefs upon Ms. Stutzman in doing so. It is Ms. Stutzman's and other individual's beliefs that are protected, not the court's, and she has very reasonably indicated her beliefs. She has no burden to prove those beliefs reasonable or otherwise, only that they are religiously based, not simply an exercise of bias against gays, which she demonstrated by having served them on other occasions.  Thus the court has established and imposed their beliefs upon her and all people in the state of Washington.  If this is not overturned, the very reason this nation was founded will have been taken from us all.
Cry me a river Shannyin, cry me a river of waste. Somehow I could care less, it was obvious enough when the rampant spending and focus by the special interest groups to waste time, money and resources on things that really didn't need it yet got funded. Bloated school budgets, gay this that and the other thing, bike paths that are mostly empty to nowhere, Medicaid, drug programs, social stuff. In other words, spend the state into the poor house. Now, the belt tightenith and the rivers of tears flows. Perhaps it's a sewer ditch. When then the oil flowed, everyone wanted their pound, when it stops, the fingers do the talking. Apparently rocket science is dead.
Ah, the old "hate the sin, love the sinner" tripe. Because, in actuality, it works out as "hate both". The Church's "help" for gays amounts to "deny your sexuality, live in perpetual celibacy and don't expect to be really accepted".  You don't actually know any gays, do you?
Don't bother I found your video of the Dearborn Michigan bakery.   By the way, I did not support the suit against the Oregon bakery and I would not do so.    Not everything rises to a level of criminal charges, which mostly just makes the conflict worse.    It could have been a teaching opportunity and a chance to build relationships.  I am not a litigious person and have never sued anyone nor did my parents.  Not when another child cost me my eye, not when another person destroyed my knee, not when my brother was hit by a car, not when my wife's cancer was misdiagnosed, her cancer went untreated for a year and she died.   There is the law, there is right and wrong, there is compassion and forgiveness,   They are not the same thing.  I've written about Muslim religious bigotry many times, including the faith based values on the role of women and the despicable treatment of gays.   We don't throw out Christians for those reason, we shouldn't bar immigration for it either.
The church doesn't want to lose a large measure of its clergy. This document is cleverly vague so as to allow all sorts of interpretations. Thus, the church can be against homosexuality without being against homosexuals. It really is quite clever.
"We are not perfect "  Could have fooled me. I didn't think any Canadians knew that.   You set the bar low for just about any subject, often perform well and then judge yourselves against others and always come up superior. What you don't realize or choose to ignore is that the U.S., for example, sets the bar, whatever the topic, much higher than Canadians. What you claim as evidence of your much promoted tolerant, inclusion and welcoming of immigrants only works when all of the factors involved are tightly controlled. As soon as your put to any sort of actual test as most people would think of what you're marketing, it all breaks down and you're no better or worse than anyone else. The Haitians are an example. 30,000 Syrian homosexuals, famalies and orphans brought in in a political stunt of 'Canada is back' is another. Human rights? You've been found to be violating those of your own citizens multiple times. Honest broker and a nation of peace? Look up Saud. Arb. arms. Money talks
I wonder to what extent the continuation of the Church's sexual teachings is based on the fear that there will not be enough Catholics in coming years, and in particular not enough to outnumber Muslims.  It does indeed seem natural to try to restrict sex to activities that are likely to result in more babies if you are overcome with anxiety about the future existence of your group and consider yourself responsible for it.  If that is your underlying motive, you can't really think too much about luxuries like the rights of gay people or women.
Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the West) tolerate another culture's intolerance.  If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity.   And we need to say unambiguously to Muslims living in the West: If you want to live in our societies, to share in their material benefits, then you need to accept that our freedoms are not optional. They are the foundation of our way of life; of our civilization – a civilization that learned, slowly and painfully, not to burn heretics, but to honor them.
More nonsense and name-calling.  You really can't stop, can you?  Just because someone does not accept SSM does not make someone a homophobe.   Tobin has perhaps a different manner of speaking - but as I have quoted to you before:  "If they’re (LGBT) attempting to live a chaste life, then they certainly need the support of the believing community, a chance to pray, and to know that they’re welcomed within the body of Christ.  (question) What makes some people nervous about these initiatives is that the end-game might be going soft on the Church’s moral code. Not your intent?  (answer) No, certainly not. If anybody asks me, I preach what the Church preaches, and teach what the Church teaches, and believe it with great serenity."
Colorado is full of conservatives, it's one of the largest homes of veterans. And you'd be surprised how many are closet conservatives nowadays with liberals attempting to bring fantastical concepts such as "celebrating LGBT Islam" to the forefront of their party's platform...
None of the states proposing these bills can come up with one example of  women getting raped by transgender folks in the bathroom, this whole thing is no different than segregated bathrooms of the past.  There is a long history of hate for the LGBTQ community, it would have been front page news each time this happened, only crickets even from Fox news.
Same-sex "marriage" is not real marriage.  Two men can never start a family.  It's biologically impossible, 100% sterile.  Here are 10 good reasons why same-sex "marriage" is not really marriage. https://www.tfpstudentaction.org/blog/10-reasons-why-homosexual-marriage-is-harmful-and-must-be-opposed  We need to restore our culture and the family.
Just because someone is gay doesn't automatically mean they are a good person, or moral in other ways. I've never had the desire to sleep with men - never. Not even close. I've had enough conversations with my brother to have a good idea where his mind is at.   Maybe he's an alcoholic because his family won't truly accept him and instead, consider him a second-class citizen. Maybe he drinks because he has trouble coming to grips with his sexuality (I've had gay friends that went through that stage of strong denial - and drank a lot).  Maybe he has other issues or maybe he's just not a good person. But I'm sure letting him know you don't like his sexual orientation, calling it a "choice" or otherwise commenting negatively about it doesn't help.   I haven't caused my brother pain - when he said he was gay (at 16) - I told him that I just want him to be happy. That's all that should be said. We both had the same conservative upbringing. It's something you're born with just like hair color
Why would I care what she looked like 20 years ago?  Obviously you must have googled her in the past.  May I ask why?  Do you think you can get a lesbian to fall for you?
I missed your comment.  Sometimes I re-post the comment and it makes it the 2nd time.  Once I did what I just did above and posted it on five different threads and it stayed up.  I got a weasely R-G response when I e-mailed them about that issue and they blamed it on the 'computer'.  Oddly the 'computer' didn't remove the five posts with quoted deleted comment.    Your deleted comment just showed on my e-mail!  At least I believe this is it.  Let's see if it gets deleted from this post as well.    "Your post is very short-sighted and uneducated......trans-gender restrooms has got to be just as important to the council."
I guess technically I think you are gay as well. Unlike you, being called gay doesn't bother me because I am not into men in a sexual way.  See, unlike Kevin, I have not had relationships with both men and women, only the latter. And I admit that it's not like skin color or some other attribute you are born with and cannot change. So why are you afraid that you might like men?
Conversely minority women who WANT a child have been ignored.  Birth control pills are affordable but infertility treatment is NOT and is not covered by many health insurance plans or by Planned Parenthood. In the State of Hawai'i, one IVF cycle is covered for straight couples only! and excludes gay and lesbian couples. ALL women matter.   "The reasons minority women are less likely to access ART include cost, education and cultural beliefs. Several recent studies have shown that African–American women wait much longer before seeking treatment for fertility services." https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3595611/
And what does the mayor, Gregor Robinson, have to say on the matter?  Does he have the courage to stand up to #Blacklivesmatter?  I am guessing that he will not get involved, just like mayor John Tory of Toronto didn't get involved when the same issue arose in Toronto. There, gay police will not be allowed to be march in the Gay Pride Parade, but the police will be providing security at the parade and will be allowed to give their lives to protect the marchers in the event an anti-gay, such as the one last year in Orlando, decides to open fire.
But many don't under any circumstances.  And others only after proof of genital surgery.  1. Should a law only apply to people from states that do make that transition?  That doesn't seem terribly equitable. The ACLU and a dozen other organizations will sue and win. And that will cost $$$$  2. The professional standards of care require that a trans person must live 24/7/365 for at least a year.  During the real-life-test where should trans women pee?
Oh, for God's sake, Ebes, have some common sense and look the man up. This man is a criminal and a con artist. With a name like Stefonknee, what would you expect? Pretty sad comparing responsible transgendered adults, especially those serving in the military, to some clown with a soothie fetish who alienated his entire family before finding a new life as a "6-year-old". No doctor would take this person seriously. No shrink would declare him sane. He's been fired from every job he ever had. The guy is well known in my neck of the woods for being a psycho narcissist. Next time you read a lurid story in the Daily Mail, check another source.
The European court ruled that gays or lesbians persecuted in other countries have the right to asylumn in Europe....the Netherlands just granted asylum to male Homosexual Africans.  Chechnya is much closer to Europe than North America.  Fortunately for Denmark and Belgium, Justin is not their PM.
If you think you get extra benefits by saying you're lesbian, you're wrong. If you think you get special treatment, you're also wrong. If your employer treats you as well or as poorly as it treats every other employee, your sexual orientation doesn't matter. If your employer drops everyone's health insurance, that's not discriminatory. But, if your employer drops your health insurance solely because you tell your employer that and your married spouse are lesbian, that's discrimination. All this couple is asking is that they receive employer-provided health insurance like every other married employee who works for that company gets. It's too bad if that ruffles your skirt.
Is there any such thing as a 'gay trans woman '?  Technically?  Theoretically, for example, a female, once you become your born sex, anatomically, you will be/continue to be attracted to women and not necessarily gay women.
Oppose civil rights for gays? Nope. You are using civil rights as code for marriage. But you still haven't taken a stab at why any couple is better off with a piece of paper in their possession that says "marriage certificate"? Sweden is very progressive. Most young couples there do not care about the piece of paper anymore. Makes a lot of sense.  Alternatively, you are not helping fight for poly-amorous marriage. Why not?
Having the Trump administration side with the baker is all we need to know.  I'm sure the baker is proud to have the support of such-fine "Christians."  Sounds like the kiss of death to me.  Really, it doesn't matter what any of us thinks, including Trump.  The only opinion that matters now is that of the 9 Justices.  But I would like to know why so-many people hate gays, and are happy to see them treated differently than everyone else.  I would think, when one goes into a business that is open to the public, that he accepts he will occasionally have customers he may not like.  The "professionalism" part comes in being able to do one's job even if circumstances aren't optimal.  The "religious freedom" argument is a lemming, as serving those guys wouldn't have affected his "religious" beliefs one bit.
Don’t forget how Dr. Dao’s reputation was negatively affected by this.  Shortly after the story broke, several articles appeared in some, shall we say, ‘sensationalist’ news outlets repeating the story that Dr. Dao was gay, was a drug user, was convicted of trading sex for drugs, was a serial gambler, and had a history of disruptive behavior resulting in him being examined for anger management issues.   (It’s unclear how the various reporters all somehow landed the same news scoop so quickly after he was dragged of the plane…)  http://nypost.com/2017/04/11/doctor-dragged-off-flight-convicted-of-trading-drugs-for-sex/  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/apr/11/david-dao-doctor-dragged-off-united-flight-was-con/   Yes, you bet Dao will sue United Airlines!  UA will be lucky if he merely settles out of court for big bucks.
Black Lives Matter has nothing to do with gay pride. Get your own venue.
Incorrect.  That was a personal choice.  The ASAA allowed individual districts to make transgender decisions because they cowardly didn't want to follow the national standard causing problems for districts who were not comfortable with this injustice toward naturally born female athletes. 8 people were bumped from advancing. A boy was on the podium for a girl's event. Male genitalia was in the 3A race. NOT fairness and equality for naturally born female athletes.
What a sterile argument.  Remember Canon 1083 #3: "sterility neither nullifies nor prohibits marriage."  If sterile straights can get married and have sterile sex then so can loving gay couples. There really is no difference, Ken.
I am sorry there is still racial bias and inequality in our nation, BUT, we have come so far and are moving the needle each and every day. It is NOT something that can be solved in a blink of an eye, but, we are, until lately, moving forward.  I look forward to the day when each and every person, whether man or woman, white or black, Christian or Muslim, gay or straight can each be considered equal. Till then, we need to bring our country together with our flag of freedom and use it to bring our country together and not to be used to divide it. Respect one another-Respect the flag.
It seems pretty popular today to go after anyone who speaks out against the trans lobby, that much is clear. The fact remains, the science surrounding trans issues is far from settles and any government forming policy on incomplete science is being wildly irresponsible.
Colkoch, you're rationalizing lustful acts by renaming them.  When heterosexuals use one another purely for self-gratification (i.e., sodomy) it is also sinful.    It's very common for people to allow their lustful or other pleasurable urges (e.g., drinkers, over-eaters) overcome their sense of reason and common sense.  Homosexuals choose to not engage in the reproductive act; they can, but they choose not to because they prefer something different.  Just because one has the urge to engage in something pleasurable with someone they love does not render the act moral.  Indeed, it is the opposite of sinful.  It's only purpose is self-gratification, an act which draws us away from God.
I was merely pointing out a logical inconsistency. A person is gay if they are attracted to people of the same sex. One cannot choose to be attracted to anyone. Some people, like Kevin Spacey apparently, are predisposed to be attracted to both men and women (best of both worlds I guess). He does not choose to have that predisposition, it's just there. For you to proclaim that all sexuality is a choice because one bisexual person decided to pursue men instead of women is both childish and offensive.
absoluely excellent opinion piece....it takes a new canadian to tell us how fortunate we are with our police in Canada.Not perfect, but not deservving of the mean spirited BLM holding Gay Toronto and Gay Canada and Tolerant Canada  hostage last year and still   Ifs not that BLM do not have a right to their point of view...but its sad i think when a small group of non representative persons who seem pretty fundamentalist and non welcoming to me....somehow think their rights include denying rights and free speech to others...even the police. For shame BLM for presuming you have the right to maltreat others.  I say this as someone many years involved on the board of Gay Pride Vancouver...where all but clear homophobes were made welcome
I wish this wasn't as accurate a comment as I think it is.  It is sad and cowardly.  It doesn't just abandon the LGBT Catholic, it invites the grieving family to lie and be deceptive about the life of the person they loved.
Oh sure Ben, it was just about opportunity, because these priests were on an island where there were no females.  Is it really true that gay people think heterosexual men are attracted to boys?  What a strange idea.
Thank you, Gay, for accepting Tridentinus' challenge. Thoroughly enjoyed your referenced, although I admit I am not certain whether Henry Conway (first article) is to be taken seriously or satirically.   Kurgan, if you stumble, on this, could you give it a read, and provide you masterly opinion on this.
Rather, no one should be allowed into seminary unless they can provide evidence of an Augustinian past, i.e., lots of dating, even lots of dalliances with women.     While this sounds like a radical departure from the old model of requiring our youth to be pure plaster celibate saints, a policy that ferrets out the ss-oriented should begin with requiring positive evidence of heterosexual orientation of all candidates for priesthood.  Beyond that -- priests should be required by the Church to simply admit if they are gay.   If there is nothing wrong with ss orientation, then there should be no problem with such a policy.
How so?  When Nidal Hasan- an Islamic Terrorist-  killed our men and women in uniform at Fort Hood, this President called it "workplace violence."  When another Islamic Terrorist (A registered Democrat and Clinton supporter) killed homosexuals at a Florida nightclub, the word "terrorist" was hardly uttered by him.  The issue is that when you do, in fact, "meet the terrorists," you can't call them what they are, and subsequently can't address them as a problem or proper threat that they are.
Unfortunately, there is a need, without a common set of descriptions, then people will very much misinterpret what is being said.  In this case, the common usage of homophobic refers to basically anyone who either doesn't like, or somehow discriminates against gays.  Much as racist has become the go-to phrase for folks who dislike Muslims, though that one is a bit of a stretch, but it has become a common usage of the term.
This whole major fuss about legalising pot is to pander to those who think it is dangerous, out of control, will lead to the downfall of the country etc etc...in fact those who smoke pot/want to smoke pot have managed to keep it out of the hands of their kids , have not had car accidents will continue to grow their own and this will gradually fade to normalcy like all the other 'racy, abnormal stuff" like gay marriage, pride parades whatever, that a portion of the population just cannot stomach but are not dangerous in the least. Alcohol causes far more damage and death, why not embrace alcohol restrictions under the same regs as pot?
What indeed is an "imperfect communion?"  If we can truly consider ordaining women to the diaconate and 'not judging' our homosexual brothers and sisters, perhaps all the real and imagined obstacles to unit and true inter-communion could be resolved. At least the Anglican and Episcopal clergy, bishops and structures now in place could be recognized as "rites" of a one and unified Church (without brand names?).
My reference to geography was an attempt at light hearted humour obviously you got the wrong end of stick. Also realised I didn't really answer your question when you ended your post saying do I have a point. I don't think you do quite simply a church like Anglican/coe that allows women priests & bishops & turns a blind eye to gay 'priests' is not traditional etc
I really appreciate your response, Bill. Each one of us has a different life experience that colors our perspective of reality.    What you experience as a white man, versus what I experience as a gay white woman, versus what a person of color experiences creates completely different realities that we are all forced to move through.    It can be easy to discount another's experience when we have not ever had to walk in their shoes.    For these reasons I understand why you as a white man may not have total understanding for why the black lives matter movement is so important.  I really wish that you had stuck around and listened to the passionate young people who spoke out against hatred and violence yesterday. I really think you would have found something in their words that you would've identified with.    I wish you were there to hear the trembling words of an elderly African-American man tell us how the N-word was recently spray-painted on his house in South Eugene.
Sex is one of two binary reproductive roles irrespective of choice, lifestyle, or preference.  Condoning transgender use of the gender-specific facility of their choice says that belief trumps facts.  That is immoral and irresponsible.  Please stop regulating morality by redefining biological facts.  Mosaic Law was specifically for the pre-Christ Israel.  The Bible is very clear that Christians are no longer under the Mosaic Law.  However, moral law is the same today as its always been.  In Israel, there was a precedent that children who dishonor their parents could be stoned.  The parents would have to deliver their child up for this punishment.  Deuteronomy 21:20 gives the hypothetical situation of parents complaining their son is a glutton and a drunkard.  They are not talking about a 10 year old child who threw a tantrum.  The purpose of this law was not to stone children who dishonored their parents but to stop children from dishonoring their parents.
If you are implying  that the pope approves of transgender ideology, yes I do have a problem with your comment.
A total unChristian response. And his position of kids of gay couples is deplorable.   The Church has every right to set out rules about the Church and the behavior of priests in their role as minister; however, if a priest has sister who is a lesbian and marries her partner, he will have the book thrown at him for attending the wedding and blessing them as children of Christ.  This Bishop seems to have forgotten we are a New Testament people.
But, but, but Mr Trudeau is so cool and inclusive. Just to prove a point he made a statement about how the Canadian military promotes recruitment of transgender troops. He even made the cover of Rolling Stone.   I am sure someday our fearless leader will get around to condemning the Wahhabi kingdom of Saudi Arabia which do not tolerate gays, women, critics. Maybe he will even impose sanctions on the Kingdom if boss of our branch plant economy allow it.
I hate to predict the future on such things, but unless there is a swift, significant blowback from Rome on this (read: Apostolic visitation, and quick removal [a la Bishop Finn]) all the incremental advance by the church towards its gay members by Francis, Cupich, Tobin, Schoeneborn,  Marx, etc. will be undone...and the mass exodus of gays and our families and friends will resume.
This shows me that Pope Francis does not want to treat women as equals. He also seems to want to keep the priesthood as a haven for the sexual predator clergy, putting more children at risk of being sexually abused/raped, in direct defiance of Jesus' command to protect the innocence of children. The Catholic Church would be more healthy if the leadership were free to marry and raise children of their own, and if women as well as men, both homosexual and heterosexual, were in the leadership. By continuing this division of the sexes, many clergy will continue to fear women, just because they have not had much life experience with them. The pope and bishops are all about control. This is not of Jesus, in my view, and it continues to frustrate the plan of God as stated in Genesis 1:26,27, where it says that God made women and men AT THE SAME TIME AND AS EQUALS IN GOD'S IMAGE. Sincerely,   Dr Rosemary Eileen McHugh, MD, MSpir
Agreed. I am not the one arguing God is not there for homosexuals. Indeed, it is blashemy against the Holy Spirit to suggest otherwise. How you approach the issue shows how the unforgiveability of such blashemy works.
Outsider:  White "pride" is, in fact, a demonstration of white supremacist beliefs, and an expression of racism....that's hardly a secret.  "Gay Pride" is the movement of the LGBT community coming out of the closet and refusing to continue being treated as second-class citizens.  It is NOT against anyone......the white supremacist movement is.  Indeed, there are Americans who refuse to be "controlled" and many of them are liberals.  Liberal thought, by definition, invites and supports the expression of divergent views.  You insist on using  antifa as a bludgeon to attack liberals.  the antifa movement with its tactics of violence and intimidation are NOT representative of liberal thought and action.  I believe in liberal values and welcome the opportunity to debate them with you anytime...open debate and discussion is, itself, central to those values.  Give me a call if you every want that discussion. Gary Crum
This column has been bothering me. Yes, for most Catholics, lay and clerical, the "past battles" mean nothing, or little. However, as with the Trump base, there is a hard-core that is unmoved and unmovable, who use the origins and "protestantization" argument to decry a more merciful, inclusive, principle driven Catholicism in favour of the rote dogmatic authoritarian model. The corollary being: trad cath'ism good; protestant bad.  The other dimension that bothers, is the validity of the Civilta Cattolica premise of "surprising ecumenism" - the putting aside of just about everything Christian, not only "past battles", to coalesce around anti- of gay, abortion, and pro- the furtherance of privilege, tax-exempt accumulation of wealth and political influence.  It almost seems that the "secularization" of remaining church goers and (whether through ignorance or irrelevance) the diminution of theological distinction is humanizing religion. Isn't that where Jesus is - when a few  gather?
I'm not one for engaging in semantics arguments, and frankly I'm not really clear on what lesbians do behind closed doors, but I suppose that things are done with their sex organs that do not involve penetration by a man.  I think most life scientists, such as myself, would get a good laugh out of your comment about "plumbing."  It's like suggesting that a sword swallower's use of his esophagus is of equal value to eating.
live and let live only extends to those who want to force gay marriage down everyone's throat.  we live in a pluralistic society, get over it. people are free to disagree and have their religious freedoms protected.
Whether something is objectively evil depends on evidence, not reasoning from first principles (which is an argument from fantasy). A gay priest, even a celibate one, will understand and act accordingly.
Sex is a biological fact determined by DNA at conception as are skin, hair and eye color, height, etc.  "Gender" isn't even a biological fact, it's a linguistic tool, found in primarily the "romance languages" that are Latin based, and now used by people suffering mental delusional illnesses are using as a claim to be something they are not.   It should never be a basis for any legal action, as it's not based in reality.  Further, allowing it as a legal basis can only come at the expense of actual rights of others, as has been happening with those who claim homosexual delusions.
Gee Whiz Mr. Ibbitson.  Let me clarify some things for you.  1.  Leaving the TPP was a good thing.  These large multilateral trading agreements don't benefit all countries.  Bilateral trade agreements are better.  Just because it was painstakingly negotiated doesn't come into it.  Leaving the TPP is good for the US.  2.  Sorry you don't like it that Mr. Trump gets tired and mispronounces a word.  I am sure he will take this under advisement.  3.  What is wrong with the US saying to other countries, pay your fair share, we are not going to have the US taxpayer bare the burden of your security anymore.    Good luck with getting Junior to do anything.  He will be too busy praising Castro or to busy opening the country to misogynist, gay killers from around the world to care.  Anyway, it is up to you.
Wow, you really are quite prejudiced, to continue to say such false and demeaning things about the LGBT community.   Take a look:  http://tinyurl.com/gup7bkm
Good to see you back.  Since the Church's position is based not only on scripture but natural law, as informed by a historical view of man, it seems unlikely that there will be a bridge unless social scientists and their followers --- which seem to be in the majority --- come to have at least some familiarity with natural law, this as a step toward learning the other's language.  I agree this sounds one-sided, but the fact is that many on the Church side of the question already know fairly well what the social sciences have to say on the question, and why.  Part of what they see is that the APA's decision in 1973 to no longer view homosexuality as a mental disorder was accompanied by much politicking.    cont'd
As a die hard democrat, me and many of my friends believe that we should be able to sleep with as many partners to catch hiv from homosexuality... the burden will just be on republican fools who voted for the orange guy.  We believe we can sit around on the couch while they pay our welfare checks and keep us from being homeless. Plus we can smoke and get high all day cause there is no God and we are democrats. We can litterally get away with anything. Hillary Clinton did by selling secrets and secret intel from the White House, Obama even sold congress seats to the highest bidders. CNN is even in bed with Russia but they blame trump even though we all know that isn't real either.  We can get away with anything as democrats.  Here in Alaska we even own Merkoski even though she wears the name Repub. we have our insider threats and spy's on the Repub side too. There is no such thing as a republic anymore.  Go democrat or get out of our way! Bernie 2020!
As far as the pronoun thing goes, most people won't even bother thinking about it. I won't. I'm pretty much fed up with trans activists. Many of them feel that misgendering someone is violence. I go with - sex, not gender.
“The world is not going to come to an end if we don’t pass this bill,” said Rep. Larry Liston, R-El Paso County. . The party of "No, No, No, No, NO!" is also lazy. "No way are we gonna work overtime!" They're too busy crying about lesbians sleeping together because THAT might lead to the end of the world.
"Work to get gay marriage recognized."  Why would anyone need to do that again? Marriage equality has already been recognized for many years, and that's been encoded into the law for some time now. This was settled  long ago by the good citizens who don't engage in such hatred, intolerance, and/or division for illegitimate fascistic political gain. That is a closed and settled matter. Only the people who reject liberty and equality believe that marriage equality, ending the war on drug users, ending the war on Muslims, or ending the war on culture are somehow now up for renegotiation. They continue to have this predilection to dig up old historical now-settled civil unrest and unleash them anew upon the world like zombie platoons. They refuse to live in the 21st century, they reject liberty and equality, they hate freedom unless it's their freedom to dominate the meek and impose their artless and corrosive Talibanesque feudalistic and artless will to power upon the entire world.
Exactly!  I have never tried to convert anyone to be gay, but sure have had the reverse.  I rember when I was about 20 and tried talking to a younger priest about being gay, not maybe I might be or I had an experience and was questioning....  his only response was to find a nice girl and get married, that would fix everything!   Yeah, right.
and so do many americans believe the same way.   Why NC can't even accept trans bathrooms.  Come on..............
Ah, and here you go, lying again.  He said he wouldn’t make their cake because it was for a gay wedding.  In a letter to the Denver Post he wrote:  “I’ll sell anyone any cake I’ve got,” he wrote. “But I won’t design a cake that promotes something that conflicts with the Bible’s teachings. And that rule applies to far more than cakes celebrating same-sex marriages. I also won’t use my talents to celebrate Halloween, anti-American or anti-family themes, atheism, racism, or indecency.”  That ISN’T denigrating or humiliating them, it’s how he believes he’s taking a principled stand. Compare his case to one involving another Denver-area business, Azucar Bakery, that in 2014 refused to bake cakes with anti-gay messages and imagery, actions that the Colorado Civil Rights Division later ruled as not discriminatory.  I certainly support that bakery’s decision too.  You can’t have your cake and eat it too, Lying John Hobson.  The law must be applied equally.
The Church's teaching against homosexuality and clergy was developed as early as the Council of Elvira (305) and no later than the Council of Toledo (693).
Your argument that motive doesn't matter because terror is terror is just a semantic argument against the misnomer "terrorism" for the phenomenon we are trying to explain.  Maybe the term we use for historical reasons is in fact misleading, in that it focuses the attention of too many people on the result produced, "terror", instead of on its purpose, which is ideological. Maybe we should coin a new term, e.g. "ideologically-based violence", since that is what differentiates what is now formally defined as "terrorism" from simple mass murder for undefined, individual reasons.  Lone wolf ideologically-based violence may be just as impossible to predict and prevent as lone-wolf  individual violence for undefined reasons, but the victims are often different, for one thing, as the chosen targets often depends on the ideology (cartoonists, young concert-goers, gays, Kosher supermarkets or synagogues, etc.).  to be ctnd...
There have been churches that have been forced to accommodate gay weddings because they have opened up their buildings to other faiths. So YES they have something to worry about
We don't get to chose.  Until the Congress alters the terms of legal personhood by expanding it to earlier in the pregnancy, American law leaves the unborn out.  We can find that personal tragic, but it has no effect on the constitutional legitimacy of the finding.  Natural rights, which the nation is based on, do dictate marriage equality.  Natural law does to because gays were created that way.  If that fact, not assumption, is included in the analysis then the natural law solution has to be clear.  I recommend any college level American history or American political thought text or a college level civil liberties course.
I am not even tempted to "Lynch" my uncle, nor any other homosexual, minority or any other human being. Why would you even ask such a strange question, I suppose because you have these thoughts ?
How many rants have we heard or read from bishops against birth control, especially during the debates on Obamacare.  How much money, time and effort,  did the USCCB spend to block gay marriage?  Who needed homilies when it was on the daily news day after day after day.
One could posit they in fact do harm another. If God truly forbids homosexual acts as gravely sinful, then participating in the act with another is sinful for both parties. Since when did harming another become a prerequisite for committing a sinful act?    It appears many of the commenters are practicing homosexuals so I don't expect them to agree with me.
Dear Bozo: A couple of things to be aware of - 1) all of the credible evidence on this subject indicates that pedophiles are overwhelmingly heterosexual males, and 2) the last thing that anyone is doing in the ladies' room is checking to see what "equipment" anyone else is using. Nor are there "equipment" monitors employed in the ladies' room to sort us all out into our various places.   If a transwoman is in the ladies' room, she's there to do what ladies' rooms are for.    If someone is in there to assault women, they aren't exactly going to follow the rules.    Congratulations on falling for this season's big distraction.
on the contrary it's a truism that Mulroney began the investor immigrant program in order to import conservative-minded voters..... and we heard yada yada yada racism yada yada yada about Chinese money affecting house prices and the associated money laundering...that was denied by the Libs and the realtors and one particular Chinese academic out at UBC - but confirmed by the excellent reportage in the South China Morning Post's "Hongcouver" column by Ian Young (who's Chinese as are many of the critics of Big Chinese Money ruining Vancouver for Vancouverites)  ignorance is darkness; and you are ignorant about ethnicity & politics in BC  Chinese social conservatism against gays also was a part of the Burnaby-Deer Lake and Burnaby North campaigns  It's not like Chinese aren't racist or bigots.....but they definitely are more conservative than they are socialist or Green......
I would be so not scandalized if a married gay person got buried in a catholic cemetary...even one with perfect perpetual care like in Milwaukee I think.  I am a little scandalized when babies get thrown into septic systems to be buried.  I am a whole lot scandalized when someone like the cardinal from down under maintains a high position in the vatican despite terrible cruelty to abuse victims; I won't address any charges against him otherwise except to say whatever scrutiny anyone else would be under, and whatever charges result, same should be applied to any clergy.  that is what scandalizes me.
Denial is not just a river in Egypt, my friend. It is entirely self-evident. Trump has not *done* anything to demonstrate any support of the LGBTQ community, while he *has* done something to their detriment. Trump has self-evidently demonstrated, each and every day, that there is a clear disconnect between what he says, and what he does, and even with what he says he does, since he lies about that too. And of course, you know this as well.
Transgenders are being used by Democrats for politial purposes just like they use all other minorities, trying to use Marxist culture shaming techniques, identity politics, to usurp a decision made by the Commander in Chief after many consultations with his military people, with whom he has a far superior relationship and a mutual trust that Obama never had.  The military doesn't even want women in combat roles, much less individuals with sexual identity problems and who demand expensive medical attention, a-la Bradley Manning.  McCain himself seems to have psychological issues which have affected his judgement and cannot be trusted to make good decisions. The bill will be defeated handily.
but but she's Gay and a women  all is forgiven.
See Gary I'm not a revolving door revolutionary, impatient, vote for the other side. I really wish Al Gore had won because he would have been. Step in the right direction. Hillary will be too. Yeah it's a bit frustrating but better than the terror that's the Donald...my god, "throwing a little gas" comment should have gotten home thrown off the island! Politics at it's best is evolution...that said there are Americans who are angry, feel let out by gay marriage, being lead by a black man (my Dad and I often wondered how long it would take to have black QB in the south.) they didn't make very good choices when the economy shifted from union-based manufacturing to the system that the GOP brought of offshoring jobs...it's immoral but not illegal says Mittens. I believe in education not training, I see a future path that includes public transportation, has an answer for global warming/climate change...realizes that we were able to leave the cues because of love and community..WWJD?
Update: My head is spinning. Since Trump changes his mind so frequently I can barely keep up anymore. Since I wrote this half an hour ago, I just read that because of all the commotion his threat to undo Obama's civil protections for gay people caused he apparently decided to keep them intact, for now. But Trump’s decision comes with a big catch: the decision to keep this executive order does not prevent Trump from signing another order that creates religious exemptions for the LGBT protections. Depending on how that other executive order is written, it could allow federal contractors to cite their religious beliefs — for example, religious opposition to same-sex marriage or just LGBT people in general — to fire, refuse to hire, or refuse to promote an LGBT worker. Needless to say, I don't feel any safer now than I did thirty minutes ago.
Is it necessary to label the owners "Asian"?  Asian cuisine fine but why does the race/nationality of the owners have to do with anything?  A lot of the problems we have today comes from media having to label everybody, white cop/black victim, 1st gay this or that, what's next, Red head does X to blue eyed person?
The touching of primary and secondary sexual parts is clearly outside accepted norms.  I don't believe the Kruse story is about that.  A hand on the shoulder is not inherently sexual.  A desire for no physical contact can be communicated.  A woman hyper concerned could even wear a lapel pin saying don't touch me at all.  The primary problem I see is that some, typically women, ascribe every male action to offensive sexuality.  This is unfortunate because touching (non-sexual parts) is actually a normal aspect of humanity.  And yes, I found it offensive when Elliot the gay guy tried to huddle up against me in the way of a proposition.  I let him know very clearly and he never bothered me again.
Rates of suicide and depression among the transgender is far higher than normal.  As a soldier would you really want the person watching your back to be suicidal?
The niqab is representative of a political and cultural belief system that is fundamentally incompatible with Canadian values. The niqab is part and parcel of a regressive fundamentalism that also condones the death penalty for homosexuals as well as "blasphemy", and "apostasy" - the niqab is not independent of this fundamentalism, it is a symbol of it - which is why the niqab is only common in countries where women are treated like second class citizens (without exception). The niqab encourages cultural segregation and sexist ideals of "modesty", increasing the risk of sexual assault against women, as if uncovering their hair warrants sexual advances. Canada treats men and women as equals because we are an advanced country, not because we are "different". You seem to wilfully ignore Europe's experience over the last 15 year, their original politically correct strategy of trying to "accommodate" assertive political Islamism failed conclusively.
Mean comment by a mean person.  Have you ever examined why you feel this way?  What have gay people done that bothers you?  Exist?  Oh, well that's just too bad.
My teenage friend, Ike, was a girl.  Now he's trangendered and is a boy, complete with no female breasts, a bit of shadow on his upper lip and chin, a low voice, and short boy haircut.  WhEn we are out in public together shall I invite him into the ladies bathroom with me?  HAH.        I think the effort here is to scare the xxxx out of any kid or parent of a kid who believes he/she is transgender...to make the world so hostile that they won't even try to resolve their unusual circumstances.  God made us all perfect...but some are only perfect in His eyes.
A college education today is about where a high school education was when my father went to college in the late 40's/ 50's. Your are going to need either a 4 year degree or formal training ( like Mikeroweworks) in real job skills. Sadly many universities have fallen for the faux academic nonesense like womyns studies, black studies, gay studies (aka victim studies) that produce angry, frustrated diploma holders with zero chance of using their degrees. Do not completely dismiss the USA higher education system. Many grads muddle thru and become doctors, engineers, researchers, teachers and other  people providing vital services. Yes some become lawyers and politicans, but dispite their over abundance and self centerness we need a few ( very few, much fewer than we have) of those too.
I agree there should have been more detail but I'm always surprised at the level of hostility provoked at just the idea of "transgender". How about we leave it up to the shrinks to decided what is what. People diagnosed as transgender should no more be open to discrimination and violence that someone diagnosed as having an anxiety disorder. I do however have problems with the whole pronoun issue. How many will we have, and have to learn, and where is it all going. The inventions of new pronouns seems the wrong way to go. Instead we should be moving toward pronouns that do not indicate gender at all and hopefully they would eventually replace "he". "she" etc. And if we are going to have new pronouns about about we don't attempt to re-purpose existing commonly used words like "they" and "their".
attempt suicide or commit suicide?  I think the 43% would be the % of trans people who attempt it.
Your "opinion" is pretty simplistic and not logical and quite uncivil. "your apparent fatwa envy" is not just incomprehensible but ad hominem. I used muslim because of the known "religious" beliefs of muslims that homosexuals must be killed. To date, muslims get to discriminate against anyone not muslim, whether in business or not and never get sued by the state or any gay person. No "regulation" which a state admin reg expanding on the federal "anti-discrimination law"  is, gets to violate and/or supercede the 1st amendment rights of citizens.  Your "opinion" of his business is flawed. Solely owned "corporations" are not "public" and since he is an individual owner, incorporated for tax purposes and not engaged in interstate commerce, "public accommodation" regs do not apply to him, however "against" the law you erroneously believe him to be. The baker acted on his convictions under his 1st amendment rights.
Will never step foot in this establishment! For the owner to talk down about LGBTQ no need for my money to be spent.
You can say that for any group.  Blacks, Hispanics, Jews, Gays, etc.  So they're all the same? No differences and all share similar problems.  Intellectual firepower at its best.
A lone actor in the name of religion targets homosexuals. In response, many target those who profess the same religion of the shooter even as followers disavow and condemn the violence. Reacting to those who show hatred toward the religion, many attack them for their beliefs and calls for an indiscriminate response. This follows with accusations from both sides that the other side is evil, or unpatriotic, or ignorant.  Meanwhile, each side condemns the violence.
I sure hope the exposure that your 'front page' article, about our secret program to help gay Chechens flee to Canada, does not endanger any prospective refugee or their chance to make it to Canada. Bravo to the gov't on this one. Shame on those speaking against this humanitarian effort because your personal priorities haven't been met yet. It's not all about yoyu
"Phillips said he isn't a homophobe, and that he would gladly serve any other baked good to a gay couple -- just not a wedding cake." http://kdvr.com/2012/07/30/denver-cake-shop-refuses-service-to-gay-couple/ other interviews have him saying he told them he'd sell them birthday cakes, cookies, brownies, just not a wedding cake for a same sex wedding. He said they cussed at him, called him a homophobe and stormed out. He also doesn't do Halloween cakes (and a woman in one article was outraged she couldn't get a cake for her Halloween wedding) or sexually  suggestive cakes.   So yeah, apparently he would have done as you suggested, but they didn't wait for that offer, and were angry he wouldn't create a custom cake for their event.
If we truly wish that these gay Chechen live in peace.  Lets send them to Resolute, Nunavut.
The Equal Protection Amendment addresses citizenship rights and equal protection of  the laws, and was proposed in response to issues related to former slaves following  the American Civil War. (Wikipedia). It was amended to include same sex marriages in June 2015. So the supreme court took a constitutional amendment meant to help slaves and their plight to include help for homosexuals.
Clearly, as a gay person I am only too aware of the church's teaching on homosexuality in general and do not require your instruction on such matters. Your mention of tradition was in reference to the Vatican's recent affirmation of the 2005 document which, as I said, was the first to my knowledge which specifically targeted celibate gay men.
Why will you not recognize that the Catholic Church is a large part of the problem?  The Catholic Church in the US has been fomenting division ever since the late 70s.  The Church has continued to do this by firing gays from their jobs and by, essentially, condemning people to hell if they were to vote for Clinton.  The US Catholic Church is, in significant part, responsible for the election of a man who has elevated all sorts of bigotry to an art.  His election has already created an atmosphere in which people feel free to openly harass, intimidate and threaten those whom they consider to be "undesirables", whether it's blacks, or Muslims, or immigrants.  And you suggest that THIS institution be given the role of bringing about peace and unity?????????????????????????
That's what you do....anyone who disagrees with your leftwing narrative is branded a racist, homophobe, yada yada yada.
Dear Mathias, You have misread the dynamics that led to the Pride banning of uniformed police (police are still welcome out of uniform.)  The Pride Parade started as a protest partly against police brutality in the 1980s. LGBT people are safer on the streets now, more accepted,  and not often mistreated by police. That is not true for black people. The police ban is about Pride and its supporters waking up to the reality that minority groups need to share the struggle for equal treatment under the law and by cops on the street.  Solidarity is the goal --- exactly the opposite of "self-absorbed."  You might want to Read Desmond Cole's amazing & eye-opening piece here: http://torontolife.com/city/life/skin-im-ive-interrogated-police-50-times-im-black/
That's true now because a dirty little secret is coming out about male orgasm.  Men can experience orgasm without an erection.  You need to think about this TomZ and how this relates to gay men as well as older couples.
As a survivor of sexual assault that, mercifully, didn't make it all the way to rape, (but was nonetheless horrible and traumatizing), Trump makes me almost physically ill. His words unsettle me to the point of stirring up awful memories and the very idea of having to deal with him in power for even four years is sickening. His victory would be a signal to a lot of very, very bad people that they now have a mandate for their ugly behavior, their bigotry, and misogyny, their homophobia, and Islamophobia. It wouldn't surprise me at all that, if he won, rates of violence against women and minority groups would soar.
... solution: boycott bigot baker ... hetero decision made in support of all Americans, including my LGBTQ brothers n sisters we're all in this TOGETHER.  I'll never set foot in that bakery ever.  Done.
Please tell me How Trump is/will "subvert" the rights of  the LGBTQ community?
I wonder how many would refuse service to a person who identifies as gay but doesn't tell them about it?  There.  Now you can sleep.
I believe the law and the Courts have adjudicated this fine legal line, and it could help us all respect each other's sentiments.  The Courts have found that to bake a cake IS required.  The merchant does NOT have to write on it a statement contrary to her/his beliefs (e.g., "God bless this gay couple.")
Most of today's libertarians are little more than Republicans who don't mind gays or pot too much. The genuine libertarians are a small portion.
BRO said:  "My reaction to this article is that it is an essay in search of meaning. All "analysis" aside, the fact is that the hierarchal Church bans homosexuals from the priesthood. Period. Just as it bans the ordination of women. Period."   While agreeing with the gist of the rest of your comment, I am taken aback by by your opening lines. Surely, you don't really mean that the Church's ban on homosexuals is as firm as its ban on women as priests?   At the level of practice, surely the exact opposite is true. There are no women currently active as priests or being accepted into seminaries, but the number of gay priests is estimated as high as 50%  of the present clergy, and probably is continuing to increase. Even if the reality is lower (say around 35%?) still the proportion of gay priests is way higher that the proportion of gay men in the population.   Since you know this, I presume you mean something different? May I ask for an elaboration?
Nonsense, what gives Canada the mandate to be the savior of all Gay`s world wide.
I would imagine this might be some variation of paraphilic infantilism--but aged up several years. For various reasons, adults who imagine themselves to be babies or children have problems the society can't deal with easily, as the essence of "adult" is at odds with the essence of "child," and one stage is supposed to end and lead to the other. This doesn't seem to be the case with transgendered individuals.
As a gay man I was insulted by BLM reprehensible actions last year, and I am totally opposed to preventing police forces from participating in uniform. I am not going to take lessons in politics from arrogant 20-year-olds who have no idea what people of my generation had to go through to reach the point where we are now. Until this is reversed, you can have your Pride, I don't want it.
Imago Dei is part of the CB Network, which is political.  Here is what Imago Dei thinks but doesn't have the cajones to post:   "Along the busy road you'll find First Conservative Baptist Church. Behind its gates their message board reads:  "Homosexuality is a sin choice. It does not trump my bill of rights."  Marisol Riddell lives in the Mandarin neighborhood where the sign is posted for all to see. Riddell says she's uncomfortable with that message being so close to home.  "It's always too close to home whenever there's bigotry or homophobia," said Riddell. "Because I love all of my neighbors."
Forgive me for being ignorant, I really just don't know -- "transgender woman", that means which way?  I mean ... well, what parts are there.
Repentant active homosexuals are just as welcome as any other repentant sinner. The difficulty the Church has with any unrepentant sinner is in encouraging them to repent without appearing to condone their sin. Our Lord did not condone the sin of the adulteress, knowing her mind He lifted the condemnation of the Law and forgave her, counselling her “to sin no more”. The woman did to not seek to justify her sin of adultery with excuses that she was born an adulteress and couldn’t help herself, etc. He knew her mind that is why He pardoned her. You really will have to abandon this mindset of yours that because the Church regards certain behaviours as intrinsically evil, she hates those who indulge in them. The Lord through His Church holds out His hand to them and bids them, “repent”, they will find that in return, in His mercy and with His divine help, the yoke He has for them will be sweet and the burden light. This applies to all repentant sinners no matter what their sin.
Someone keeps yelling at you, "You hate me, hate me, hate me!!!!", and then throw in made up stuff, some true stuff that predates both your existence and things that totally contradict who you are as a person. You attempt to respond and attempt to offer proof to deaf ears, shouts and tears. If this happens again and again and again, what happens over time? That someone may now be right, I do dislike you (hate is such a strong word and reserved for Brussel sprouts and warm beer) but it is not because of your race, gender, sexual preference or religion, it's because you're a jerk. Problems are solved by civil discourse and it's way to early to jump on the civil disobedience train. I was raised by a father who was very biased, a bias based on ignorance and limited experiences. A few bi-racial grandchildren and a gay nephew later changed him, not someone yelling in his face. Things are not as bad as they seem but we can make it look that way, perception is reality. Don't get sucked in.
Should gays discriminate against the baker by not doing business with him?
"I have no right to go to a priest who is not an employee of mine and say, 'Excuse me, are you in a sexual relationship?' See, at that point I intrude into what's called the internal forum and I have no right, as the bishop, to do that. And the priest would have every right to say, 'It's no business of yours.'     What about AB. Cordileone, archdiocese releases statement on church teachings, practice in high schools. 'February 4th, 2015 Church teaching distilled in 15 "affirm and believe" clauses in the Cordileone documennclude condemnation of abortion, homosexual relations, same-sex marriage, artificial birth control, "artificial reproductive technology," women's ordination, pornography, masturbation and human cloning,'    AB. Cordileone have no right, as the bishop, to do that then!!! And we Catholics would have every right to say, 'It's no business of yours.'  LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Latin word for fear is Timor.  The Greek word for fear is Phobos.  The Latin word for hatred is Odium.  The Greek word for hatred is Misos.  Islamophobia is Greek word for (  overwhelming and irrational) fear of Islam ( a particular belief system).  Hatred for Islam , in Greek, would be Islamomisia or Misoislam.  Hatred  of a Muslim would be , in Greek, Muslimmisia or Misomuslim.  Muslimphobia would be, in Greek, an( overwhelming and irrational ) fear of a Muslim( a follower of Islam) .  One should not confuse Latin with Greek and should not mix the two.  Homophobia in Greek translates as a ( overwhelming and irrational) fear of the same....Homo meaning " the same" in Greek.  Homo in Latin means mankind,  the genus.
Please give one example where he has threatened to "turn back to an era when women, gays, and racial and religious minorities were treated as less than equal to white males, to an era when women and racial and religious minorities felt they would not be heard or given justice if opposed by a white male in power."  Just one example.
I would say, in answer to your final question, that the events of the last 2 days suggest "No". If anything Donald Trump appears to have been the last reactionary breath of a dying ideology. Yesterday the democrats won an absolute landslide victory in Virginia, taking the governorship by a massive degree. Already the called races for the state house of delegates have all but eradicated the GOP's formerly insumrountable-seeming lead there, and it's becoming ever more likely that, when the final counts become available later today- the democrats will hold a majority in that state. The upsets included the republican majority whip being ousted by a Berniecrat member of the democratic socialists of America and the drafter of Virginia's anti-trans bathroom bill losing his seat to a transgender woman. It wasn't just Virginia either. Democrats also won major victories in several other states, including taking the governorship of New Jersey from Trump-follower Chris Christy.
"No one commenting on here is against gays, least of all me." You disprove that every time gay people come up in letters to the editor. Should religious intermarried couples be satisfied with a pre-made cake from a shop that sells custom cakes? Should an interracial couple be satisfied with a pre-made cake?
Well the article is about Islam, so I naturally thought that's what we're discussing here.   I'm glad your here to step up to the plate and discuss this issue.    How do we go about making sure you and I don't support intolerant cultures of any kind, love to hear your ideas.     You mention: " What I find ironic is how some won't hesitate to point out issues with "diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights" in fundamentalist Islam, yet ignore similar instances in historically Western religions".     Historically you're correct, but remember that is past history, that's been  resolved via reformations in both Christianity and Judaism.    That is why is very important that reformation takes place in Islam, which moves the religion away from a sectarian view into a secular one.   What  we're concerned with here is the current situation, the here and now, not long ago history.
I should have said what I mean by a theology of homosexuality. The field of theology that addresses questions of nature and grace, sin and salvation, is usually called Christian Anthropology. The traditional assumptions of Christian Anthropology include the idea that there is a human nature fixed in its substance and that human nature is expressed in beings that are male and female, who come together to partner with God in the ongoing work of creation.   I think same-sex research challenges that idea to the core. (I also think that the traditional categories of sin and salvation are obsolete, but that's a topic for another discussion.)  The question posed by a theology of homosexuality would be, in my opinion, whether "nature" can be retained as a meaningful category for religious language, realizing that to question it is to question both Nicaea and Chalcedon. The challenge would be to articulate a new understanding of "nature" that encompasses the full range of sexual experience.
So after reading this,  a lot of people have no problem with the transgender issue. How would it be if your 14 yr old daughter was in the showers and then the 18 yr old boy that says he is a girl gets in the same showers.... Why keep them separated right? Shouldn't they be in the same shower also wouldn't want them left out..........
What a poor and violent diatribe...   Bishop Paprocki simply respects the Church Teaching and the Canon Law.   Must be deprived of funerals "manifest sinners who cannot be granted ecclesiastical funerals without public scandal of the faithful." (canon Law, 1184)  If you want to improve your knoweldge in Canon Law, you should read this post by Edward Peters on the topic:   "Paprocki’s decree is not aimed at a category of persons (homosexuals, lesbians, LGBT, etc., words that do not even appear in his document) but rather, it is concerned with an act, a public act, an act that creates a civilly-recognized status, namely, the act of entering into a ‘same-sex marriage’. That public act most certainly has public consequences, some civil and some canonical."  https://canonlawblog.wordpress.com/2017/06/23/bp-paprockis-norms-on-same-sex-marriage/
"They" can ban all they want, but if every priest who is gay left the priesthood right now, the US would have fewer priests per capita than Brazil.
That last sentence is only opinion used by those who cant possibly prove someone is born gay.  And quit with the feigned hurt by your insinuation.
Church history and I both beg to differ with you.   Neither doctrines nor dogma ever change. The examples you listed do not even come close to what the Church defines as doctrine, whether one is speaking about christological, mariological, pneumatological or any other aspect of Catholic doctrinal truth.  Again, my point is simple - the Church has taught from the beginning that homosexual relations, i.e. sex between people of the same gender, are mortal sins that result in the death of the soul.  The Church will never change these doctrines on sexual morality and anyone who thinks the Church will change them is caught up in the delusion of the world, a world that every day grows more and more hostile to the gospel of Christ and the divine authority of the Church.  Your suggestion that the majority of Catholics disagree with the teachings of the Church is itself debatable, but regardless, the Church has never based her teachings on a vote of the people so that is irrelevant.
And all of the Popes who preceded Benedict for the last 600 years were all in tip-top shape before they suddenly died.  The man is nowhere near incapable of serving, notwithstanding his physical struggles.    So if the gay mafia is capable of forcing a competent Pope to resign, do you not think it is also capable of hiding its impact and power?  Meanwhile look at all the homosexual abuse that was covered up by them for so many years.  Your homophilia gets in the way of your common sense, that is, if you have any ability to think beyond what was taught to you..
I don't agree, Elagabalus. It is what we want to believe. But I think the Christian support for Assad is based on their calculated perception of the own well being. They anticipate that is the moderate rebels win, they will become the  victims of the tyranny of the majority in a Muslim state. (Fuller reply below "Not necessarily, Gay.")
What's the reality?  Naughty kids who are now laughing at all the "hate" stories when the graffiti was a statement of defiance but had nothing to do with hate.  A confederate flag which the offended define as meaning what they want it to mean and an individual who refuses to go along.  In Grant's Pass some posters that say white pride are taken to mean hate when the last years have seen mountains of posters proclaiming Gay Pride - nobody said anything about hate.  Some are desperate to control the actions and thoughts of others.  Thankfully, there are still some Americans breathing who refuse to be controlled.  The modern liberal projects their perceptions onto others and is desperate to control all thought and action so as to ensure conformance with their world view.
Yes because that specific problem, which occurs on a very frequent basis, is why Minnery had to promote this bill. Not because he needs to make a buck off bigots' fear and hatred of transgendered people. Not because we need to be debating this so we don't pay attention to rampant corruption in state and national government. It's all the men going in the women's bathroom.
My God!  I knew whack jobs existed, but I had not personally encountered one in a long time.  Let's take you piece by piece, shall we? You say: "You hate the Sioux Indians, extolling the judgement in law against them."  Hate the Sioux?  I feel bad for them because what MAY have been a decent environment case was so poorly presented on their behalf. Indeed, they presented no environmental case at all.  I saw merit in a well-written judicial opinion by an Obama appointee. "You side with the oil companies totally ignoring their malevolent influence on American politics." Wrong. See above. "You hate homosexuals, repeatedly quoting obscure scripture texts from thousands of years ago, even justifying them being stoned to death in one of your posts and agreeing with gay people being sacked." You lie. True, I quote Scripture texts about the immorality of homosexual acts. I have never said gays should be stoned. To the contrary, I approve the Church's stance -- respect.    YOU hate.
It's kinda like baking cakes. "Public" is "public". No "Whites Only" and that kind of carp.  There are SO many restrooms that are not designated men or women. If it's a single person restroom, I don't care. I don't want to share a restroom with a wall of urinals and all the guys tryin' not to look at their neighbors. I don't understand what transgender people feel or how they think. I doubt that Caitlin is ready to give up the urinals, I don't know if Chaz uses them or not. Me - I'm headed for a closed stall to mind nobody's business but my own.
It is possible to hold a specific belief personally but not endorse it corporately just FYI.  For instance, I personally believe God intended for men and women to marry heterosexually, I also believe in respecting people who don't share this belief and not using my personal faith to restrict equality for others.  Therefore, I support gay marriage as a legal right but not as a personal freedom for believers (just as I don't support believers who engage in sexual immorality, greed, racism, pride, etc...)  Just as God gives us the freedom to choose to follow him, His followers should extend the same grace and freedom to others to choose their own beliefs (so long as it doesn't restrict or oppress others).
Just wondering.  Why have you given the church a capitalized female pronoun "Her", when it is ruled by males?  It seems to me to be a male only institution. It appears that women are only tolerated if they pray and obey and make up the numbers.    Again, I ask you, do you really think imprisonment of gays is something Jesus would do?  Really?  As far as NCR's audience, I am an old lady who has been married for more than 50 years.  I read NCR.  I cannot be classified by being one of the "Very liberal people who have left the Church or who are at extreme odds with the Church and Her authentic teachings".  I am one of the core members of the church.  I married in the church, raised and educated our children in the faith, continue to attend, despite the terrible attitudes of those who would imprison gays for being how God made them.  I continue to hope and pray that the Holy Spirit will ultimately transform the hardened hearts and minds of the hierarchy to become more Christ like.  One day
Right because that's what being transgender is. Just waking up every day and claiming to be one sex or another depending on how the mood strikes you. That is exactly how it works.
If it is true that participation in a civil wedding is a religious belief, so be it.  Then, participation in a civil wedding is a religious belief for all people.  I.E. those whose beliefs include gay marriage.  Unfortunately, it seems a lot of people don't want to acknowledge that others share that same right.
In fact, the institutional Church regularly uses dehumanizing language to refer to gays. "Intrinsically disordered" is seen, IMHO correctly, by homosexuals to refer to them, not some amorphous "tendency".  You have apparenty bought into the idea that the reason for having sexual intercourse is procreation. Are you married? If so, wouldn't you agree that procreation is not the main reason you have sex with your wife. If you do agree, then according to what you say, your sexual intercourse is "purely self-gratifying". AND WHAT IS WRONG WITH THAT? Is pleasure, for its own sake, something to be avoided? When you eat, do you deliberately make your food unpalatable? Do you deny yourself all entertainment?   Also, consider this: Do you really think that God is as hung up on sex as some apparently imagine? The Bible devotes hardly any space to sexual sins, but goes on at great length on social sins.
Western white liberal/conservative nations with a Christian heritage are better for women than any other system you can identify. Women and gays under Islam ? There are  feminist and LGBT who actually think that's preferable despite all the bloodshed proving them wrong.
Re the letter:  1)  It's not a ban, it's a 4 month hiatus for 7 nations that are hotbeds of radical Islam (ie, terrorism).  2)  A huge percentage of Muslims believe in things that Christians don't believe in.  Things like how it's perfectly fine to kill anyone who leaves Islam, or who is homosexual.  And of course immoral women too; sometimes they are burned to death, or stoned to death.  This isn't just true in nations like Egypt, it's true for European Muslims as well.     In other words, there are demonstrably clear reasons that there be a  * preference * for Christian refugees over Muslim's from radicalized nations.
I wouldn't call Ascalepius a pedant; I reserve that for people who get it right (however long it takes to get them there.)  He's trying to make a case that the English word 'islamophobia' and 'homophobia' only refer to fear.  He is wrong.
Are we totally ignoring the past demands of BLM, and their threats to shut down the parade if their demands were not met, which led directly to the Pride organizers caving in to a single interest group and agreeing to discriminate against police, including gay police, who only wanted the freedom to wear their uniforms with PRIDE? Are we ignoring the fact that on Sunday the BLM did block the New York parade and issued more demands because the Toronto police showed up to March there? My regard for BLM, gay or not, has plummeted. They become a bunch of thugs and bullies, almost as bad as what they're protesting.
Homosexual activity has been proscribed throughout the history of Judaism and Christianity.  There is no way the Church is ever going to change this so all these dissident organisations are wasting their time.
I'm not sure from the essay under discussion that it has been.  This may just be part of a proposal to get such a paradigm into the DSM.    According to the original Sunday article:  "Western psychology neither recognizes racism exists nor admits that it would have a detrimental psychological impact. Black psychologists defined racism as a mental illness around 1965."  How someone votes at a convention seems an odd way for a 'science' to be defined, however.  Consensus 'science' as opposed to replicable, peer evaluated science is the way I see it.  If it can't be independently replicated and quantified, it's just opinion based on whatever strikes their fancy at the time.  Homosexuality 50 years ago was a mental defect; now it isn't.   Aspergers is no longer is a valid diagnosis.  Because 'they' 'voted' that way.
@shiftless2 there exists a body of research, not just a single study, and they consistently unequivocally indicate that a majority of children ultimately mature out of their gender mismatch.  If by 'thoroughly debunked' you mean 'shouted down/smeared/slandered/libeled/defamed in a hail of Orwellian Newspeak' by fringe trans activists,  irrespective of the facts, then yes, you'd be correct.  Note:  the foregoing does deny the existence of trans people, nor does it negate any constructive discussion on how to accommodate and/or support such individuals.  What should be of greater concern is how quickly the activist community wants to:  - discovery/debate/discussion/inquiry  - subject gender dysphoric kids to radical, life-altering hormonal & surgical treatments ahead of nature taking its course  - trample the legitimate rights and concerns of others in the population
The other Holy Grail of the GOP Evangelical-Catholic Alliance is outrage over gay marriage.  Currently attention is focused on allowing merchants to ignore the Civil Rights Act for religious reasons and there is already a case on the docket. Of course, if the part of the Act which prohibits discrimination in customers is overturned than the Pro-Life movement will have to quit talking about Plessy v. Ferguson on abortion, since Plessy would be restored if cake bakers got a break.
Scalia was your lead thinker. He and the Federalist Society favor overturning Roe such that the matter is brought back to the states for their regulation. They would like that for gay marriage, sodomy and a variety of issues. That is a states rights argument. As for a constitutional amendment, there are at least 14 states that would have legal abortion without Roe, none of which would ratify a Human Life Amendment. Far easier to do a personhood bill in Congress (the only venue possible).
Sorry but I strongly disagree.  No law can interfere with a religious person's right to exercise his/her religion.  Yet, LBGT is all about ramming their views down our throats and forcing us to support/accept their insanity.  Religious people should not have to bake a cake for a gay couple and biological women and girls shouldn't have to put up with biological men in female-only facilities.  No means no always - no exceptions.
Yes, the LGBT community won the fight for marriage equality because, "the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice."  You're just on the wrong side of history. Get used to it, you have more losses coming.  Obama is losing the fight to expand Medicaid?  NOT in Alaska, he aint!
Many right-wingers resort to accusations of homosexuality when they know they have lost an argument.
You live on wrong assumptions my friend. Your arguments depend on them. I have no use for Franklin Graham. He is not a great conservative minister. Where do you get that idea? His father perhaps, but not Franklin. Why do you assume so often and always incorrectly? You either confused me with someone else, or it was just another one of your broad brush strokes to paint all churchgoers as gay-hating and women denigrating. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Not every time, but anytime the opinions held are in direct violation of a charter or constitution that aims to protect the individual rights or freedoms of citizens. Yet another false equivalency -  believing the earth is 6000 years old is far less of a societal impact then believing husbands should be able to take on multiple wives, discipline them when deemed necessary, gays should not be permitted in society, or that suspected jihadis (whose goal is to inflict damage on other citizens) should not be reported.
The Church becoming "obsessive" about "culture war issues"? :)) What universe are you living in dear? :))   The whole politically correct project, including the gay stuff ... is culture-war in action. The whole politically correct nonsense IS the definition of culture war. And you are complaining about the Church? :)))
So you approve of those who say, "I want to discriminate against gays on religious grounds". During the days of Jim Crow, there were those whites who supported discrimination against blacks on religious grounds. Would you guard those "religious freedoms" as well?
I've never met anyone who blamed their lack of success on "nasty females, queers, coloured  folks"....obviously we move in different circles.
It is not just this dodo that has made millions by calling women every conceivable derogatory name, describing various ways to rape and kill women and making every derogatory statement homosexuals that you can imagine. Every rap "artist" in the business does exactly the same thing, every album, every day. They continue to be held up as role models for a younger generation that knows no better. The more hateful, misogynistic and anti authoritarian the words the more they are praised at every awards show. M&M or whatever his name is, is still trying to be accepted into that world as a white "rapper". This might do it. Congrats M&M whether peanut or regular.
"If you can't define it, it's subjective and doesn't exist." So basically according to you feelings don't exist, because feelings are subjective.  And then what is "It's not transgender people that anyone cares about; dysphoria exists." Supposed to mean? Since you say gender dysphoria is real, and one cure for it involves surgery and hormonal reassignment therapy which are both objective procedures, I don't see what your problem is. .
If a woman meets the perfect  flawless  male in every way, with matching socks....he's likely homosexual.  Real men are flawed, often with un matching socks....so women have to accept the flaw, if it's unacceptable drugs, alcohol, gambling etc., ....leave ...but if it's minor accept it ( they will never be able to change it, so time should not be wasted) as for the un matching socks, that's easy to deal with.  My wife often intercepts me before I leave the house to correct/ replace  the shirt/ tie/ trousers/ belt/ shoes....a daughter is a substitute wife in that regard " Dad, you can't go out like that...( I love it).  Marriage is great with the right woman, the children are wonderful and the grandchildren even more so...it won't be long before my grand daughter tells me " Grandpa, you can't go out like that"....although I already tell her " you can't go out dressed like that".  Choosing a wife and the future mother of your children is the most important decision a male will ever make.
Homos demand that you accept their fudge packing.  But none of us ever will-
"BLM is simply using Pride as a stepping stone and platform for advocating their own political agenda.  BLM are no friends of the gay community."  So true!!!!!!
I agree with those many trans-gendered.
If you were consistent (and not pandering to the gay community - which is exactly what the Blue Jays are doing) and suspended every professional athlete for any "slur" uttered in a game, you wouldn't have any players left. Sit in the first row for any hockey game, baseball game or basketball game.
I read the first three; there weren't any gays mentioned as I recall.
This is a corporate tax reduction plan, I know you (D)onkey socialists hate it when taxation to pay for your pet projects like transgender restrooms and Lamaze classes for transgenders are cut due to government budget cuts.
Hmmm.......rules meet protestors. Lets see; Kemano, War in the Woods, quite a few proposed mines lately (Fish Lake?), Killer whales at Vancouver Aquarium, Gay rights, Drug prohibition, MacKenzie Valley pipeline, a toxic waste dump that got the BC Greens gal elected last week,  or if you happen to hail from Ontario, then how about Caledonia and gas plants?  Even Oka or the Tsihquot'in decision.  What's the score so far? I put my money on the protestors winning. Even Pierre Trudeau's son won't call in the army to get a project done. That Kinder pipeline will never get built.
Its "gender dysphoria" - and while it may be classified as a disorder - it is not per se a contraindication to being "medically fit" for service.  There are many transgendered persons who are adjusted and functional.  There are transgendered people who DON'T need "a lot of counselling", have already had or have chosen not to have "surgeries", and who are not in any way suicidal.  (I'll conceed that most do require ongoing hormonal therapy, but honestly that's pretty cheap and safe).   There is no reason that someone cannot do their job in the millitary (or elsewhere) just because they happen to be transgender.
I have to agree with much in this article.  The biggest issue it brings to light is that we have a church whose leaders, because they do not wish to learn, make constant bad assumptions about marriage, sex, gender, & love.    Strangely, few apostles speak very deliberately in our scripture regarding sex.  St. Paul gets kudos in my opinion for stating some real truth about sex & marriage.  Many people get married because if they didn't they could not control their sexual drives and remain chaste.  This is really the only reason Paul gives for marrying in our church.  He never mentions marrying in order to make more Christians but instead to keep yourself from fornication you should marry if your will is weak.  You should love & treat each other as you would wish to be treated no matter who you marry.    There is no allowance for homosexual marriage with St. Paul but Paul is not Jesus.  Jesus is never quoted as saying anything specifically condemning of homosexual couples in any Gospel.
And who are you may I ask?  As a born-and-raised Torontonian who has attended Pride for over 25 years, I would like to declare that that the vision of the original founders of Pride has been completely betrayed and distorted by the appalling tactics of BLM. If BLM truly cared about the gay community (as opposed to debasing and manipulating Pride for their own political agenda), then they would raise awareness and concern about the homophobia and anti-gay violence prevalent in Caribbean and African countries, where gay right don't exist. If BLM was honest with itself, then why aren't they staging protests and sit-ins at Toronto's Caribbean Festival Parade (a.k.a. Caribbana), where their message would surely find a receptive and sympathetic audience? Why Pride?? Well, it's because BLM is utterly jealous of Pride and bitter and resentful of the huge strides and progress the gay community and police have made over the years. So, they've declared war on Pride by professing to speak for it.
Caitlyn Jenner is transgender, not a drag queen. There's a difference, which anyone who knows anything about drag queens will tell you. So irony is not involved.
I am an not a D or an R either. I was speaking mainly about the democratics platform of abortion on demand and LTGB issues.  They even had an argument in their convention 5 years ago because many of them did not want the party to acknowledge God at all.  The bible is very clear that life is sacred and that homosexuality is wrong.  That doesn't mean being gay should be illegal, but it shouldn't be glorified and accepted.  Also, I believe the weak and the poor are helped much better by the private sector than the government.  The government just likes to keep them weak and poor.
If you want to discriminate against gays, move to a state where that is legal. When you sign the application for a business license, you agree to follow state law. No private business mandated buying insurance.   By the way, my health insurance is going up about 30% due to Trump. Way to stick it to the middle class, Orange Clown.
I understand that as a sign of unity, they've invited opioids to join them at the Gay Pride parade.
Hey Cuomo, for the record, YOU are NOT a REPORTER! That would mean that you write down and report what actually happened without adding any color or changing anything. You are only a very bad opinion promulgator who lets his own homosexual and communist agenda alter everything you say or do. You and EVERYONE at CNN deserve no resect at all for your laughable attempts to "report" the "news". You and all your associates (emphasis on "ass" in associates) are lying, cheating, partisan bigots, atheists, communists and traitors. I will gladly pay for the gallows to string you and all your compatriots up and I would gladly pull the trap door handle. It would be doing the entire world a great service! I will lobby til the day I die to have both your press privileges and your broadcast permits permanently revoked!
I think it was mentioned because he didn't become a dancer, a florist or a hair dresser. Maybe it's because, in addition to the obstacles thrown him by his parents, he also had a few obstacles because he's gay. Obstacles, you know, like people assuming there's an agenda, viewing him in a negative light because he's gay...
Anyone have some popcorn?  Or, can we possibly start talking to some of these right-wing fanatics and REMIND THEM its THEIR PEOPLE getting busted for sex with kids, not gays or transgenders.  Wasn't there just a high profile pastor busted for not one, but TWO kids who he started at the age of 13... And then Focus on the Family... And then Christian magazine editor in Minnesota with little girls.  I'm still looking for the story of the drag queen who molests little boys or converts them to the geh.  ADN, can you help me find that one.. or better yet, Jim Minnery.. can you please show me?
I'm betting my comments will be jumped on as evidence of a bias against homosexuality.  Far from it.  I wholeheartedly support the rights of consenting adults to be who they are, and to engage in sexual acts with other consenting adults.  I was really hoping though, that Trudeau would run out of things to apologise for and groups to apologise to.  It is tiresome, it's just another opportunity for a photo-op.  It is designed to distract from Trudeau's lack of intellect, action and leadership.  It is a calculated attempt on the part of his handlers to "humanise" him in order to sell his otherwise vacuous persona to the public.  "Oh, he's so nice!  I think it would be just wonderful if he'd take off his shirt, strike a yoga pose and sing Kumbaya."  Trudeau needs to get down to the business of governing Canada.  Maybe the next time he visits Canada, perhaps when he returns from glad-handing in Cuba, (it worked for his Dad, didn't it?) he'll get busy in trying to turn our economy around.
America is so hilarious. Back when republicans were talking about tax cuts, the liberals were screaming, everyone needs to pay their fair share!! Now we see republicans screaming everyone needs to pay their fair share!! Yeah you go ahead and pay your share of zillions of dollars being sent overseas to foreign aide. Pay your share of the interest on the fed debt. Pay your fair share of research to find out if penguins self identify as gay purple tortoises. Why does 97% of america love socialism and love uncle sams hand in your pocket while his gun is at your head???
Unless the plaintiff has been shown to be an abusive or otherwise unfit parent, this is only another example of the cruelty a custodial parent can inflict upon a non-custodial parent. Gender is immaterial, as there's ample evidence of cruelty by custodial men, women, straight and gay. Terrible for all concerned...the parent who is now cut off from the child, the child cut off from a parent, and even the custodial parent who has perpetrated this injustice upon a former partner and their child.
I agree also. The Republicans - assuming that for once they exhibit party unity - have the votes to stomp your side into the ground and leave them there.  The heartland has been asking for that to happen for three decades.  Party unity will require scraping faux Republican barnacles like John McCain from the hull, and making it clear to the remainder that their political careers hang in the balance.  As the Human Rights Campaign demonstrated after the President signed an order extending LGBT protections, reaching across the aisle is a fools' errand.  Let's pick a direction for this country once and for all and end the nonsense. Tie the hands of the Gang of Nine and return important decisions to the People.
Well, since the word "marriage" doesn't even appear in the US Constitution, nor in any of the Amendments, one could more easily demonstrate that the founders had no intent to support any kind of marriage, gay or otherwise. The ACA decision was decided on very narrow grounds, and left the ACA open to all the suits attempting to limit it that SCOTUS has decided in favor of...which, if one reads Chief Justice Roberts's opinion, is exactly his intent and was so described by disappointed "liberals" at the time. Next case!
Sodomy is not up for debate, it falls under privacy legally. Treating homosexuals with dignity is what Clinton does and its not sinful. Your position is. Infanticide and PBA are already illegal and there is no likelihood that this will change any time soon (with the possible exception of putting in a time limit in gestational age). The whole issue was a scam to get the court to look at Roe again. Bush appointees Roberts and Alito joined Kennedy in saying no to that.
A 35 year old article?  Really?  That's your argument about whether the Boy Scouts should recruit possible pedophiles?  And that based on studies prior to that.  Don't forget that "In 1973, the American Psychiatric Association (APA) removed the diagnosis of “homosexuality” from the second edition of its Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM)."  So your article is only ten years after they were no longer a 'mental disease or defect'.    "The decision to remove was upheld by a 58% majority of 10,000 voting members."  That's the Psychiatric version of "Scientific Method".  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4695779/     See how well that has worked for the Catholic Church worldwide for the past 35 years?
:Special interests" have bullied commentators off of the comment section, but that only creates hostility to their position at the ballot box. Apparently some LGBT commentator flagged my perfectly civil post, so in the future,  I will vote against anything that even sounds remotely tolerant of LGBT. I've been very tolerant of alternate life-choices all my life, but no more. You want tolerance, but you are in turn, intolerant of differing opinions.
"It's extremely damaging to a fair trial to have people reaching judgment about the case in the newspapers and on the radio before the facts are heard in a case."        Bill James  I would have to know more about Drew Phoenix and his ideas and not that he is entitled to the job due to the fact he is transgender! I would want someone that is for ALL,  not a few.
. This is not a hard call and I expect even Kennedy, who is the most pro-gay rights justice, will see it that way. As long as the opinion honors both facts, we can have our cake and eat it too.  The Janus v. AFSCME case is part of the right wing to do list. The Court should make easy work of it, but it won’t and the child of Ann Gorsuch is the deciding vote. This will certainly force unions into a different focus if it goes as it might. It is time to end opposition and Occupy Capitalism. Shifting education and street work to local employee-owned companies and converting the unions to a representative stockholder association is their best bet.  With respect to MSW, these cases are to be decided by the Constitution, not Catholic morality or even its social teachings.
My father did not like the fact that I was, as he said, pro-queer (he did not know my brother is gay). I suspect that attitude was that he knew we could do nothing to gays but guilt them, but his type really minded those who were out and proud, not understanding that gay expression has no less right in the public space than straight objection (which for many is a function of their asexuality, not logic).
You are misrepresenting the Bible.  The letter of the Mosaic Law is not binding on Christians.  Mosaic Law consisted of symbolic, dietary, and moral law.  Symbolic and dietary law were used to foreshadow Christ and prepare a people to spiritually discern clean from unclean, holy from unholy, etc.  The Law was given to prepare Israel and separate them from the nations as God's own people.  In the advent of Christ, symbolic and dietary laws are like GPS - when you arrive at your destination, following the GPS directions is completely useless.  However, God's morality never changed and the moral foundation of the Mosaic Law still applies.  Children should not dishonor their parents yet Christians have no Biblical obligation or even right to stone their children to death.  Bestiality and homosexual practice are still sinful and yet no Christian is obligated to or justified by the Bible to kill homosexual or bestiality practitioners.
Are you seriously comparing the Jewish  Holocaust victims to  homosexual discrimination?
Are you one of those social justice warriors who can not see the connection between the growing spiritual poverty caused by widespread apostasy or abandonment of the faith and many of the social ills you seek to address . . . with temporary bandages, essentially, if you don't drill down to the spiritual root and branch of those ills.  For example, most US catholics, especially here on NCR, no longer believe in transubstantiation.  Not surprisingly, more than 50+% of US catholics support abortion, homosexual marriages and euthanasia, the three hallmarks of a culture of death.    You either see the connection or you don't.
There is no need to come up with a term everyone gets.   No one commenting on here is against gays, least of all me.  There are people who show hatred of gays, like those who killed Matthew Shepard.  But to use a term that marginalizes and is broad sweeping is nonsense.
Pifco,  I think Trump consulted Sarah Palin on this one. She indicated that her church congregation was still prepared to "cure" the gays through the power of prayer. Palin further indicated that gender inclusiveness could be combated if everyone simply took a gun when they visited the washroom.
You do realize studies have shown many homosexuals were in fact abused as children?
"The problem is that there are no media outlets that will objectively analyze Drumpf's rationale for implementing the ban. Drumpf claims that he is implementing the ban due to "medical costs" after consulting with generals."  That's what you think the problem is, huh. Let me help you...  Objectively speaking, the US military spends less per year on transgender medical requirements than the Secret Service spends in one weekend protecting Golfing Donald.  Was that conservatively oriented enough for you?
IRT REB1, fully agree with your post.  MG Taguba is a personal friend, but in this case, I believe he has not talked to the infantry troops.  I have, and over 90% of the infantry troops support President Trump's decision on transgender serving.  In fact, the same troops suggest going back to "Don't Ask, Don't Tell".
Getting behind the Constitution is as good a place as any to start. The Constitution allots two Senators to each state,  Rhode Island gets two, New York gets two, Hawaii gets two, California gets two, etc.  Size or population is irrelevant. The electoral college is the present system.    A line from the movie "A League of Our Own"  comes to mind.   "Are you crying?  There's no crying in baseball."  The divide is probably not between "elephants and donkeys", but between more fundamental matters such as "Is there natural law or not"?  Is being gay or straight  like being left handed or right handed?  Is life in a mother's womb a human life or is it not?  What constitutes "free speech"? " What are the limits of free speech?  How did we get the notion of political correctness?  Do borders matter?   Will Rodgers once said "We've got the best Congress money can buy".  Has money corrupted the political system? Can the country ever get beyond slavery?  What is an equitable division of wealth?
To add insult to injury to the armed forces, the previous administration went further by having us all pay for that unfortunate individual's "reassignment" surgery-- with both money and time.  In other words, the job billet was filled by someone with a bona fide mental disorder, and then the unit would never see that individual, because they would be seeking mental treatment and follow-on surgeries to fulfill their fantasy.  What's more, countless hours were spent by soldiers, marines, and sailors having to take "transgender sensitivity training" and documenting its completion.  This was time that the fleet and forces could have instead spent on operational training, maintenance, and work-ups to deployment. So glad this was corrected.
No, Sam Adams never attended. But i have seen gay couples worshipping there. And they're welcome to do so, of course.  The Bible doesn't teach that you should only worship with those that 100% agree with you. Neither do we. You don't even have to 100% agree with the leaders in order to serve in a leadership role at Imago, much less to attend. Even leaders need only be Christ-followers who will not *knowingly* lead others (by word or lifestyle) in opposition to what the elders decide. I doubt even the elders all fully agree on doctrine, but they are committed to unity and to Scripture above their own understanding. Again, even that is only for leaders and teachers, not for members.  After all, we're human, not God. Disagreeing is inevitable. We are by definition unable to fully comprehend Him, or even the rest of reality. Everyone's doctrine is flawed. The thing that unites us first and foremost is commitment to following Jesus as best we can and encouraging each other to do the same.
For anyone who wants to help the transgender community fight intolerance, here's a GoFundMe campaign for an awesome nonprofit I've supported in the past:  https://www.gofundme.com/help-save-gender-justice-nevada
Why not  just call it what it really is?  Might I suggest "The Langley Ordinance That Serves No Purpose Other Than To Help Pretentious, Self-Righteous Liberals Feel Good About Themselves Because Their Candidate Lost And Trump Said The Same Things About Illegal Immigration That Presidents Obama And Clinton And Secretary Clinton Said Before Him, But This Time We Actually Care, And Besides It's Different Because They Are Democrats And Were Probably Just Lying For The Benefit Of The Bitter, Clinging, Racist, Misogynistic, Homophobic, Islamophobic Deplorables That Live Outside Our Enlightened Coastal Enclaves, And Who Don't Even Have Giant Safety Pin Statues Outside Their Police Stations, If You Can Believe That".
So is Jason Kenney. No one today thinks that being gay and conservative are mutually exclusive persuasions, nor they should be.
This whole fiasco resembles a B-grade Soap Opera......small town School Superintendent has a gay affair with a teachers' aide......local folks become upset and seek her ouster...   it would make for a "bad show" on TV and, in real life, it's a 'bad show' as well.   It's a long-standing and well-known dictum that you do NOT become romantically involved with persons who you supervise....directly or indirectly.  This is true for both public and private employer/employee relations.  Surely, Ms Parent knows that.  She chose to ignore it.  Some public entities have this "rule" somehow embodied in their policies. South Lane didn't.  The Board determined the romance was not a "fireable" offense.  To be sure, the incident hasn't benefited anyone. The Hollomans now seem determined to "hound" Ms Parent out of the District.  `As the editorial states "no one wins" in this one.  Were it just a TV  Soap Opera, I'd advise cancelling the show and watching something else.....Gary crum
"the religious authorities, who do not support gay rights." --- That's a light way to put it.
Thanks for your reasoned reply, Mr. Brave Anonymous Web Guy. For the record, what horrifies and disgusts me is that, in the past 6 months, doctors intentionally killed 600 people. To put this in perspective, the annual rate of (other) homicide in Canada is about 500 per year.  Maybe you believe that is a good and beautiful thing -- but I can't agree my thinking is muddled just because I don't agree with you.  You, on the other hand, appear to think that because homophobia and racism exist, you needn't pay any attention to what anyone else thinks.  Which is odd.  RW
No, making a law that grants the minority the same rights and privileges as the majority is not discrimination as you claim. It is codifying equality so that civil rights are protected even if you disagree that all people should have the same rights or not.   Being transgender has nothing to do with clothes or even biological sex. I'll, for the sake of argument grant that transgendereded people are confused, discounting that gender is a cultural construct rather than biological imperative. Does someone who identifies and lives as someone of the opposite gender really do so to gain advantage as your original comment suggests? Being transgender is not something that you do for fun on the weekends. It is who these people are, regardless of biological sex.
Tri's confusion was best exemplified in his adamant response to Jim McCrea this week that it is wrong for opposite-sex couples to commit "homosexual acts."  I tried to end his confusion by telling him it's not wrong for heterosexuals to do so---it's impossible, since they are.......well,  heterosexuals.  I think he believes sex can make heterosexual love into homosexual love. Now THAT'S confused. And as Archbishop Chaput said, "Confusion is of the devil."
Why does everyone have to adapt to the vegan lesbian?Sshouldn't it be a two-way street?
For anyone who wants to help the transgender community fight intolerance, here's a GoFundMe campaign for an awesome nonprofit I've supported in the past:   https://www.gofundme.com/help-save-gender-justice-nevada
That book and word are accepted by some on the basis of faith only, and not on anything factual.  Your idea of what "God" is is off-base.  You people hold to that in order to attempt to force your opinions onto others.  Sex is not a sin, and neither is being gay.  You should read "Conversations with God!"
or maybe a tax to educate why multiculturalism is really just code for allowing a misogynistic religion that forces women to cover their faces and throw gays off buildings.  Nah, on second thought, the liberal elite will squash that idea like a rotten tomato on a hot summer street in Toronto,
As you might imagine, I see things from a slightly different perspective.  I believe that much of the Pope's attempts to supposedly "move the needle forward" are, instead, intended to keep it lodged firmly in place.  It seems to me that much of what he is doing is cosmetic and that the purpose of his actions is to deflect attention from such things as the entire sexual abuse scandal, the treatment of gay people, and the ordination of women.  There has been no real movement on any of these issues.  In addition, the ability to speak freely seems to extend mostly to the ultra conservatives.  I have not seen any serious discussion in the institutional Church about any real ways to move forward on any of the three topics that I mention.  So, it seems to me to be more smoke and mirrors than anything else, and that is very dispiriting, indeed.
Letting loose my inner conservative here: "the actual American people" need to get on their big-girl panties, man up, and relearn our critical thinking skills, as well as get over our endemic scientific illiteracy. "Conflicting information" is a misnomer. People can post whatever on the internet: it's one of its great strengths and weaknesses. I could craft an entire website devoted to proving that Benedict Cumberbatch is actually gay (not that there's anything wrong with that!), and that his wife and child are a huge blind designed to protect his Hollywood career - which would run counter to nearly all published biographies about him. Then someone like you comes along and refers to it all as "information." I.e., you seem to assume that because it's out there, it has an equal chance of being true, and is therefore worthy of one's consideration - which is obviously fallacious. And you want the feds to do the hard work of thinking (and sifting) for you ...
[That’s especially true with transgender individuals, as President Donald Trump demonstrated with his move to ban transgender military recruits. His argument is that trans people cause a disruption in the military. That is the same argument once used to try to keep people of color, women and gays out of the armed forces.]  That's practically an entirely bogus misrepresentation of what is a false equivalency between the expensive medical care many transgendered people require and the other groups delineated and of the rationale given by the Trump administration for its decision. And, of course, the WNT cannot ever fail to show its truly leftist colors at every opportunity.
Go to confession  Find a bishop that believes intimate homosexual relationships are not sinful and I'll be amazed  Your a sectarian and don't want to hear of sin
Really?  The Obama's were consistent in their beliefs??  Which ones?  For example...Obama was kind of for gay marriage, then against it, then for it...  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/may/11/barack-obama/president-barack-obamas-shift-gay-marriage/  And exactly how do YOU decide who is "more Christian"?
In the case of two different bakers being asked to use their artistic talents  to design and decorate a cake in a way that they objected their artistic talents be utilized for, the Colorado Civil Rights Division apparently (and hypocritically) ruled both ways in order to favor (discriminate FOR) the gay and pro-gay community.  - While ruling that one baker could - could - decline to decorate a cake in an anti-gay way, it ruled that another baker could not decline to decorate a cake in a pro-gay way. That is discrimination FOR one group of people. And it invoked the "right" of one to decline his artistic talents to be bought and paid for in a way that he personally objected to.....while declining the "right" of another to do the exact same thing. - Does everyone who offers his or her services as a painter, graphic art designer, cake decorator, photographer, etc have to "sell" their artistic services to design and produce "professional art work" that is pro-KKK and anti-gay? Yes or no.
'So the new government will not tolerate BLM, ANTIFA, Feminist, or Gays."     Nor will they tolerate A media that isn't in 100% lockstep with the recreation of the USSR!
The prison system takes responsibility for an inmate's healthcare.  The question seems to come down to medical necessity.  Healthcare professional organizations in the USA overwhelmingly support transgender treatments for Gender Dysphoria.
You seem to miss the point: Imago Dei members - at least if they have integrity with the publicly stated beliefs their Conservative Baptist denomination - feel same-sex couples are unworthy of marriage in the eyes of God, and that such marriages are a cause of "grief" and "mourning". Similarly, they consider women unworthy of church leadership.   Yes, as a church in the USA, you and your fellow Imago Dei members can believe whatever you choose. But, you shouldn't act surprised when others treat you as poorly as your church treats women and LGBTQ people.
The comment is highest rated because most of the people on here are boomers who "want their Canada back." Of course, this is code for their desire to return to the sixties when they didn't have to deal with immigrants, gays, women's rights, climate change etc etc.  Whine. Whine. Oh why can't things just be like they used to be. Invoking the name of the vulgarian President-Elect is most relevant because that is where Canada is headed also, as evidenced here.
Sorry to disappoint you Jim, but for a Sacrament to be valid, it requires correct form and correct matter.   Women will never be validly ordained to the priesthood, not because the ceremony is wrong, not because they are not very Holy people, but they are the wrong 'matter' (Not men).   You cannot baptize someone with Oil (wrong matter), even if the exact correct phrases are used, because Baptism requires water (correct matter).    You cannot Anoint someone to Confirmation with Dirt, because it requires Consecrated Oil.   you know where I'm going with this.   A sacramental marriage never takes place between two women or two men, because to have a sacramental marriage, it requires one unmarried man and one unmarried woman.   This IS the teaching of the Church, feel free to disagree and go elsewhere, as you already have, and say whatever the heck you want.   Your Homosexual partnership will never be a Sacramental marriage, regardless of who officiates and what words the person uses.
Jeff Merkley even found time to chime in.  Amazing, thought he was too busy working on LGBTQ issues and entitlements.
Hate to tell you this but gender dysphoria is not something that can be "cured".  It's impossible to align a transgendered individual's mind with their body.  Any treatment has to be physical.  Just so you know, in a number of states it's actually illegal to subject a minor to so called "conversion therapy".  Also known as "reparative therapy" that's a catchall term for any treatment that is intended to change an individual's gender identity or sexual orientation.  It doesn't work and is actually harmful.  If in doubt, google "Leelah Alcorn".  Fact is, male and female brains are different.  They are composed of different types of cells and they think with different parts of the brain.  That's why certain types of head injuries affect men and women differently.  All fetuses start out as female and it's hormones in the womb that masculinize the boys.  Thing is, the genitals are masculinized at a different stage of pregnancy than the brain.  Means that sometimes there is a mismatch.
I doubt if the imaginary sky-being that JT 'worships', is one that hates homosexuals, hates gay-marriage, believes there's a lake of fire for homosexuals later. But the radicals supporting scheer do so. So I'm as certain as you that it's a different zeus than yours and theirs.
As the Monty Python school of theology underscored "Every sperm is sacred" there is no way the RCC will accept gay relationships as equal to hetero. The sperm will never connect with an egg, unless in in vitro fertilization which for the RCC is a no-no. This anti-gay position is ironic given the RCC is the last & largest closet of gay members left in western society.  The RCC & Islam are ecumenical with one another in the being anti-gay, and maintaining hierarchy of male clergy.  How many female imams? This article pleads for inclusion politely.  Politeness is not a convincing argument, nor reason with the RCC.  It's a power ideology that is the MO imperative. No matter how polite this article wouldn't see the light of day in the other NCR!
Elaine, tell me if you agree with me? NCR always seems to write its editorials for a very small audience: Very liberal people who have left the Church or who are at extreme odds with the Church and Her authentic teachings. We should all acknowledge something NCR refuses to accept: the Universal Church is now growing by leaps and bounds in the southern and eastern hemispheres of our globe, and these areas are even more conservative on moral and theological issues (albeit liberal on economic matters) than most Western religious conservatives. Which Western, mainstream conservatives have called for the imprisonment of gays? None that I know of. However, several RC bishops in the developing world have supported those efforts in their own countries. European and American liberals no longer matter; the power now resides elsewhere, and Holy Father Francis has accelerated this change due to his recent appointments "from the peripheries" to the College of Cardinals.
Just wondering how it's possible that the military spends only $8.4 million for annual costs for transgender medical coverage. Even at the low end, divided by 2,500 comes to only $3,200 per person; at the high end 7,000 comes to only $1,200 per person annually. That's extremely low. Perhaps the military should take over medical coverage for the entire civilian population if they are able to provide medical coverage for such a low figure. Either that, or the numbers are wrong.
It is a state issue, California has similar guidelines but no strict legal requirement for charter or private schools for example. It was cheeky of Obama to leverage title IX into transgender issues but like any executive affirmation, it can be just as easily undone.
I've made this very same point but probably for different reasons.  Adultery is adultery is adultery whether it's serial monogamy or concurrent polygamy or gay marriage.  The Church can make up all the legal loopholes it wants, but in the end our sexual morality needs to be based in relational and not sexual dynamics.  We will get there some day, but not while this pope is in charge.  For Francis it's still men rule, women breed.  Hail Mary.
How nice. But how many of these Ordinaries have recalled their primary duties of edifying, sanctifying, and governing by denying Holy Communion to elected officials--or anyone for that matter-- who support infanticide or homosexual "marriage"?
Rights decisions are not made by the majority.  They are made when individuals are aggrieved by the majority.  You are trying to have it both ways.  Anti-segregation laws included miscegenation, which Loving v. Virginia overturned and which case was the foundation stone for Perry.  It only took a century to overwhelm the bigoted majority.  It has been done so thoroughly that, unlike race (where reactionary cops still mess with and sometimes slaughter black people), gay rights will mostly stand (and not even cake bakers can stop them),
Well, Alceste, it doesn't disciminate per se.  It just doesn't allow people to have sex outside of marriage.  Any LGBTQ person is welcome to be a student, although I don't see why they would want to be (or frankly anyone else).   Presumably we can all control our sexual urges  -- certainly the law expects us to be able to.  TWU also expects heterosexual non-married persons to refrain -- so that is the largest group that the statement "discriminates" against.  Assuming that you buy into the idea that sexual interaction is a necessary part of sexual identity, then you can get to where you are and no doubt many people, including certain members of the SCC buy into that argument.  The real issue here, however, is about balancing rights.   Where the LSUC overstepped its bounds was that it did not adhere to its statutory duty to uphold the law as it stands -- the law on this "as it stands" is pretty clear.  See the Teachers case.   Perhaps the SCC will change that, we'll see.
Sounds like someone doesn't have any gay friends or has never hung out with them on a night drinking.  Best believe they can tell a raunchy joke and know how to laugh at a raunchy joke.  No points for you trying to PC-police anyone today.
Your comment makes sense if you ignore the mainstream Republican view of the LGBTQ community and if you dismiss the anti-transgender legislation proposed and enacted by them.
Exactly! Mayor Hancock with another program that reinforces the fact he, Chief White, and City Council Members haven't been doing their jobs. "Safe places" only for LGBT? Not for Denver's children or elderly or persons with disabilities or anyone being viciously assaulted. Of course, sexual orientation isn't an immutable characteristic. Guess how many people walking down the street are bisexual or celibate or asexual or fill in the blank?  Another contrived victim status that ensures that 95% of Denver citizens are ignored.
Where do you draw the line??? Just because someone "claims"' transgendered issues. Doesn't make it so. Trust your kids to be safe, what if you are not around??  All you are doing is increasing the chance that something bad might happen, not will. I always believed parents protected their children, verses exposing them to harm. That's where we part ways. Roll the dice... what could go wrong??
To continue.  <<Because they support homosexuality as a valid expression of sexuality and want to promote and enforce this through the State.>>  The left recognizes homosexuality as a natural expression of sexuality and supports equality for all citizens under the law regardless of sexual orientation or identification. I assume by "promotion" you refer to tolerance of sexual difference in the public schools, but since you opted for melodrama I can't be sure.  You wrote:  <<Because they support the ideology of transgenderism and want this validated by the State.>>  Transgenderism isn't an ideology; it appears to be a neurobiological condition. Again, the Left supports equal rights under the law for all citizens.  <<Because all of the above harms children and the common good.>>  This is opinion, not fact. Divorce can certainly have distressing effects on children. I await the GOP and their house organ the USCCB's crusade to outlaw divorce.
As English, the author doesn't understand the huge difference between the English/Americans and French Canadians. These want a separation religion/state.  For the English/Americans, religion is more important than this separation.  The English/Americans rightists want to impose their beliefs (Israel, abortion, gays, God bless Canada, the rejection of science).  The English/Americans lefties want to impose a diverse religiosity show among the servants of the State.
Unfortunately, with the court cases, this will hurt the gay agenda more than it helps because it will set a court precedence that you don't have to abide by someone else's standard because its a "public" business as some have said, even though it is privately owned and just operating under certain laws to protect the overall well being of society instead of the few. The owner still has the right to do with his business what he pleases as the government does not own it and this will make discrimination easier because of their short sightedness. Additionally, the ruling was good because who the heck wants the government running all the businesses? I don't want to be filling out triplicate form and waiting in line for 5 hours just to get a big mac.
If I was aware of it I probably would, but had no idea this was occurring, as most Christians. There are enough problems within the Church here in Eugene to deal with and everywhere else in this country. Most (including myself to a large degree) are not plugged into the global scene. Homosexuals have a right to live their lives as they choose, it does not mean it is "right", but they do have a right to do as they please.
Don't forget about Ritz calling the Liberals pro-sharia. The Conservatives definitely showed their true colours today, and why I went with the Progressive Canadian party a Red Tory party. If the Conservatives split hopefully people on the right wing will become centre-right and will  become moderate Tories, progressive, tolerant, and for women's rights and the rights of gays and trans people.
franco prairie, why do you insist on calling people you don't like "gender fluid"?  Do you think that using homophobic insults convinces anyone to adopt your point of view?
Superficially, makes  perfect sense.  But in the context of a priest's necessary role as a kind of marriage counselor, in an organization that only honors heterosexual unions?   Not so much, imho.  Being gay (in the way specified by the church) does matter, because a gay priest has to pretend to be something he's not.   That's practicing falsehood, and it has to matter in more ways than one.  There is also the gay priest's relationship with other priests.      I have a friend who is a college sociology professor and an off-the- charts liberal on everything.  He is all for gay rights, but noted, from his experience, that the dynamics of group relationships changed when he was the only straight guy (in a group experience where everyone else was a gay male).    In other words, he had observed the same thing that countless straight young men had observed in seminary -- when a significant # of gay men are present, the culture of the seminar is altered.
Because JPII placed no importance on his episcopal appointees' being Catholic. America's fantastic wealth has meant that American bishops have, for decades, chosen their own successors. This is why so many dioceses, e.g., Boston, have had homosexual ordinaries for as long as 120 years, while other dioceses have had a long series of Catholics.
So be the world's foremost leader in championing for homosexuals everywhere.  Who's stopping you?  But why do you always need to frame Canada stepping up to the plate because America under Donald Trump won't? Be a beacon of light for homosexuals everywhere in all there various forms but do it as the proud country you are rather than imply the only reason you're doing it is because the U.S. has withdrawn from the world, leaving  Canada to finally provide its own national defense and set its own foreign policy. Forcing your doctrine down the throats of cultures who want no part of this seems to be a bit of overstretching your bounds but you seem to think its your right and your destiny to change cultures all over the world to your norms so go for it but of course do it on your own.
Which military commander is saying that transsexuals are good for the military?  Name one.
I belonged to a active vibrant Episcopal congregation for 2-3 years.  Both the rector (a middle-aged man) and assistant rector (a middle-aged woman) were long married.  When one was unavailable (for a long or short period of time), the other filled in.  Also, there is The Vestry in The EC -- so neither the rector nor assistant rector can be dictators.  I remember often thinking it was too bad that I'd never belonged to any RC parish that was as alive as this EC parish. ////  A beautiful and yet humorous story:  in my city, there was an EC rector who was gay, and his lover was now dying from AIDs.  The rector took his lover into his home, and he and some parish members helped nurse the dying man until he passed away.  It wasn't until after the lover died that the rector found out that his congregation had always known that he was gay -- and they never cared.  They just loved him and cared for him and, in the end, for his lover too.  Nothing like this will ever happen in a RC parish.
I guess I'll go with freedom since the current version is lacking.  Sad because it has so much potential!  Alright your turn : If bigots were able to outlaw homosexuality would you support it since it is the law?
I believe this shooter is a guy who prides himself as being a lady's man,  and recently another man made a pass at him, and this is his revenge against the gay community. Anyone can call 9-1-1 and claim this event was in the name of ISIS.  I think the motive for this runs much deeper than the easy go-to motive of Islamic terrorism. This individual strikes me as a person struggling with his sexuality, much like the UC Santa Barbara college shooter did.
Bishop Paprocki speaks of same sex marriage causing scandal in the Church. How scandalized must the Church be by a priest who forces people in need of the sacraments, in need of teaching, and in need of the love of Christ out of Christ's Church.
The Knights are regrettable part of the pro-life fundraising scam (especially the inaptly named Susan B. Anthony Fund, which gave us the House Freedom Caucus and all the damage it has done) and the movement to keep gays on the margins in the Church, a battle that they will lose. Their compensation package is quite capitalist. I suspect their leader takes home more than the Holy Father. They are quite clear about anyone who is pro-choice not being welcome in their ranks. I won’t be following my late father into the Knights and because of the paranoia of Pope Pius IX and others about secret societies, I won’t be following my maternal grandfather into the Masons. No rituals and funny hats for me. From what I see, most knights are older than I am, and I am not young, so they may soon be the stuff of history. I am sure they were overjoyed at the election of Trump, but they have to be having buyer’s remorse if they are at all sane.
Interesting note: Number of sexual offenses perpetrated by a transgender person in a bathroom nationally in the last decade: 0 Number of sexual offenses perpetrated by priests in a church in the last decade: literally hundreds.  Whats interesting is statistically, and from national trends covering this topic, odds are the people that are most strongly for this initiative are religious, and likely actively participate in church and send their kids there. No petition though to ban the priests though.
Let us pray that these African Christians do not say anything to upset NCR's staff and readership regarding Western indoctrination on the subject of gay marriage.
In a nation that is forming legislation on transgendered issues based on junk science that cant stand the test of open, objective debate and even goes so far as to make that debate illegal and punishable, I find Trudeaus talking points on this to be blatantly false. He means hes not being influenced...at the moment. You can only fit so many puppeteer hands up there at one time...
"I’m wondering if you’d feel differently if he had refused to make a swastika shaped cake for a pair of neo-Nazis?" =========== A lot of posts have "who" is "protected" and "what" is "not protected" completely confused.....but that is how dishonest people make their point: By causing confusion. - Gays are a "protected class" of people; neo-Nazis aren't. But The Baker did not refuse to serve either one. He only declined the use of his "art work" to create something he found offensive. And it wasn't the "gays" in general he found offensive; it was the "art work" they wanted him to create. - In other words, it was the "art work" that The Baker found to be offensive, not the "customer." Gays, neo-Nazis, Hillary Clinton, and even Trump are welcome in his store. But any "art work" they might want him to create might not be.  - Thus the question remains and remains valid: "I’m wondering if you’d feel differently if he had refused to make a swastika shaped cake for a pair of neo-Nazis?"
Where to begin with the Trump tweet? In no particular order...  1) You don't announce major policy changes by way of social media. Utterly crass. 2) Current transgendered people in the armed forces were blindsided and left vulnerable to harassment. 3) It was actually two tweets, sent ten minutes apart. A policy announcement with a cliffhanger. You can't make this stuff up, folks! 4) It's disrespectful for Trump to refer to the nation's leading military advisers as "my" generals, as if they're his personal property. Especially when... 5) ...they didn't advise him! The generals were as surprised by this as everybody else.  The nation is being led by a temperamental child with a phone and no impulse control. I truly do worry about the man's sanity.
I have always had faith in my government -  the Government of Canada, -  regardless of what party is in power.  I believe the Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, has the safety of Canadians at heart. This was also true of Stephen Harper.  Now is not the time for bickering, squabbling, nitpicking, and complaining or vitriolic name calling.  Now is the time for all Canadians, new or old, to unite in the best interest of the country.  Nothing of any consequence can be achieved without unity.  Racism, xenophobia, Islamophobia, homophobia, and religious intolerance are not Canadian values.  The virtues of compassion, understanding, empathy, and service to others are Canadian values.  I am not a fainting robin or any derogatory term by which you wish to trivialize me.  I support this charter and wish the prime minister success.
Police participation in the Pride events in recent years was a sign of the reconciliation between police and the LGBTQ community after many, many years of conflict and mistrust. However, Black Lives Matter folks don't like to see reconciliation. They'll block it if they can. They blocked last year's Pride parade in Toronto, right after the massacre of homosexuals in Orlando. That showed how little BLM care about other minorities that are suffering discrimination, hatred, and murder. I think we should promote reconciliation. Let the Police and the LGBTQ groups celebrate Pride together. The BLM and Police communities should do their best to reconcile too, but not by blocking other peace efforts.
Entering into a same-sex marriage is NOT to reject the Catholic faith ("faith" is not capitalized).
"neo_nazis are not a protected class under Colorado law. Gays are." ========= Isn't that rather.....condescending....to gays that they have to be a "protected class" of people?  - Besides, man-made laws are always subject to change by mankind. And even man-made laws are subject to being overturned by mankind.....especially with a 5-4 vote of 9 "dictators for life."
In Germany in the early thirties, there were bishops who cozied up to Hitler because he was so "moral" -- he was fiercely against abortion and homosexuality, and was a very strong supporter of the patriarchal family structure.   This problem of a few issues superseding all else is nothing new, and history shows us where that can lead.
Whose rights trumps whose? The majority - women who wish to be comfortable as women without men in their midst (probably because they'll be walking around naked from time to time) - or those feel like they're women but have male bodies who want to join the women at the spa.  Spas - like gyms - are places where you undress in a kind of casual intimacy with relative strangers.  I can see why women may be uncomfortable by transgender people with male genitalia - for them, it's some man invading their private preserve.  Unfortunate for the transgender person, but should the rights of the majority really be taken away to accommodate the rights of the tiny minority?
The only reason Reality-TV buffoons like Trump are possible in politics today is because the Conservative movement has destroyed the intellectual immune system that is necessary to resist grifters. For 30 years Conservative carnival barkers have been stirring up ideological hysteria and convincing an audience of true believers that their vote and small-dollar donations could fend off union bosses, abortionists, immigrants, elites and gays. The carnival barkers get rich, they get to vote for clownish politicians who accomplish nothing.   Now Trump and his Cabinet of deplorables wiil take the grifting and scamming to unimaginable heights. His supporters are doing back flips to justify Trump's flipflops because they can't admit they've been had.
Would it be right if a bakery owned by a homosexual denied a request to make a cake that stated something to the effect of "Homosexual behavior is sinful"?
Polarity on display.  Essentially what you are saying is:  I am not being divisive but you are because you don't agree with me.  How about recognizing the possibility that people of good will can disagree on particular points while both seeking to know and love God as Catholics?  The definition of a Catholic is not as one dimensional as you seem to think.  There are tens of millions of Catholics who go to mass each Sunday, participate in the sacraments, and believe that artificial birth control is the right choice for themselves and/or their spouses, the civil gay marriage is an important civil right, etc.  Understanding unfolded bit by bit, over centuries.  And as we learn more about ourselves, our history, and about the universe, are we to not question and update what we can now understand?  When did we come to know it all and be perfect in that understanding?  Are we God Himself to claim such - or are we all fallible human beings?
An important article about racial hate crimes in Hawaii appeared in the Fall 2009 Southern Poverty Law Center  quarterly magazine "Intelligence Report"  SPLC nearly always focuses on hate crimes where the victims are blacks, jews, and gays; and the perpetrators are white supremacists, neo-Nazi skinheads, or Ku Klux Klan  But this SPLC article showed that unlike on the mainland, most of the hate crimes in Hawaii are directed against Caucasians.  And then, feeling a need to cater to its overwhelmingly leftwing readership, a separate SPLC article "blamed the victim" by providing a justification for anti-white hate crimes, citing historical grievances for the overthrow of the monarchy.  Sort of like blaming a woman for being raped, because she was wearing a short skirt.  See webpage  "Anti-Caucasian Racial Hate Crimes in Hawaii -- Southern Poverty Law Center brings the issue to national awareness in a flawed but valuable Intelligence Report article" at http://tinyurl.com/kkpf74
Except that the DUP is opposed to same-sex marriage and LGBT rights - how else would you describe them, but as 'homophobic nationalists'? As for UKIP (a party known to oppose foreigners and immigration), when one considers that one of their candidates has just defected due to what he calls the extremism and racism in the party, and less than three weeks ago, another parliamentary candidate was suspended for sending a series of racist tweets calling Africans “animals” and questioning whether the Holocaust was 'bad', I would suggest that referring to them as a 'ghastly, racist nationalist party' was being far too kind.  Though to be fair, the words I would use to describe them would not be fit for print!
Fully agree with this ^   Riders, whether they agree with my political stances or not, are undemocratic. In this case, they literally tried to attach language about LGBT in a military spending appropriation. Even if I agree or disagree with the amendment, it's still a scummy practice.
Love is probably the most misused idea in the history of man.    Jesus basically said that ONLY the love of God allows you and me to get the sanctifying grace to expand the boundaries of our natural self-love and self-interest so that we can learn to love our neighbor.  The term 'Neighbor' here is used in the most expansive sense of the word to include our spouses and the rest of our nuclear and extended families, our neighbors, and strangers near and far.    Any other type of love is a relationship of some kind of convenience or dependence.    Note, for example, the 4 sins that cry to the heavens for vengeance:  homicide, homosexuality, oppression of the weak and the poor, and the oppression of workers.  The first 2 (homicide and homosexuality) involve loving God in terms of following his commandments obediently.  The last 2 (oppression of the weak and the poor, and the oppression of workers) involve loving your neighbor, again in the most expansive sense of the word 'neighbor'.
This article is ridiculous. "Not one jazz bar, biker bar, gay bar or blues joint are Coloradans free to congregate and enjoy their lifestyle with others like them. The law keeps people apart." How?? Are gay people not meeting up because of smoking laws? People who enjoy jazz? Last I checked, a number of bars still allow outside or designated areas for smoking. What is Jon talking about here?  "By state law new housing developments are basically required to have homeowner associations even if you don’t want one." This isn't even true. It's up to the developer if they enforce their development with an HOA, and too many of them choose to do so. The homebuyer can still choose if he wants to be saddled with one, and faces the consequences if he buys in such a development. The only way to stop HOA's is, ironically, government intervention-- otherwise, Jon's railing against the free market deciding if it wants an HOA or not.
Instead of restrooms, we'll only have porta potties installed.  Problem solved.  Transgender friendly restrooms.
Bernie Sanders, Keith Ellison, Nancy Pelosi, Barbara Lee, Diana DeGette, Jim McDermott, Maxine Waters, Dick Durbin, Tammy Baldwin … to name a handful in congress.  When have they ever moved on a key principle – abortion and gay marriage, to name a couple of the hotter buttons – to forge some manner of compromise? Spoiler alert: never.  Obamacare had some degree of compromise. It wouldn’t have gotten enough Democrat votes without some movement on the details. Clearly full-blown socialized medicine wouldn’t have come close, and even socialized-medicine-lite didn’t get a single GOP vote. But guaranteed the above mentioned names would have voted for the broader issue. It’s a key principle for them.  (One more time, just because one might be conservative and Heritage may lean conservative, doesn’t mean conservatives must agree with Heritage on all things. That is patently silly. To the extent Heritage had an idea similar to Obamacare, they were wrong. Oh, and nice racist drop.)
Whenever I read articles like this my reaction is "the pot is calling the kettle black".  As a point of counter humor, when will the human rights record of the middle east come to Canada?  Soon, I expect, then we can get past worrying about what women, gays, and religious minorities think.
The village troll began picking fights early on by writing prickly letters to the RG mail room in the 70's. Targeting "heathens", civil rights, Dr Martin Luther King, etc., it's then on to the RG forum he's been kicked off of twice for tasteless comments about women, people with disabilities, people of color, non-christians, teachers and of course, the LGBT community. Relax, the outbursts of hysterical howling and cackling laughter are typical.
"The DOJ’s decision to support Phillips is the latest in a series of steps the Trump administration has taken to rescind Obama administration positions favorable to gay rights and to advance new policies on the issue."  This has nothing to do with being favorable to, or against, gay rights. It's about allowing those involved in the free market to decide what services they choose to offer, and which clients they choose to deny services to. In a world where a man can choose to marry another man, a man can choose to not make or sell a cake to celebrate it. Now that's freedom.
Not the same as being gay, just having alter boys more at hand. Hopefully the modern number is small enough that the sample is small too. There are no reports of Vatican abuse, where the Lavender Mafia has its turf.
Gay men were the vanguard of fighting for marriage rights but the three small pictures in the Globe headline were all of lesbians and the main picture for the article showcases lesbians not gay men. A little bit oif bias there Globe and Mail? And I say "gay men"  because the term "gay" which had been the popular term for homosexual males has been appropriated to mean homosexuals of any sex, so there is not any term meaning homosexual men anymore. Was it deemed too dangerous for men to have their own label (like lesbians) or was the hard work that gay men did fighting for marriage rights just usurped by others wanting the credit?
Agreed, but that's just it, Richard: the previous administration's repeated erosion of our armed forces through countless social experiments like transgender "integration" was just about that: feelings. The PC zealots and Leftist neo-Marxists in the previous administration thought with their feelings-- and the operational readiness of our forces suffered because of it.
That is silly. As I said, he does not have to do that.  He agreed to abide by the law in writing and he refused to do so.  That is not an honorable man.  Again, what religion is it that says you can not bake a cake for a gay wedding? See, we can both ask silly questions.  He is making up his own religion. If the court decides that is legal, we can all do what ever we want and just call it religion. Again, for the 57th time, religion does not allow anyone to discriminate.   Want to argue about the literal definition of "discrimination" some more?
Re: "My own view is that pre-pubescent children haven't the intellectual or emotional capacity to know for certain what gender they want to be"  You are, of course, entitled to your "own view". I just wish it were based in facts instead of conjecture.  Twenty years ago, the Belgian film "Ma Vie en Rose" portrays a kid who knew at the age of 7.  I'm gay, not trans, but I knew I was attracted to boys at the age of 5.   I encourage you to read some of the stories of families whose children knew at a very young age and hear their heart-breaking stories.
My point was that Tea Party Republicans principle was to not compromise on any issue. Your analysis of Democrat and Republican principles is correct.  I don't expect Democrats or Republicans to change their minds on their principles without thoughtful reflection, as most Americans did on gay marriage as an example.  I do hope that both parties will respect the other sides values and work to find common ground.  Tea Party Republicans in particular have refused to do even that much.
Well I did put them to screen , why don't you ask her ? Why would a person claim to be bisexual unless it weren't monogamous or polygamist, you are entitled to your opinions as I am mine, isn't that the "scientific" way ?   And I am sorry you are so baffled SD, You will find my thinking is not uncommon with the mainstream of America. Farewell.
Fr Martin is a grand fellow and I like him very much. But the Church would show prophetic vision in dialoguing with Charamsa who is himself gay and who has revealed the corruption within the CDF. Talking about dialogue with gays and cleaning up corruption means very little when you just squat anyone who speaks out of line.
If it is outdated and corrupt should we not help to modernize it and help it get rid of the evil of corruption by demanding it do so? This business of forcing people to "repent" if they want to participate in religious rites is bribery because gays do not consider themselves sinners nor do others who are discriminated against by the Fundamentalist Catholic religion and its clergy. During WWII, starving Jews in Europe were only given food by Christian Missionaries, if they agreed to convert. Otherwise they were left to starve to death. This is an example of extreme cruelty caused by religious discrimination of the worst kind.
The right is about NOT controlling anyone, the left is always about that, and wynne has been about controlling all parts of our society with her gay agenda etc, she is not center anything. man wake up to reality! Given the never ending incompetence and corruption from the liberals over the last decade, there is a clear choice in ontario DONT VOTE LIBERAL
Don't blow smoke up my tail it's just about cost savings.  Quoting his exact tweet:  "...cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs AND DISRUPTION that transgender in the military would entail. ..."  Stop lying.  Classify the procedure as cosmetic and then it won't be paid for.  The military doesn't provide cosmetic surgery services.  Then, you'd have transgenders who serve because they WANT to serve.  Pretty simple.  Of course Trump doesn't understand that because he's a draft-dodging coward.  Curious why you like supporting a draft-dodging coward.  BTW, they estimate the military would spend something like $8.4 million a year if they provided transgendered services.  We just spent something like $1.1 trillion on that joke Iraq Invasion, which is 130 times more costly.  If Trump REALLY wanted to save money, he'd be pulling troops from the middle east and not keep supplying arms and training over there.
Many and possibly most Catholics, like myself, believe the church's views shouldn't dictate government policy. In an essentially secular Western country, the state has an obligation to be neutral on contentious social matters and to govern on the basis of rational impartiality. Personally, I believe that moral questions like gay marriage and abortion that do not intersect with criminality should be left to individuals to decide. If people want to subscribe to a religious interpretation to govern their own behavior, that's entirely their right as long as their views and actions don't interfere with the rights of others. Immigration policy should be governed by Canada's economic needs as well as the capacity of individual immigrants to adapt and I suspect very few Catholics would disagree with me on this.
"I don’t know how many gay people met violence or death as a result of the hate rhetoric with the lies that evoke violence–even death–in my gay tribe."  I've read most of these comments, and this one sentence seems to best sum up the Prevo's negative contribution to our progressive society. He has committed a continuing philosophical hate crime of words on the LGBT community. There is no doubt that some of the sheep in Prevo's flock have been inspired to denigrate LGBT individuals after hearing his anti-gay speech. This shall forever be his legacy, in my eyes. Like ISIS rhetoric inspires sympathizers worldwide to harm innocents, this anti-gay hate rhetoric shrouded as exercise of religious freedom inspires kooks in this country to harm gays. It stretches the limits of freedom of speech, but unfortunately the Supreme Court doesn't agree with me. I'd like to see him locked up in a prison where the new guy always gets raped. Then Prevo, as a christian, can turn them the other cheek.
Why did it take the Liberals  over 12 months to ban asbestos imports into Canada?  Certainly Justin had time to deal with his pet issues like transgenders, gay pride parades and Syrian refugees, but was happy to leave Canadians exposed to asbestos for 12 months longer than they should have been.
Uh--the Church does worry about adulterous straight men and women.  Ever hear of the fact that divorced and remarried Catholics are not eligible to receive Communion?  Yeah--the Church takes a lot of heat for that too--or did you forget that?  I am sure you have also heard of the Church's stance on pre-marital sex, etc.  The Church takes a lot of heat for that too.    My point: the Church DOES worry about straight men or women adulterers--not just homosexuals.  While we are on the subject, I would argue that it isn't God or the Church that is hung up on sex. It is the liberal, secular, atheistic, humanistic society called America that is hung up on sex.  Americans eat, breath and drink sex--then they have the audacity to tell the Church that the Church is hung up on sex?
The numbers game is rather obscene. Let's just say that the demonization and taboo-ization of homosexuality has had deeply deleterious effects, very comparable to those produced by an equally mistaken and hateful church discourse on Jews. As to stds, don't forget that in absolute terms the humber of non-homosexuals who have died from them is vast -- consider the death toll from syphilis historically, or from Aids worldwide today.
I liked his apology.  He admitted that being gay is a choice.
I think context is important. No one is advocating stopping gay people from dining at a restaurant. But if you make someone bake a cake for a gay wedding, you are forcing the baker to celebrate something that goes against their religious convictions, that's another story altogether.
Really, you should stop making up "facts" - you have never offered a true one concerning me yet.  Tell me.  When Cardinal Tobin welcomed that delegation of LGBT folks to Newark...you were happy, right?  The media and many here made a great deal of it...then?  He was interviewed and said he will always support and agreed with the teachings of the Church.  Does that show "fear and loathing" too?  Is he a homophobe?
BLM is a hate group.   Why should gay pride be hijacked by this group. Gay pride is a good thing and the pride parades have done a lot to support gay people. If BLM wants to have an event without including everyone, let them have it.  (Oops, sorry, they already have that and it is called a mob demonstration.)  Seriously though, as a gay man I don't want what we have worked so hard for to be denigrated by others.  If you don't like our thing, then go create your own.  Don't bring us down to your own level.  Oh, and stop with the identify politics already.  Why does the author think the gay community has to fit a definition of her liking.  People like her cause division.  Gay pride is about being inclusive.  Let the identify politics people and dividers go somewhere else.
Try to follow along, Hot Tub Joe.  I didn't bring up gays.  Burey did, seven hours ago.
The bishops want religious power. They like the idea of states being the final word on equal protection under law, which is what happens if gay marriage and or abortion are overturned by the Supremes.  Of course, they won’t get it as Scalia was the last and only justice that shared this view.
WHat is behind him?  LGBT NAN?
The vast majority of Americans are centrists and remain so. Both parties keep moving further left or right to capture some small demographic group or try and divide us over a small issue. Gun control, abortion, gay rights, etc.... Most Americans care more about a lot of other much more important things. And while the legislators and media  keep you focused on that they screw all of us in other ways. The parties act like they do not have a clue, but they do and it is DIVIDE AND CONQUER. Reagan's trickle down was a complete failure. The idea was reasonable and believable. The reality was it "trickled down" all the way to China, exported pollution and jobs and the money never came back as promoted. Can't negotiate drug prices. Must buy health insurance. People realize the health care industry is badly broken. They know requiring everyone to buy into a broken system will not fix it. Wash. DC is not working for you and me. When your toilet will not flush think corporate tax break. .
I may be for the rights of transgendered, but I do not think our tax payers should pay for their surgeries.  If you feel like you are another sex, they should pay the bill on their own as it is cosmetic.  What's next?  Our soldiers will soon want hair or breast implants paid for because it's mean spirited and discriminatory that some others naturally have hair or bigger ones than others and they want the same.  Love this D party of entitlements.  Again, nothing against LGBTs, I just think that they should pay for their procedures on their own as it is cosmetic.  Don't have the money?  Save up for it like everyone else does for cosmetic or finer things in life.
There is no issue to avoid. Were it not for the fact that there is vociferous LBGT lobby in the West, there would be no discussion at all.  I’ve been through this exact drill for decades. The rabbis were wrong, the early Church wrong, everyone got it wrong until really really smart people found the mistake. Thus your cohort's ""there is no such think as 'the' natural law".  In reality the moral content of the Old Testament carried over into the NT except where specifically corrected, e.g., Mark 6-12. This included prohibitions against murder, incest, fornication, bestiality, homosexual relations, and so on. The Natural Law, which the rabbis identified but used other terminology in describing, remained intact.  Because the Church’s teaching rests on two pillars - Scripture and Tradition - that “Jesus ... never spoke of it” is irrelevant.  Jesus' audience was Jews, and they did not need to be instructed that marriage consisted of one man and one woman.
Despite their protestations to the contrary politicians approach every decision they make with a single, question? Will this get me more or less votes?   This sociopathic focus in aggregate is tested every 4 years.  It's sad to see long term ideas for the greater good torpedoed by selfish politicians whom history will forget.   Being the first LGBT Premier is her legacy - she missed the opportunity to do better than just that.
Just where did Father go to seminary? Was he not taught the sins of detraction or calumny? With the exception of the his position on homosexual issues, Mr. Trump's philosophy is strikingly {traditional} Catholic. His opposition to free trade and overly greedy capitalism nicely reflects the Church's teaching re distributism and RERUM NOVARUM. His philosophy on smaller, leaner, more localized governance is textbook subsidiarity. And his immigration plan closely tracks Aquinas' views. He has spoken powerfully on protecting life in the womb, condemned the anarchy that has recently filled our streets {see property owners in Ferguson, Baltimore, and Berkley}, and restored confidence in our law enforcement officers whom the previous administration appeared to hold in utter contempt. Is Mr. Trump without flaws, of course not. He is arrogant, not particularly articulate, and is occasionally prone to fibbing ( as opposed to the pathological liar Hillary Clinton}. But so far, he's been "Catholic"
Are you seriously denying  the Church teaches that abortion and acts of sodomy {hetero and homo sexual} are mortals sins? Even the all too often modernist JPII catechism teaches that much. Indeed, Holy Church has ALWAYS taught they are sins which cry to Heaven for vengeance. That's what I mean re "alternative theology". You may not like the teaching, but that IS the teaching.
The natural law question (and sex is all natural law, not dogma, even in Scripture) is whether monogamous gay sex is sinful at all? The Church's recent arguments don't go particularly well in the face of our increasing understanding of homosexuals. Applying your piety to their sexuality is offensive.
I have attended every (Gay) Pride since its inception in 1981. It is now no longer of any value to me because my interests are being deliberately expunged from the event. You are thieves, and stole from us gay men who created it and now you are destroying it. But you will blame me and all the white gay men over 40 for its failure. We can go off and do other things, hold other parties, rent other halls for our own events,   and you will hate us all the more. Guaranteed. 100%.
Excellent question...think about how top military leaders feel about the PResident's edict-by-tweet on transgender recruitment... it's not the content, necessarily, but the cutting of many links in the "chain of command." That would gall them. They MUST be fuming.
So the DUP opposes abortion and gay marriage. Why is it so wrong to discuss these issues? The reason these issues continue to fester in western politics is due to the refusal to allow fulsome and civil debate. I for one would welcome a civilized discussion on these topics with the hope of achieving both compromise and closure.
"What matters most to Hamzat and others in his position is that Canada has once again welcomed people fleeing persecution – in this case, people who were at imminent risk of harm. These people are already in Russia. " In Russia there is no persecution of gays in spite of the claims made in this article. There is legislation protecting children from sexual predators and that is a big difference from the claims made here of anti gay bias.  Canada actively sought these people out and convinced them to come here as Canada's own propaganda operation to discredit Russia and Putin . This is not surprising given that Freedland a rabid anti Russian and Putin hating enforcer. This is just another example of the Trudeau governments insult to Canadians and to the people of Russia wasting resources  while neglecting the legitimate needs and concerns of Canadians all the while doing it in secrecy without any public oversight.
I have made several comments to my friends that Reince Priebus was not to be trusted. They thought I was wrong.  Side note:  As for transgender surgery it costs about 750,000 dollars per person.  Why get health insurance and pay for self when you can join the military for 4 years. Go TRUMP!
I don't have a problem with Canada helping any disenfranchised group anywhere.Especially gays in a Muslim-majority country.I just wonder if Trudeau's motives are purely altruistic or just another underhanded ploy to garner a bigger chunk of the gay vote in 2019?
I think it's great, what a testament human nature.    I voted pro gay marriage in Iowa, an early supporter and glad I did.   Iowa seems to handle it fine.   I'm not sure what I wrote that would make you feel otherwise?
On the home page of Civil Beat's website today there is a picture of a girl is holding a sign which says "Stop Gun Violence & Homophobia Now". What is most disturbing is left-leaning Americans fail to acknowledge this was an act of terrorism first and foremost. Under Islamic law most Muslim led countries have laws in place which criminalize homosexuality to this very day. When Eric Robert Rudolf bombed a gay nightclub it was over 20 years ago when both Democrats, Republicans and an overwhelming majority of Americans opposed gay marriage. Times have changed in America but not for those in Muslim-majority countries.  Now it turns out Mateen may have been gay or bisexual. He allegedly was a regular at the Pulse Nightclub. Homophobia is defined as "irrational fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against homosexuality or homosexuals" It is more appropriate to intellectualize this horrific event as "Jihadism" instead of making this senselessness principally about homophobia & gun control.
Bill, I apologize for not engaging you face-to-face yesterday so that we were able to have this conversation then.    I have been the victim of many many hate crimes in my life for being an out gay woman.  I came out 13 years ago when people like me we're still getting beaten in the streets on a regular basis.    When I saw the anger that you were emitting yesterday I did not feel safe enough to engage with you, even surrounded by so many people. It's very understandable to be passionate about your beliefs but if you really want to engage with people and start a dialogue, I suggest in the future you try to be conscious to not present in such an aggressive manner.    I understand why you're angry, Bill, if what you really do you seek is peace. I hope that it also helps you understand why so many people you witnessed at the rally are also angry. They are fighting for their lives every day.
I like him because he's both fiscally responsible and socially conscious. He wants Americans to live free of "nanny" government as he and his VP Weld put it. I like that he supports gay rights AND gun rights while opposing the irresponsible side of the spending our government does. He's also not a republican or a democrat, which I like. I feel that he can help put an end to, or at least curb, party politics. Madison said that factions are bad for America, and I think he's right. Allowing two parties to be our only voice is damaging. Put a third party in the mix and we might be able to get something done. Especially if that third party represents the best parts of both of our current leading parties.
At least you admit you are basing them on what you were taught rather than being open to new thinking.  Sadly, the Church itself needs to be more open and put the welfare of its gay members before brand identity.
Not involving the issues of religious freedom, abortion or transgenderism.  He has my praise on those subjects.
The Pope is not Catholic enough is an old line. What the trad converts are saying is they were sure that the Church will never change and is somehow protected from error. The opposite is true. The Church has the Holy Spirit, which will prompt it to change when doing so is essential to the survival of the Church. Stubbornness about contraception and gays are not eternal values.  The stories of their latest success have them so entertained. The poverty of Francis is a fascination for its oddity. In the US, we worship success and think executive ability translates to political ability. I suspect that myth has now been destroyed. No more billionaire candidates.
By the same token, some will defend homosexuality by making the argument that the thousands of molested boys were simply victims of lonely heterosexual priests.
So she should teach them to hate gays, and kill people whenever we have a political dispute and to condemn religions other than Christianity, like you want, right? Sounds like some high quality education you are advocating...
For those who don't know, Madison is a wonderful place where LGBTQ persons are accepted and loved, except obviously in the official local Church.  It's going to take an underground network of priests and deacons who will conduct funeral rites for deceased gays and their spouses.  I suspect that is the only way to break this hierarchical hatred.
There is a lot of running around in order to be inclusive...except for bisexuals.....not one sentence in the article about Bi Erasure / BI Invisibility. Does  it  matter for the GLT ignore Bisexuality again.....?
We hierarchs, maybe.  If you rely on teaching and scripture than you are citing authority, not natural law. Natural law discussions are not about scripture.  I have every say in this discussion because I am willing to talk fact, including the facts of scripture which state that the sabbath was made for man, not man for the sabbath.  Piety is not the ground to come from in teaching the moral law - humanity is because the highest piety is the love of man - Jesus suffered on the Cross for it.  As I have been saying, propounding a doctrine on homosexuality that has young adults kill themselves BECAUSE they accept it does not come from God. - Indeed, to drag this back to the subject at hand - the murderer at Pulse committed his tragic murder suicide because he was taught by his religious leaders to be self loathing.  It could have easily been a victim of the Courage apostolate pulling that trigger.
Another trad who conflates and confuses agreed upon law and conscience moral decisions. First - cake maker can legally refuse to decorate a KKK slogan because the law of land supports this - KKK practices racism and discrimination (these are illegal activities) Second - cake maker can NOT legally refuse to serve a gay couple because that gay couple is requesting a legal marriage - it is supported by the law of the land. You may not like that public law but then you need to go through the process to protest, amend, or change that law legally (refusing to serve may be your right but it is also illegal currently).
"But that really wasn't your point. I think you just wanted to remark that some priests and religious might be gay..."  Why, whoever woulda thunk it.
There is truth in experience. Attraction, bonding, affection, and sexual expression can be known through experience to be good, or they can be known through experience to be destructive. The Church's broad brush of labeling relationships does not allow (or postures as not allowing) the truth known through experience to have its say. A gay couple truly in love would have an obstacle with the "disordered" condemnation, just as a heterosexual couple in a monogamous but physically or psychologically abusive relationship would have an obstacle thinking of their relationship as being approved and nondissolvable because it imitates the love of God to humanity. The Church would be well advised to focus on teaching the specifics of what makes attraction, bonding, affection, and sexual expression healthy and constructive so that the experience of people can be informed and made useful. The current mode of retaining condemning language while trying to be welcoming is inconsistent and untenable.
Great.  Don't pay for them.  Just an FYI...when I served, I knew several troops who said one of the main reasons they joined was for the free medical care.  Some had a lot of issues with their teeth, and the military took care of that for them.  So don't think stopping to pay for transgendered procedures will also stop the behavior of going into the military to get free medical care...it won't.
Why I Don't Call Myself Gay is an excellent book by  Daniel Mattson who suffers from SSA. I encourage all to read it who wish to live in Truth.
Well said, but it's a bit difficult for me as a Hillary supporter to agree that Trump "earned Democratic legitimacy" when Clinton won two million more votes than Trump did. As for the moral legitimacy of a Trump administration, well, let's just say he has far to go before he earns that, at least from me.  As for American bishops, I doubt we'll be hearing much from them. As long as Trump gives them what they want in the way of Supreme Court justices, they will look the other way on a whole host of issues that are near and dear to Pope Francis' heart and utter nary a peep in the way opposition, whether it be on the subject of immigration, climate change, income inequality, war, or the refugee crisis in the Middle East. They just don't have it in them to get too excited about anything unless abortion or homosexuality are involved. They've been too attached to the notion that they are Catholics and Republicans to a nearly equal degree. I do not see that changing any time soon, alas.
There can be NO debate on settled Catholic teachings.  What Martin advocates -- the normalization of homosexual relationships -- is an impossibility.  You may as well ask that atheism be considered compatible with Catholicism.  It would be better for all if some of you NCR apostatees simply left the Catholic Church and worked your sinister nonsense in some left-wing Protestant Church that has a life expectancy past 5 years (there might be a few left).  The Catholic Church is not endorsing the moral squalor of San Francisco or the Upper West Side of Manhtatan, so fuhgeddaboutit.  I want to thank those of you who contributed money and time to the CatholicsForTrump campaign last Summer.  We registered over 200,000 mostly-white Catholics in swing states and DEFINITELY impacted Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan.  I hope some of you saw the piece on us on OAN News. We are a growing force in American politics and bigger and better things are ahead for us in 2018 and 2020.
Many of the recent terror attacks inspired by the Islamic State were carried out by homegrown Americans, not refugees fleeing war-torn countries. Marie Henein ---------------------  NOT HOMEGROWN  Boston Marathon bombers - immigrants  Orlando, Florida - gay bar -  June 2016 - Afghan   Chelsea district, Manhattan and New Jersey - Ahmad Khan Rahami  - Sept 19, 2016  Ohio State University student  - he drove a car into a crowd, stabbed people with a butcher knife - police officer shot him dead - Abdul Razak Ali Artan, 18 (he cited radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki.- Nov 28, 2016
For opposing government recognition of same-sex relationships and supporting some of the so-called "bathroom bill" legislation, C.J. would call me a homophobe. I don't fear homosexuals, and I've never used the epithets such as those she mentions in her column, but in labeling me and others as homophobes she is exhibiting bullying behavior much like what she decries.  The column fails to address that women can be homophobic (or have views such as mine that attract such a label from some), and it overlooks that many women voted for Trump. So are these women masculine?
What's the Olympic Committee going to do? Transgender Soccer Mom's have to love it! Bong Hit's For Jesus, a Juneau School District Favorite!
I wasn't thinking of any national figures, rather people right here on this thread. The notion seems to be if you can't get on the bandwagon of marriage equality, you don't deserve to be part of society.  No one has attempted to answer: 1) how anyone - gay or straight - is better off because the state gov has said your marriage rocks. 2) what is wrong with allowing a sub-set of society, call them old fashioned if you like, they won't mind, to define marriage the way it has been defined for thousands of years. And why not keep fighting, this time for polyamorous marriage?
And yet Gay Pride bowed down to them........perhaps PRIDE needs a backbone?
"And when the truth is know, most homosexuals have encountered some form of sexual trama [sic] in their lives."  Any citation of facts to back up that assertion?
What is Ms Stead, a journalist or an actuary?  When "fairness" becomes a mathematical calculation of photographs, we're all in trouble.  News should be about events, not numbers.  Hilary Clinton is more  newsworthy than 10,000 men who go off to dismal little jobs everyday and make no lasting impression on the world.  Donald Trump is more newsworthy than 10,000 breast-feeding women.  Equality should mean equal opportunity, not mathematically-equal numbers of men and women doing the same thing.  And why only men/women?  Why not blondes/brunettes?  Or straight/gays?  Or aboriginal/non-aboriginals?  Or Canadian born/Canadian immigrants?  Who decides which slice-and-dice is to be promoted?
People seem to be worried over who these lads will marry? With the increase in the gay community it will take care of itself.   lol
God creates gay people...they are already "right with God," thank you very much.
Do you think it is a whim for someone to realize he or she is homosexual? That's what you don't seem to get. Nor do you get that having children is not the only reason to marry. Marriage is not only about sex and babies.  You're also wrong about why the government became involved in marriage. It was because marriages were originally property transactions. Wives and the resultant children were considered property.    The Church has the right to decide which couples' marriages it will witness.  (You know of course the Church doesn't marry anyone--couples marry each other, whether gay or straight.)  But secular society has already decided that homosexuals have the right to marry and raise families.  You don't like it? Too bad.
What's the problem?  Is your manhood threatened because gays and transgender people are allowed to serve....while you didn't?
You should read "Hidden from History" to begin with. As I pointed out, the Nazis treated gays in much the same way as Jews -- the pink triangle being modeled on the yellow star. You say the numbers were different. But not that Jews were persecuted throughout their history in a manner again very similar to gays: the Inquisition was a plague to both categories. Now gays, as you admit, make up 4% of the human race, far dwarfing the number of Jews. So the persecution of gays has taken in absolute terms a greater toll (augmented by the absence of a gay community analogous to the Jewish community). It is true that the Nazis focused their paroxysm of hatred on the Jews, a group who had been denounced as deicides in church teaching, condemned to Hell at the Council of Florence, and seens a justly condemned to perpetual servitude by Paul IV in 1555 (Bull, Cum Nimis Absurdum, ratified by popes in later centuries). But gays have been singled our for the same kind of systematic persecution.
To what end is the dialogue? If it is to show compassion and acceptance for a homosexual man or woman to partake as fully in the life of the Church as he or she may be allowed, based upon behavior that is in keeping with the teachings and beliefs of the Church, that is a good thing. If it is to accept and normalize behavior which is contrary to what the Church believes and teaches, than it is futile. Behavior and orientation are two different things, which too many want to conflate, and subsequently label others as homophobic or haters or mean.  If the dialogue is going to lead to that, why would any of us on the conservative side want to even partake in an introductory conversation?
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/indonesian-court-sentences-gay-couple-to-public-caning/article35037379/ BLM should be grateful that their biggest "threat" at a gay pride parade is a man in uniform.
The problem is that there are no media outlets that will objectively analyze Trump's rationale for implementing the ban. Trump claims that he is implementing the ban due to "medical costs" after consulting with generals.   If it's true that transgender people impose an extraordinary medical cost on the military, then the rationale is sound. It would be the same rationale for not allowing grossly overweight people into the military. I'd like to see a media organization perform an objective analysis on this, but an objective analysis by most media orgs, especially the left of center ones, is next to impossible. The media is too busy selling fear, emotion and anti-Trumpism to bother with facts.
Women's ordination, "reproductive rights", and homosexual normalization are all legs of the same stool with a purpose of destroying traditional Christianity and particularly Catholicism. Some of their proponents can't look beyond their own desires and feelings and go with the cultural flow, others are aware of the watering down affect and welcome it (most of the comments here are clear examples). It's another sign that those who hold on to the Church and her teaching will have difficult days ahead. We'll be mocked and called unenlightened, bigots, and intolerant. But so what? It's not the secularized "church" that we are called to be faithful to.
The baker's case is mostly about religious liberty since marriage is religious.  Genesis 2:24. It was instituted in a creative capacity, IN THE IMAGE OF GOD who bound and blessed the male and female union as one. If traditional marriage was created in the Image of God, then the exact opposite is a façade giving a false appearance of the truth. And we know the Bible is correct since heterosexual union has proven true because it's how anyone whoever existed got here!  But the counterfeit has reared its head through the Homosexual marriage falsehood, that has been labeled "same-sex marriage," or 666, which is just the opposite of traditional marriage in every aspect and reflects nothing but lies. From a religious standpoint, the SCOTUS does not have authority over the Image of God. Neither can it "create" a spectrum of non-productive sexes in the Image of God. This 100% indicates the mark of the beast as prophesied by Jesus.  The baker must refuse to accept the mark of the beast.
Would you take your kids to a gay pride parade?  http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-CU6mEM5UU-8/Uth8JfWjUAI/AAAAAAAACYc/acEn1vvmtNU/s1600/gay+pride+Chicago02.jpg
“Instead of improving the lives of hard-working Americans, President Trump has tried to force on the American people an immoral, ineffective and expensive border wall, discriminatory new barriers to the ballot box, a degrading and disgusting policy banning transgender Americans from serving in the military and a hateful, senseless anti-immigrant agenda that instills fear in our communities and weakens our nation,”
According to So It Goes, to be progressive is to embrace followers of a homophobic misogynistic church.  Hmm, not seeing the logic, nor the political reality.  But enjoy your dream world where fundy christianity is hip.
After, what, 600 years and only 3 known to precede him of more compelling circumstances,it seems more likely than not that he was forced out.  And those quickly muffled mentions of a homosexual lobby hinted at who.  It's not like he was a young lad when he took the position or didn't know it was a lifetime expectation.
Let's go at this another way:  Does a gay couple have an obligation to welcome into their home family who they feel might be disruptive to the values they are trying to instill in their children?
Greetings......in my opinion in another 100 years this patriarchal non functioning .......anti women,anti gay,anti full life protection, and anti earth........ Oligarchy will be non existent!
Here are some insights about Cuba.  Keep in mind--all of the below happened during PEACETIME:  --16,000 political prisoners executed --25,000 gays and other “deviants” sent to concentration camps --Union leaders subject to 26-year prison sentences.  --Prisons of hell. Torture included making prisoners cut grass with their teeth, live in iron cages 1 meter wide, 1.8 meters high, etc. etc.   The above only covers through the 1990s. Moreover, when you add military atrocities, the numbers skyrocket (Ref: communiststats.com )
Since Tennessee is a red state, climate change does not exist there, but Godly punishments do. Gatlinsburg is probably being punished for not hating gays enough. Like New Orleans was with Katrina and NYC was with 9-11. Just Baby Jeebus' way of helping The Donald Make America Straight gain.
Exactly what does Renzetti expect "the world" to do? Once Obama decided that it was too risky to even try to enforce a no-fly zone, the moderate rebels were doomed, and along with them any civilians who did not flee. Meanwhile, Canada democratically elected a government who promised to disengage from direct fighting in the ME.  Meanwhile, after the "gay girl in Damascus", I would be leery about unverified posts from conflict zones designed to pull at heartstrings.
The 14th amendment was written to free former male slaves from the status of second class citizens.  No word there about marriage.  Given the believe system that existed when the 14th was written (when women could not even vote) it hard to argue that those who framed and approved the amendment intended that it be read to require gay marriage.  When the liberals on the supreme court chose to say the 14th amendment read on gay marriage, they rewrote history and effectively acted as legislators making new law that they believed to appropriate at the present time.
He was actually a really cool guy.  He spoke much of the same great philosophy we find in other religions.  I wish the GOP would follow their own claimed religion.  I wish this was a "Christian" nation because we would get along with other religions,stop bombing people we don't know in other countries and actually help people in our country.  Jesus never said anything about abortion and gay marriage.  The Christian right has never read the Bible, they are just blind followers.
...with that change, Québec became the first jurisdiction in the Americas larger than a city or county to prohibit anti-gay discrimination.) That’s lead Canada (BC + Ont.) to adopt the Civil Marriage Act…in 2005 (Bloc Québécois)   Québécoise transgender actress Gabrielle Tremblay for her FIRST film role received her FIRST nomination and the FIRST transgender to be nominated as Best Actress in a Supporting role to the Canadian Screen Award for her performance in the film  « Ceux qui font les révolutions qu’à moitié n’ont fait que creuser leur tombeau» (Those Who Make Revolution Halfway Only Dig Their Own Graves/  Best Canadian Film at TIFF, 2016 (Huge Success! But Huge Scandal too! And the Beginning of a “Myth”, of a “Cult Movie”, of “RedSquare” symbol) see trailer onYouTube= https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaLBRRbyYzw)  (copy-paste in wb address) and see HER interview (onYouTube)=  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PmKpmVfl68
How, in heaven's name, can anyone include homosexual marriages in a list of the "three hallmarks of a culture of death"?
I would disagree with your statement: "This is all about religious conservatives wanting the absolute right to discriminate against gay couples while still being protected by the civil rights laws from discrimination against them."  Mr. Phillips and very likely many other religious conservatives do want to be able to legally discriminate. But it is overly broad to imply that all religious conservatives want this. Is it beyond your comprehension that at least some religious conservatives think Mr. Phillips is wrong in his discriminatory practices and hateful attitude?
Baloney. Everyone and their neighbor not selling packaged goods will claim to be involved in creative expression. There are pizza makers who have refused to deliver pizzas to a gay wedding reception. Is creating a pizza with pepperoni and artichoke hearts instead of sausage and green peppers artistic expression?
Based on the priests that I have known in my lifetime, I would say that the vast majority of those who were unmarried were NOT gay -- 80% (and I am being generous on the side of not overstating), at the very least.
I appreciate your perspective, but could you answer this question:  yes, or no, does the First Amendment protect the rights of Episcopalian ministers, licensed actors of the state, to marry gay couples?
A quick practical matter:  It is not uncommon to have pat downs conducted by officers of the same gender as the suspect.  How will that work in this case?  Also, officers of the same gender are often used to interview sex assault victims.  Again, how does a trans-gendered person fit into this circumstance?
There are those accross the globe who are in greater dire need than those Chechen homosexuals living in Russian safe havens, at greater personal risk...yet the Canadian government is not swooping in to save them and bring them into Canada.  If homosexuality and LGBT are the essential factors, there are 72 countries where they are illegal,  is the Canadian government sweeping into Saudi Arabia , Iraq, Iran, Honduras, Uganda, Egypt to rescue them as well?  It should be noted that, of all the followers of belief systems,  Muslims seem to be the most homosexual phobic.
What definition of we changed?   It seems your side keeps changing definitions all the time.  things like marriage, gender, gay,  any number of other things.
There is nothing hateful about the phrase "intrinsically disordered" when applied to a feeling or urge.  The homosexual propagandists have painted such a squeaky-clean image of poor, downtrodden, oppressed people with same-sex attraction, that anything that even suggests that their attraction to engage in same-sex sodomy is deemed hateful or bigoted.    Great spinners that they are the propagandists shrewdly suggest that the term "intrinsically disordered" is applied to the person as a whole.  Not so, not so, not so.  We all know what the biological order of the species' survival is:  male engages in sexual union with the female to create offspring.  Other uses of sexual organs are not aligned with that order; they are disordered.  And, yes, when men and women do those acts, they are disordered as well, and we are called to confess them.  Disagreement does not mean hateful, bigoted, racist, or all of the other terms that leftists like to throw out the generate emotional outrage.
Since Trump was inadvertently elected he has declared war on Hollywood, Mexicans, Muslims, the NFL, NBA, MLB, the Gay community and Canada's portion of NAFTA he may  just as well declare war on North Korea officially too. There has never been a man more out of his league than Trump. The sooner a guy with three names comes along the better off we all will be.
Man is his belly full of Koolaid, who has grown government I mean really, Bush created a whole new department and left us with a huge deficit. Did not Reagan do the same run deficits? What about  the Patriot Act; Talk about government intrusion. The Truth is when it comes down to it much as I hate to say it, Clinton was right, Bill that is, its the economy stupid, JOBS!!! I watched Bil Maher last night and he nailed it, Trump, does not give a damn about abortion or guns or gay marriage or bath rooms, and he is winning. GOP get a clue you have mis judged and  irrelevant.
I am curious, how exactly is a single, celibate, male of any persuasion able to relate as a kind of marriage counselor than anyone else who has to examine the institution of marriage from the outside?    As for "practicing falsehood," the gay priest has to pretend to be something he's not because the organization insists he do so. Of course, that opens up a whole other can of personal and institutional worms (...Cardinal O'Brien, anyone?)
Richard, People do not wake up in the morning and decide they want to be a boy today or a girl tomorrow. You have no understanding of a women's restroom floor plan and no understanding of the whole transgender situation. I am not trans, but I have shared many restrooms with men who just wanted a place to use the facilities. They came the went and the washed and left. NO big deal.
I am not talking about it.    I also believe in religious liberty.  I might not agree with a bishop who fires a gay employee.  The problem is that the alternative is that we have unelected and unaccountable judges meddling in church affairs--deciding when bishops may dismiss employees whose behavior might be a cause for scandal.  You might think that is a good idea.  It isn't.  This is because rights are enjoyed by everyone.  If a bishop cannot fire an employee who married his gay lover, than a bishop cannot remove a priest from ministry who frequents a gentlemen's club.  Just as there is nothing illegal about gay behavior, there is nothing illegal about visiting a gentlemen's club.  If bishops, then must tolerate immorality when it involves a gay couple, they must tolerate it when it involves a priest for the exact same reason.  (Assuming laws were not broken.)
You definitely have a skewed sense of blame placing.  DJT fueled the Hate mantra, not  the people you list.  Yes, they definitely are part of the anti-Trump contingent - as they should be.  Your understanding of communism is sorely lacking.  I found a little more information on the GOP Whip - Pro-Family(ANTI-GAY), voted to allow the mentally handicapped to have access to guns, even though SCOTUS has previously weighed in that it is NOT unconstitutional to restrict their access to guns.  What happened?  An extremely distraught man bought guns legally and sought out the people he felt were the root of his problems - not rational at all - the kind of person who needed help, but not guns.  Who helped save his life? A lesbian police officer who put her life on the line to save him.  God has a terrific sense of irony, don't you think?  Was Mr. Pelley wrong - maybe - what I read of his EXACT words were more by way of reminding people that their words have consequences.
According to the Southern  Poverty Law Center.  There have been 867 hate incidents since the election.  Anti-Immigrant (200), Anti-Black (187), Anti-Semitic (100), Anti-LGBT (95). Anti-Muslim (49), Anti-Woman (40) and the rest a mix of others.  I find it interesting that Mr. Blair doesn't even mention anti-Semitic incidents in this piece despite the fact that hate crimes against Jews account for the 3rd highest amount of reported hate crimes and highest of all hate crimes against religious minorities.  Granted most of this article was simply quotes by others and Mr. Blair does have a link to a BBC piece that documents it all, including the anti-Semitic incidents.  I only point this out because it is further evidence of what appears to be long-standing bias at Civil Beat, something I have been complaining about for years.  Civil Beat is blind to anti-Semitism, even more so when the offender is an immediate family member of a top CB reporter.
Just imagine if the baby killing, mental ill, supporting ( transgender, gays)  illegal immigrant supporting ( who drove down wages on from$20.00 bucks to $11.00 hour.)DEMOCRATS WOULD actually do something to help American's but in stead still they try and destroy any thing and any one the is not  as perverted as them.
i am using this correctly. Jesus is of Jewish culture. Knowing this you would know that homosexuality and other 'choices' were not acceptable. He would never have condoned it, even though liberals love to trot out 'He never condemned it'. He didn't have to.  We have many false teachers- as I have pointed out.
Neko, it really doesn't matter what we think is or isn't sin. God tells us in numerous places throughout scripture that active homosexuality is a sin as much as is pedophilia, adultery, idolatry, not caring for the poor, etc.
That teaching is Catholic Relativism.  It does not dictate what is to be found in the civil law, which pushes abortion, sodomy and gay marriage OUT of the political zone.  What Clinton and Trump believe have only electoral impact and the Bishops and Trump were committing the sin of fraud by implying anything differently.  And so are you.
Many trans-gendered agree with you.
being transgender is not a medical disorder at least do some research on the matter
The medical cost argument is just a distraction. DTs base followers just hate transgendered people and they don't care what the reason is as long as their hatred is somehow legitimized.
commoner.,,,respectively... ....legalization of marijuana...and legalizing gay marriage...DOES NOT MAKE  EITHER OF THESE ACTIVITIES..... COMPULSORY !!!...OK?
Nor is homosexuality a behavior.  Would you call heterosexuality a "behavior"?  They are both integral aspects of one's identity, as is race.
That is 100 % an impossibility. If you are pro life and vote and support candidates and a party that advocates full term and late term abortion at will then you cannot under any circumstance be pro life.  You have to look at where the candidates stand. Hillary wants us to be required to provide and pay for abortions and abortive medicines. She stated flat out in the debate she supports full term partial birth murder. HOW can ANY Catholic support her. Then there are the e - mails where she, through her campaign, states how "backwards" we are and advocates groups to sping to action when they can incite a "Catholic Spring." SHE will use law and the courts to mandate the marrying of homosexuals and the providing of abortion procedures. No Catholic can vote for her.
My first marriage was with a guy who hadn't yet realized he was gay.  You're right. It did not end well. Thankfully, after the marriage ended,  we both met other partners.
During the eight years of the Obama administration, the world was fighting Islamic terrorism, starvation and diseases and what was the Obama administration doing?  It was fighting for gay marriage, transgenders in the military, and to put men in ladies’ rest rooms.  Democrats are angry at Trump because for the first time in the history of our country we have a president who is working very hard to keep his campaign promises.
So to Trid, Catholic orthodoxy includes fear and loathing for gays. Another reason to reject Trid's version of "orthodoxy".
I'll have to side with you, Dennis, on this point.  Since the Reagan administration, bishops HAVE sided with the Republican party.  And with good reason.  With every passing election cycle, the Democratic party has become increasing the party of the extreme left, to the point where they are no longer recognizable as Democrats like JFK or RFK.  They are the party of that much more corrupt sleaze ball, younger brother Teddy.  JFK can be forgiven for stealing Chicago.  Today's Dems are attempting to steal America itself . . . by letting in anyone who illegally crosses our borders, the great majority of who can be counted on to vote Dem.   Gay marriage and abortion would not exist were it not for anti-Catholic values.  So OF COURSE the bishops have sided more with Republicans, for all their faults.   Real Catholics need to keep that in mind 9 days from now.   These people are anti-life, anti-Catholic, and in the end, anti-American with their giving the vote away to illegal aliens.
1. Search on "Body dymorphism and Transsexualism/Transgenderism" - you can choose what you want to read. . 2. I read what appeared to be the most scientifically accessible article you posted - the one from "newscientist"  a. It is 6 years old - meaning it is from information that is even older b. It admits its' sample sizes are very small - in the tens - fewer than 40 in fact. Some other outside studies quoted were larger. c. It also uses post-transition, deceased subjects, both of which has since been discredited as a source of study (a female who was born male, and has had 20 years of estrogen in their body, is very likely to display many traits that a genetic female has - muscle mass, perhaps white tissue in the brain, etc.)  Sorry, nothing you presented would stand up convincingly, even by using the content   of the articles. Almost all of the suppositions have "could be", and "might be" as their qualifiers.  Suggest you slow down, and actually ready them, versus just post them.
The Senate does not have to do anything on nominees. End of story. The left has gotten everything they want - gov't healthcare, more welfare, gay marriage, a weakened US abroad, no more elephants at the circus, speech codes at universities not to offend anyone, crushing environmental regulations, open borders, and they are still unhappy.
I'm more worried about my child sitting on a soiled (urine, feces, blood, etc) toilet seat than of a transgender person occupying same bathroom. Please get over yourselves.
Talk about missing the point.    If it is true, as reported in Military Times, that a "2016 study by the Rand Corporation found the maximum annual medical costs for transgender services would be around $8.4 million. By comparison, the military spent $84 million on erectile dysfunction medications such as Viagra and Cialis in 2014."  This transgender issue is yet another example of top level obfuscation and distraction.  Nice try, Mr. President.    Decerning people will conclude that the REAL story is the fact that thousands of military personnel are so anxiety-ridden/worried/stressed that they are rendered impotent.  I can hear the men on the route march now...  Squad Leader: "I got a pill and I'm OK..." Squad: "I got a pill and I'm OK..." Leader: "Gonna get some woman good today..." Squad: "Gonna get some woman good today..." Leader: "sound off!" Squad: "sound off!"
Absolutely. It's the Republicans, Trump being a Republican, who are against gays. It funny how short your memory is that you forgot Trump is a Republican.
If it's a 45 year old man, then she should turn around and leave and call the police. If it's a 45 year old transwoman, I wouldn't care or probably even know.
"Gay and sodomy, you can't have one without the other, as the old song goes."  Much like REAL CATHOLIC and bigotry, you can't have one without the other,
Radicalization is taught at home, around the dinner table, as the family enjoys mom's good home cooking, while the grown ups discuss destroying Israel, eradicating homosexuals and the evils of dirty infidels It is drilled into young minds with every tale of glorious martyrdom for Allah in every mosque in every city around the world. Extremism for Islam is taught the same way Christians are taught about Jesus and his message of mercy and forgiveness. It is not at odds with the teachings, but is central to the religion
Were you libertarian BEFORE gay people started being protected under non-discrimination laws?
The complaint against the study is that it relies on stereotypes. There are people with narrow jaws who are straight. Not all lesbians are lumberjacks. Not every "effeminate-looking" man is gay, not every "masculine-looking" woman is lesbian. Who defines "effeminate" and "masculine"?
from the Business Insider:  A 2016 study by the Rand Corporation found the maximum annual medical costs for transgender services would be around $8.4 million. By comparison, the military spent $84 million on erectile dysfunction medications such as Viagra and Cialis in 2014, the Military Times reported.    http://www.businessinsider.com/pentagon-transgender-medical-comparison-2017-7
I'm conflicted about this. I sympathize with those who are refused services because others disapprove of gay marriage, and I have no doubt that some (perhaps most) of those from the right who are making a big deal about this are really just trying to keep alive an issue they lost in the courts.  But what I keep coming back to is the right of conscience, which can't be set aside even when the one claiming it is obnoxious. Do people not have the right to refuse to engage in activities they believe (however stupidly) support sin?  Tolerating odious practices is part of the price we pay for our freedoms. Just as we guard the rights of Hustler magazine and the National Enquirer in order to protect our own freedom of speech, is it unreasonable to say that we must also guard the conscience rights of self-righteous bakers in order to ensure our own religious freedom?  I don't think that argument should be easily dismissed.
So, if a were a baker and I refused to make a cake for a KKK rally, which I certainly would, you don’t think I should have that right?  I’m not trying to draw a comparrison between the KKK and a gay couple wanting to get “married”; the comparrison is that as an individual, regardless of my occupation, I have a right to exercise my conscience as I see fit.  That doesn’t mean I can expect do so without consequence, but it doesn’t mean that consequences should necessarily include tyrannical measures at the hands of the state.
> Inter-race marriage is something quite different and not something for political parties anywhere! No it isn't, and it never was. And when there was a law against it - it was just supported by people quoting biblical passages in the same way.  Your right to your religious views ENDS at the governance of your OWN conduct, you cannot govern the behaviour of anybody else with them - that is oppression, regardless who does it. It's wrong when Saudi's use it to justify not letting their women drive. It's wrong when Christian fundamentalists use it to justify not letting gays get married or adopt children. And it's the same evil. Every. Single. Time.  The evil of abusing the power of the state to enforce your moral views on people who do not share them.
A very nice editorial and a stark contrast with the editor of Kent Reporter.   I would note that calling a quarter of the US population "deplorables"  fits pretty well with the sort of generalization one sees made by the people accused of "racism, sexism, xenophobia, homophobia and Islamaphobia".    Could we call it "deploraphobia"?
I think we can agree on one thing: if public schools are indeed "pushing the lifestyle" on students, that's bad.  "Timmy, we've decided that you'll be gay; please transfer to the sewing class to begin work on your prom gown."  If, instead, schools are trying to prepare future citizens by helping them understand that societies are composed of people who differ from each other while remaining equal in terms of rights under the law... well, that's an important part of education, isn't it?  Personally, I disapprove of plenty of "lifestyle" choices, ranging from trophy hunting (as opposed to subsistence) to people who publicly proclaim that their religion is the only acceptable one.  But my agreement with, or disapproval of, these people and their actions is a personal one.  I don't have to like them or what they do... but as an American, I support the rights of people to worship, or protest or parade, or hunt, or whatever lawful activities they choose.
It would be easier to understand transgenderism if advocates could provide a definition of what it now means to be a man or a woman. What criteria would someone use to self-determine whether they are male or female gender?
...campaign for Strange further. But, McConnell, Corker prevailed upon Trump to get back active in the campaign. It was a sign of desperation from them, as Judge Roy Moore was consistently ahead in the polls from 6% to 16%, and even Higher, if I recall.   Strange had the baggage that York documents, and otherwise was not well known. Judge Moore was a bit of a folk hero, for standing up for the ten commandments being displayed in his court house, and refusing to honor gay marriages in AL courts. He lost his chief justice over each issue, standing up and losing big positions for what he believes is right.  Trump's rally for Strange left a wide hole open when he said, correctly, that both men were good, but that Strange would be a sure bet in the general election, whereas Moore would not [this is not correct, however], and Trump said whomever won, he would come back and support vigorously in the general.  Strange had no significant allies other than McConnell and his .....
I am going to assume that you did not mean to denigrate gay people with your last sentence.  But I have to wonder why you said what you did here, but did not make a similar statement after the Sandy Hook tragedy. I doubt you are suggesting that all lives are treated equally or even should be. If that was so, we would not have capital punishment nor wars. What do you mean to say here?
I sure don't think much of "religious freedom" if it consists largely of denying people contraceptives and allowing discrimination against our LGBT brothers and sisters.
Well, ADN, you've gone and done it. Showing gays with wants, needs and desires like the rest of us. That really ticks off the homophobes. Keep it up!
Catholic Archbishop of Sydney Anthony Fisher, Australia, urges "No" vote on gay marriage plebiscite.    “The state has no business telling us who we should love and how, sexually or otherwise,” he said.  Exactly.  And, if you think about it, by allowing LGBT marriage the state IS getting out of the business of saying "who should love and how."    He also warned the faithful:  "How will we maintain a sense of who we are and what matters most to us when some others barely tolerate us or even vilify and bully us?”  I kid you not - he really said that he fears what has happened repeatedly to LGBT people, and which the Church has added to by labeling LGBT people as "intrinsically disordered" - he now fears could happen to people of faith, many of whom have shown they "barely tolerate", "vilify", and "bully" LGBT people.    He fears for people of faith:  "Some may lose their jobs, promotions, businesses, political careers.”  Well, honey, what goes around comes around.    See comment 2
One can change one's gender designation in Ontario....since June 2017 , all provinces and territories of Canada explicitly prohibits within their human rights, equal opportunity and / or anti discriminatory legislation discrimination based on gender identity or or expression....gender identity may or may not conform to a person's birth assigned sex" .  All males with incorporated corporations should report to internal revenue that they have adopted the female identity.  Problem solved .QED. Thank you the LGBT community.
> Bizarrely, Spacey used the statement to say he was now choosing "to live as a gay man" from now on.  Bizarrely, columnist John Doyle joins the chorus who seem to think Spacey ought to have omitted "the gay part" as "being gay" should not be mixed in with sexual assault.   Yet if he didn't 'mention it', he'd probably have to issue another statement afterwards explaining why he was on top of a 14 year old boy. And probably columnists, maybe not John Doyle, would be drawing some pretty obvious conclusions.   As to Mr. Doyle's comment about 'parallel universe' and all, yes rich, powerful and famous people should be held accountable. But I keep wondering if we aren't wandering back into the 50's era where your 'private life' starts being judged as much as your public life. Or maybe that era never went away.   I'm sure there is a few people feeling nervous right now and maybe a few receiving some quiet phone calls about money.   Great job John. Following the pack. You can't go wrong.
There is a very offensive anti-Muslim ad on this page.  It talks about giving "child marriage" the finger?  I've reported this Islamophobic ad to the editors.  We must be tolerant of child marriage, genital mutilation, subjugation of women and anti-gay attitudes.  These fundamental tenants of Islam must be tolerated in a tolerant Canada.   Yes?  I fear the M-103 police will not tolerate my opinion.
In my profession — medical emergency trauma — I treat all sorts of folks,  male and female,  gay and straight, law-abiding citizens and convicted criminals,  all religions and all races... and yes, even some KKK members.  If I were not willing to treat each person competently, compassionately and without discrimination,  then I would need to find another line of work.  My job description does not include being the morality police.   Treating people fairly does not de facto mean that I agree with, endorse or enable,  whatever they do in their private lives.  That's not my business,  nor should it be.  A baker bakes a cake as a capitalistic endeavor...  to make money. In a pluralistic, non-theocratic democracy we don't get to crouch defensively in our religious ghetto denying to others the same freedoms we claim for ourselves.  Given the tragedy & danger of our world, this cake controversy is, in my view, silly. The baker needs to get over himself/herself.
Quite the opposite really. Transgender people want far less attention than they are getting.
Meanwhile, Pope Francis is giving the thumbs-up to a nun in his native Argentina who's ministering to transgendered women:  https://cruxnow.com/global-church/2017/07/25/nun-ministering-transgender-women-gets-thumbs-pope/
Now I read the comment.  Yes, I expect that those who find home in Francis will agree with it.  This Church does a lousy job of comforting at least some of the oppressed (gays) and oppressing the comfortable (the rich).  Of course, I can relate, because I am Romany, i.e., Samaritan. The Gays are the new Samaritans.  Do you listen to what Jesus really says or just to proof text your traditional views?
Sure I did.  You berate any group that uses "pride" except for gays.  And, under our constitution, gays have exactly the same rights as every other US citizen.  So have you taken your kids to a gay pride parade yet?
I agree with Pope Francis greater emphasis on following Jesus' message about living according to the Kingdom of God, in other words a life of love, mercy, forgiveness... The Pope is trying to implement a process to allow divorced and remarried to gain access to Communion, I hope it is successful.  I am disappointed that he has not moved on gaining equal status for women and eliminating discrimination against LGBT within the Church. I think issues around abortion, SSM, contraception have been addressed in secular society.
The sad thing is that Fr. James took a moderate tone. He did not make the case for celebrating gay weddings at Mass and did not explore the pathological history of Catholic sexual teaching, which is more Stoic than Christian. He called for dialogue, but the anti-marriage Catholics have lost in so many public venues that they can’t think straight, even about Francis, who has also said none of things that need to be said on reforming doctrne on sex and ordination.  Immigration would be funny if not so tragic. The entire debate benefits those businesses who would buy workers from coyotes and call Homeland Security if they step out of line. We need to simply end worker restrictions and right to work laws. Then only workers who are needed to fill out union vacancies at union wages will come to the U.S.
No it doesnt.  If you would have actually read the Colorado Youth Matter's link you would have discovered their "age-appropriate guidelines" recommends children as young as four be taught about "different kinds of people and families".   It also recommends that six year old kindergartners be taught to "recognize that some people have romantic relationships with people of the opposite gender." http://www.coloradoyouthmatter.org/resources/age-appropriate-guide  Forget the 5th graders, do you really think teaching kindergartners about gay sex is appropriate?
How many heyerosexuals having extramarital affairs ate fired? None. But if you are gay and marty civilly, you can expect to br fired. They are being very selective in who gets fired.    IN FACT, the institutional Church is discriminating against gays, and this unjust discrimination you seem to approve of   If every "sinner" is to be fired, there won't be anyone left employed.
The Rand study is rubbish.  It openly notes using “actuarial estimates” of private insurance premium increases based on costs of covering new sets of treatments instead of known costs of gender transitions.  It also fails to calculate the monetary cost of lost productivity due to convalescent leave and non-deployable status. Nor did RAND consider free transition medical procedures encentivizing increased numbers of transgender individuals to join the military. Instead, they assumed constancy of current estimates of transgender service members. Additionally, the cost of ongoing hormone therapy, estimated at as much as $200 per month per individual by one source, was not addressed by RAND. Researchers wrote that they “…could not calculate the total number of service members who would be receiving hormone therapy at any given point in time."  Such a sub-par study should not be used as the foundation of cost estimates.
That's right, Granger, laws of nature even identify homosexuality in the animal kingdom.
I wonder how Justin manages to defend M103 when he attends the pride parades? Seriously, Islam is not the LGBTQ community's best friend.
HIV/AIDS is a national health problem.  Gay and bisexual men continue to be the risk group most severely affected by HIV in the United States.   Overall, MSM account for: • 56 percent (estimated 615,400 persons in 2014) of the estimated 1.1 million people living with HIV in the United States. • More than two-thirds of all new HIV infections each year (70 percent, or an estimated 26,200 infections in 2014). While CDC estimates that four percent of men in the United States are MSM, the rate of new HIV diagnoses among them is more than 44 times that of other men.
No, you want to give any business owner anywhere the right to discriminate against gay people merely by saying serving such people violates their religious beliefs. The government can't question a person's religious beliefs, so the government would have to take that argument on face value. A pizza maker refused to provide a gay couple with pizzas for  their simple wedding reception. Does the laying out of pepperoni or olives constitute artistic expression? And, isn't it wonderful that sexual orientation isn't a religion, and therefore gay business owners can't discriminate against uptight Christians? Religion is NOT everything. Christians cannot discriminate against Muslims based on the Christian's belief that Islam violates their religious beliefs.
You may have misread my comment.   I'm straight, my brother is gay.  Neither of us came about this via choice; it's who we are.
The great disinformation campaign on behalf of the baker continues. It's a freedom of religion case! No, wait! It's an artistic expression case! No, wait! The couple wanted a gay wedding cake! Heck, I didn't even know wedding cakes had a sexual orientation. Get this straight (pun intended): The baker agreed to abide by the rules governing businesses in the State of Colorado. One of those rules is Colorado's anti-discrimination law. The Masterpiece Bakery owner refused to even discuss the design of a wedding cake, and palmed off a standard sheet cake instead. The baker's entire business is built on custom cakes. He refused to provide a service to a gay couple he routinely offers to heterosexual couples. He claims he's biblically opposed to gay couples. He doesn't check the sin status of heterosexual couples. He just designs them a cake. The baker is violating the law. I find it horrendous the US Supreme Court has taken this case, and I wonder whether Gorsuch played a role.
Did ASAA even check this person's credentials ? Did anybody look at a doctor's file to actually see if this person suffers from gender dysmorphia ? Is this person on HRT (Hormone Replacement Therapy) ? Has this person had GRS (Gender Reassignment Surgery) or on the list for it recommended by a doctor ? Is this just a boy who has long hair ? Are we just taking someone's word ? What does the birth certificate say ? Who is vetting this whole ordeal ?  I'm sorry. I am not a hater or some kind of racist BUT the whole Trans-Sexual/ Trans-Gender platform has gotten out of hand. Who is asking these questions ? Or has it gotten so out of hand and politically correct that no one is asking ? You can just show up and play on whatever team you want to sign up for ? If you are born a boy....Boys teams. If you were born a girl....Girls team. If you fit neither and don't want to participate on the correct team that matches your born sex you are just out...Simple as that !!
Sorry to inform you, Rhyner, but there are Alaska courts that grant transgenders LEGAL name changes and recognize their sex change status.  This is where the anti-transgender public is going to lose their court fights.  Remember Chasity Bono now Chaz Bono?  Now s(he) is a legally transgender.
My email shows a partial reply from you which I cannot find here, but it began "Are you high??? Selling someone a cake? Refusing to sell some a cake because it is for a gay wedding is no different from selling someon..."  Perhaps Civil Comments did not find it so civil.   Anyway,  to which I reply "are you"?  There is a difference between selling a birthday cake vs. a wedding cake to a gay couple.  Selling flowers to them for any reason other than to supply them for their "wedding". And what about photographers? They are even more a part of the wedding since they are there for the entire event. Yet,  they are forced to do something against their consciences or face the consequences over and over again.
I can't believe that we still need to have these discussions about whether or not to protect the privacy and civil rights of American Citizens. Employers requiring you to provide login ID's and passwords for your email and social media accounts is a clear violation of your rights to privacy. Employers should not have the right to access areas where you may share or store personal data including phone numbers, emails, credit card numbers, bank passwords, social security numbers, etc... Today we use email and social media in all aspects of our personal and private lives. Access to personal information could also have a more serious impact on an LGBT employee who may not want to or feel that they are able to live their life out. Our personal and private lives are simply not any of our employer's  business. Seriously think about it . Would you want to share everything you put in an email or post on social media with your boss ?
I'm not a member of the United Church, but I happen to know that they've welcomed gay folks for decades now.  I believe Scott Brison and his husband are active members.
I support equality for the LGBT individuals.  Your reference to the "homosexual community" is interesting.  It seems to imply that homosexuals are members of some "club."  Actually, LGBT individuals have "lives" just like hetereosexuals, and their sexuality and relationship are but a part of their life.  Gary Crum
"Don’t forget how Dr. Dao’s reputation was negatively affected by this. Shortly after the story broke, several articles appeared in some, shall we say, ‘sensationalist’ news outlets repeating the story that Dr. Dao was gay, was a drug user, was convicted of trading sex for drugs, was a serial gambler, and had a history of disruptive behavior resulting in him being examined for anger management issues."  To be fair, several of those things you mentioned are a matter of public record.  Dealing drugs, commiting fraud and trading sex for drugs with an addict are salient points in a discussion of "his reputation".    $20 says his lawyer NEVER goes near the reputation angle in any court proceedings.  Because you can't damage what is already ruined.
The only requirement for some major portfolios are gender and being JT's friend. -- gender is male and female but liberal progressives tell us that is out of date What about transgender ? and  gay- - why only male and female in cabinet and no gay and transgender  - Trudeau must fix this or it is not 2017 and Canada is not back
Yup, in your obsession with Muslims you've proved  some of their ancient texts are as hostile to gays as is the  Old Testament, the basis of the Judeo-Christian  moral code.  Fortunately, the majority of American Christians, Jews, and Muslims have moved beyond this level of tribal hatreds and have shown  great sympathy for the 50 dead--   THAT is the solution here- how about you? https://webmail.uoregon.edu/?_task=mail&_caps=pdf%3D0%2Cflash%3D1%2Ctif%3D0&_uid=34469&_mbox=INBOX&_safe=1&_action=show
Let me see if I get it. Johns/Hopkins and the American Psychiatric institute class "transgender" as a mental defect. So now a PC mental defect is a protected class in title 9? Not so just more perversion masquerading as intelligence by the left.
The old race card it usually works. Islamphobia, anti-semitism, homophobia  He's awarded 25 million US dollars plus apology from Trump and Obama. What a sweet deal.............
Yeah, well a lot of guys don't go to Church either; couldn't care less.  That's unfortunate for them, and unfortunate for the Church, because the women and the homosexual priests aren't doing much to defend the Church's position on the topic .
Very true. The official explanation of that is that there's a great deal of "cultural anxiety" on the right over the amount of uppitiness among women, gays, blacks, browns, yellows & reds (to use Roy Moore teminology) and the Democrats who support them, so naturally all the "culturally anxious" folk are drawn to the right side of the aisle where their cultural anxiety is soothed by "traditional family values." That's how that works. Uh huh.
The House and Senate Armed Services committees should request Secretary Mattis to provide them with a list by MOS (Military Occupation Specialty), not name of every transgendered person serving in the armed forces who might be affected by President Trump's policy. It could well be a national security issue to loose the expertise of some of these individuals. Congress should be told of this possibility and where it exists.
This isn't about "artistic expression". This is about a baker refusing to sell ANY kind of wedding cake to a gay couple. The couple never even had a chance to tell Mr. Phillips what kind of cake they wanted. He refused to sell them a wedding cake because gay couples violate his religious beliefs. "If the Supreme Court strikes down the Colorado Court of Appeals’ ruling, it would send an important message". It sure will. Declare you have freedom of religion, and you can post a sign in your shop saying gays and lesbians are not welcome.
Interesting rebuttal Onne, but I have a few queries for you: Firstly, you suggest that 'As it stands, there are vastly different ideas about what can be considered “good” or acceptable in different countries, cultures and even between different individuals of the same culture' - surely the many differences you outline are clear evidence for the fact good and evil are human, rather than divine constructs? Also, you state: 'If there is no God, humans have invented the concepts of good and evil…there is no absolute moral standard, and what one generation or society or culture decides is evil may be considered perfectly acceptable by another' - but that is exactly how it goes: slavery was condoned in in the old testament, while homosexuality was condemned, yet today the views on these are 180 degrees in the opposite direction. If we stuck to the absolute moral standard laid out in the bible, we'd still be keeping slaves and condemning homosexuals...
Not so fast ... If 2% of the population is responsible for 20% to 40% of child molestations (and they are), something must be desperately wrong with that 2%. Not every homosexual is a child molester. But enough gays do molest children so that the risk of a homosexual molesting a child is 10 to 20 times greater than that of a heterosexual.
Because transgender students often are unable to obtain identification documents that reflect their gender identity (e.g., due to restrictions imposed by state or local law in their place of birth or residence), requiring students to produce such identification documents in order to treat them consistent with their gender identity may violate Title IX when doing so has the practical effect of limiting or denying students equal access to an educational program or activity.
From the very article you are posting on: However, although NGOs pleaded with other governments to take in persecuted gay Chechens, homosexual acts are not illegal in Russia; therefore, refugee claims based on fear of persecution due to sexuality were problematic. As well, under international regulations, refugee claimants must typically leave their home country before they can seek refugee status based on fear of persecution if they return.
The Apocalyptic impulse is a form of prophesy, which sees that God is the only hope of rescue from a corrupt age. Divine punishment is sure to come if gay marriage or legal abortion or allowed or if Trump is allowed to continue as President or if Medicaid is gutted so our future nursing home care becomes a Hell hole (and as single men, MSW, that is where we are headed, just to give you some skin in the game, your own). Ad hominem is hard to avoid with Trump, because it is his intellect and personality that are flawed, not his policies, which seem to change by the day.
No, Harper played on anti-immigrant, anti Muslim prejudices of many in his base.  Also ran on anti-gay until he got his minority and happily lost the anti equal marriage vote in parliament.  Harper portrayed tolerant in public but let Leitch, Toews, Kent, Pollievre, etc. issue dog whistles of bigotry.
Point is, if some schools want to keep the policy - they are free to do it; it's not like the directive mandates that every single school should absolutely not let any transgender person use the washroom of the chosen gender. It simply goes back to the situation when federal government doesn't care.
Yes, focus on the important issues.....as Obama does with his dictate on trans gender bathroom use for school children.
The constant barrage of negativity and damnation from the likes of you and gary crum doesn't make me suicidal in the least.  Indeed, it empowers me and reassures me that I'm on the winning team.  Your little guilt-trip argument is ten pounds of BS in a five pound bag.  "In the Netherlands, where gay marriage has been legal since 2001, gay men remain three times more likely to suffer from a mood disorder than straight men, and 10 times more likely to engage in “suicidal self-harm.” In Sweden, which has had civil unions since 1995 and full marriage since 2009, men married to men have triple the suicide rate of men married to women."  free education for you here:   http://highline.huffingtonpost.com/articles/en/gay-loneliness/
If gas mileage is your thing then consider a Diesel. Ford is bringing a Hybrid F150 by 2020. This Spring Ford will offer an F150 3L Diesel with a 10 speed transmission. That should help a lot. If you can't wait then the Ram 3L Diesel with an 8 speed transmission will have to do. GM will be introducing their 10 speed transmission in a truck soon (same tranny as the Ford, it was a collaboration build). The Hybrid F150 may have the best mileage but the price will be steep.....(my arm chair guess). LOL. Everyone have a great/safe Labour day weekend!
You just described that gay "marriage" (whatever that means) IS a matter of court decision based on political considerations, as were other famous well-argued, cherished and widely admired laws of the US legal system, such as those regarding racial discrimination and segregation. Thank you for proving my point.   What I said still stands. Since marriage, by definition, has restrictions attached to it, it is not a fundamental human right, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights duly acknowledges this. Furthermore, since the institution of marriage precedes any other institution, including state and Church, neither of these can re-define it. They can only uphold its basic principles, and have the duty to do so.   Now people can jump up and down and try to redefine marriage, it will not only look silly, but it undermines the fabric of society, differently, but with equal fore and devastation as the racial laws did.
Partly because the natural law theory on which the Church bases their opposition to homosexual activity is not supported by current science.  So your question might just as well harken back to Galileo and Copernicus.  The Church can rant all it wants and wave their mighty staffs, but, the scientific evidence isn't going to change. Secondly, their is nothing remotely pastoral for the survivors about this stance.
The reaction would be the same.  Freedom of religion is expected and protected in the U.S. so I don't see your point.  How about if a gay man refused to make a cake for a Christian couple?  You don't think there would be an uproar?  I am liberal in my beliefs but that is not something I would accept or support.  I don't want to see exclusions in our free market system.
That’s on them. Has nothing to do with my view about standing firm on principle.  By the way, you’ll probably notice that no Democrat/lefty has gotten anywhere in politics by opposing abortion or gay marriage, to choose the hottest buttons I could. Even those who momentarily did – famously Bill Clinton (on the latter) and Barack Obama (both) – pivoted as fast as they could. Oh, sorry, their views “evolved.” Uh huh.  Would you expect any other Democrat to “compromise” on either issue? Of course not. Those principles are ingrained in the ideology. There may be sub-issues dealing with implementation, but not on the foundational concept. To do so would be a tectonic shift.  Similarly, conservatives ought not and need not give ground on wholly defensible principles as lower tax rates to keep relatively more capital in the economy, defense and limited scope of governmental influence in which free people make their own decisions about their needs and priorities.
Hi, ATF - I think we have to recognize that no one has done the heavy lifting involved in developing a theology of  homosexuality, for want of a better word. I have read some sketchy attempts based on a lot of presuppositions, but nothing that would convince a traditional believer, let alone bishop, that the story of salvation embraces same-sex experience. It's one thing to argue that people with same-sex attraction have a right to sit at the same table as anyone else. It's another to argue that divine revelation has to be reworked to accommodate same-sex believers, especially if the evidence were to show that most same-sex individuals would have little or no use for the faith even if it were possible to accommodate them. What I'm trying to say is that the same-sex cause went forward politically without worrying about developing a new and inclusive Christian anthropology, and I'm not sure the cause can go any further unless someone does that.
You can go back 2000 years if you want.  But the church wasn't speaking about LGBT then.  Being a Christian THEN meant that the person had a personal faith relationship with Jesus.  One either believed that Jesus was the Messiah or not.  Dogmas, doctrines---EVOLVED very slowly within the church's history.
Wayne Campbell - I plan to continue my efforts from the last four years to teach people about non-partisan and libertarian issues. Some of us have been non-partisans for decades, not because we falsely believe that the GOP hates gays and immigrants but because we recognize that the major parties don't represent their constituencies, but rather represent pretending to follow whatever policies they believe will keep them in power. You might want to take a pause and educate yourself on what has occurred in the past - maybe check out the Foundation for Economic Education (FEE), Mises Institute, and the Ron Paul Institute. I point you in that direction because I firmly believe that government will not make American great again. Free enterprise and the American can-do attitude made America great in the 19th century. Government made it arrogant in the 20th century and headed toward bankruptcy in the 21st. We the people are what makes America great ... not and never government.
Black lives don't matter in Canada? I thought they did. The black female spokes person for BLM comes out looking like Black Lady Ga Ga. She is promoting herself! And the Gay Pride Parade. Why? I have deviated from the norm by being attracted to my own gender, but by golly, because I have the courage to admit it, I feel I deserve a Parade to commemorate having the balls to admit it. Did you win the Super Bowl? Did you survive a war? Did you make some contribution to society that improves its situation in any way?   Did you cure cancer? The best situation Gays can hope for is that their sexuality is completely insignificant. Having the Gay Pride Parade hurts that endeavor. Straight people are often repulsed by homo sexual activities. We did not choose to be. It is fairly common. The Gay community asks us to be tolerant of their behavior when we find it offensive, but if we are the slightest bit offended by them, we are homophobic extremists and ought to be jailed.
What's the joke? Is the notion of male nurses supposed to be humorous? Or is it making an allusion to homosexuality that's such a gut buster?
The fact that Trump likes to profit from anyone who walks into his business is not evidence supporting your claim that he supports the LGBTQ community. It is his actions that tell us what he supports, not his words, and his actions so far are against the LGBTQ community. This cannot be disputed, as he "tweeted" a new directive banning transgendered individuals from the military, and did so with zero input from his policy or military advisers.
Oh those poor religious groups.  Always the brunt of some hatred or another.  Never at fault themselves.  Hey we even enact bills to protect anyone criticizing them.  Hey after all the religious are so tolerant of gay people, other religions and people who are not from their religion aren't they?  Yet there's this big old radical elephant sitting in the room that no one can talk about now.  Thanks Liberals for not even allowing our free speech any longer in this country.  I dislike my country so much right now.
Remember, the spirit of the law kills, while the letter of the law gives eternal life; also that man was made for the Sabbath.  Yes, one can argue that Paprocki is following the law. However, he is showing no love for any gays in his diocese by doing so. He is saying to them, "Go away. The Catholic Church in Springfield rejects you." Is that a Christian thing to do?  Also, do you really believe that God has the sort of all-consuming interest in what loving couples do in the privacy of their own bedrooms that you do?
...or that middle schoolers will snicker at the word "gay" no matter the context?   Sort of like the giggles when a teacher says, "Voyager 2 made an important discovery about Uranus today! Let's look at the first close-up, detailed photos of Uranus together and learn about the noxious gasses that cover Uranus".
How is making a wedding cake restrict his right to freely exercise his religious beliefs? The bakery is his church? Where in the bible does it say to not make cakes for people you do not want to exist? Hate the sin, love the sinner?  Discriminating against protected classes is illegal in Colorado. He could move to a state where it is legal to discriminate against gays or stop making wedding cakes.  If the baker is successful, I look forward to discriminating against all kinds of people for what ever I can make up as a religious reason. Maybe if you need emergency surgery and the doctor does not want to operate on you for religious reasons, then you can go to a different hospital.
"Public scandal of the faithful."  Since most Catholics in the USA are in favor of gay marriage, how could a married gay man having a church funeral be a source of scandal?  Methinks this isn't so much about gay marriage as it is about Morlino trying to make a public statement to show his supposed orthodoxy, but in reality only showing extreme pettiness and a political statement to Rome.   Did you notice that he didn't "order it", but you can bet any priest who does a funeral and mentions the partner can count on being disciplined.
Betty, while I agree that these guidelines are ridiculous, I tend to look at it slightly differently.   On Sunday Francis announces:  - Homosexuals welcome in the priesthood. - Women to be ordained. - Priests can be married. - Divorced and remarried can receive all the sacraments.  On Monday, Cardinal Burke will be proclaimed our new Pope. That's more or less what would happen.  All these things - not Burke being Pope - are coming. There is a lot of complex untangling to be done after the mess JPII and Benny have bequeathed us. I say let's be patient and encourage progress. We can do that and still ridicule the positions held by the rampant clericalist set.
All forms of hate needs to be eliminated. All forms of racism, Islamophobia, Homophobia, anti-semitism and laws discriminating against Transgenders. We need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight all forms of hate which includes Trump!
One of the most shallow talking points is to use college students as whipping posts. Most are fine people using reason and logic and are reacting to seeing that the far right is a great danger to them and their gay friends. During the Vietnam War college students were used in the same way, and really, considering the draft and the insane war, the college students were pretty much the only ones with the guts to fight back.  Hugh Massengill
Is it unjust in natural law (the real kind, not the papal version) to deny a woman an abortion when the child has no chance of survival to birth?  No.  Is it scriptural to say that abortion is prohibited? No.  Numbers Chapter 10 mandated it for suspected adultery.  Is it unjust to abort Down's children, yes, but the way to stop it is not to ban the procedure but assure lifelong care that the GOP can't renege on as well as respite care for the parents.  First trimester pregnancies?  It is not natural law but natural rights that determine this.  You have to give the same natural rights to a child to be aborted and the child who will miscarry.  Do you wish to give the state that much power over the natural rights of the mother?  No.  On homosexuality, natural rights dictate marriage equality.   Canon law, however, does not regard lack of fecundity as an impediment, so the natural law argument is badly argued. Natural law analysis depends on whether gays are born that way.  If so, yes.
I don't find this surprising Sarah....we spent a lot on catholic university tuition and private boarding school tuition and our kids were less than thrilled with institutional church....they tended then and clearly are now committed to social justice issues on which they spend a LOT of time.....they are loving caring folks and they are raising the same...and the social justice principles are alive and very very well!  I think that the social controls that used to dictate church attendance to kids in my generation are simply not operative in theses kids...perhaps it's their levels of education (grad school and above) that indicate the intellectual problems with institutional Church, i.e. Misogyny, anti gay etc.. they are very very sensitive to what they perceive as injustice and lack of respect to other groups  Perhaps it's because the Church has not been offering helpful spiritual growth help....ie, the Ignatian Exercises, Centering Prayer et al ....instead rules and boring liturgy....
That's what motivates a large number of Trump supporters, Foyo: Stiggin It'!!  Stiggin' It to the libs, foreigners, gays, educated folks, schools, Hollywood, etc. that they've been told are responsible for their personal failings. . These people will accept with a smile whatever Trump does to them economically as long as he keeps Stiggin' It to their perceived enemies because two things drive them: fear and anger.  http://oi64.tinypic.com/73gwo0.jpg
Please read the Catechism.   By all means if you disagree with the Catholic Church then you have every right but do not misinterpret teachings because you want them to be what they think they should be.  Jesus died for our sins....but many refuse to acknowledge sin because it may seem mean or judgemental. 2357 Homosexuality refers to relations between men or between women who experience an exclusive or predominant sexual attraction toward persons of the same sex. It has taken a great variety of forms through the centuries and in different cultures. Its psychological genesis remains largely unexplained. Basing itself on Sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity,141 tradition has always declared that "homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered."142 They are contrary to the natural law. They close the sexual act to the gift of life. They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity. Under no circumstances can they be appropriate
"Edible pieces of art" enjoy no "protected class" status. - That means that, while the "artist/baker" cannot refuse to serve gays, neo-Nazis, blacks, members of the KKK, Muslims, Jews, whites, and Christians.....the "artist/baker" has the right to decline to use his artistic talents to decorate an "edible piece of art" in a way that goes against his religious, moral, ethical, and "whatever" beliefs he may have. - Because no "art" has "protection class" status, any and every artist/baker can refuse to decorate a cake in the following way: (1) a man being lynched (2) Nazi symbols (3) "May Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Bless This Marriage." (4) with unicorns, fairies, and little bunnies. (5) in a way that depicts a same-sex marriage. - #3 might surprise some people. But why would I even want to make a Jewish or Muslim baker "uncomfortable" decorating a cake in that manner? There are plenty of bakers who will gladly put that on a cake for the sheer joy of making money to please me.
Springsteen publicly supported gay marriage and gay adoption in 1996, in the course of a discussion of what he learned from his own relationship mistakes about the importance of marriage, and from his own kids about what makes a good parent.  It's not clear to me how you imagine it possible to be an authentic working class musician making authentic working class music, if the music by its authenticity earns profit, and thereby pulls the musician out of the working class and makes his music a lie.   After charging inauthenticity, you suggest Springsteen ought to tell the story of the contemporary service class instead of the lost manufacturing class, but Springsteen writes the story he knows, not the story that needs to be told; the latter, your suggestion, would be inauthentic.  You've forsaken an opportunity to offer an apology for or qualification of your first article in favor of imagining yourself as a victim of trolling and a soothsayer coincidentally contradicted by new events.
Note also that Jesus never mentions homosexuality (although St. Paul does), so clearly it should not be a central issue for those purporting to be following doctrine.  Those Catholics holding anti-homosexual views are simply making things up.
Funny, I expect the conference to be a running joke BECAUSE of who will attend. The secular world has made marriage a temporary, childless sham through divorce and contraception, leaving no logical reason to deny gay marriage in that sphere; now they want to do the same in the Church. But Catholics who know their theology know sacramental marriage is a reflection of the marriage between Christ and the Church--which is NOT a temporary, childless sham. Christ loves us and will be faithful despite our own hatefulness and infidelity towards Him. Read Ezekiel 16.
I disagree: By allowing priests to marry, more heterosexual men will enter the priesthood, and homosexual men will find seminaries and the priesthood as an inhospitable place to dwell.
I'm not enthusiastic about Democrats.  Mark Begich is a typical Democrat. However, the republican party has some serious issues.  They have become so doctrinaire on some serious issues -- like denying global warming.  And its politicians appeal to their base by creating and promoting false stereotypes about minorities and gays.  The last two republican presidents -- both Bushes -- got us into some seriously wrong wars. And the republican president before them -- Reagan -- started the trend toward fiscally irresponsible government, not to mention some seriously out-of-touch foreign policies.  Finally, let's look at some recent republican candidates -- sarah palin, ben carson, mike huckabee, and now donald trump.  All of these people are just jokes! I'd like to see an alternative to the democratic party, but the republicans have proven decisively that they are not it!
If Canada is going to take in a significant number of LGBTQ...refugees, then it needs to stop admitting the adherents of a particularly odious ideology (the crescent moon death cult) that is somewhat less than gay-positive.
Trying to score partisan points by criticising the current government for not being transparent about this is cheap. My criticism is that publicising this now might impede further removal of those imperilled. Kadyrov might say "Take our [non-existent!] gays," but that is tacit license for further persecution/murder of them. I really question the wisdom of going public with this, unless the 'program', such as it is, is done. Consider how, when James Loney was captive in Iraq, the government and all media were scrupulous in their silence about his being gay, lest its publicity put him in yet graver danger.  Anderson - whatever the law says, you clearly have no clue what the situation 'on the ground' in Russia is. The law itself plays on the false equivalence of being gay and pederasty.  And, guys and gals, if you're going to criticise someone, at least get the name right. If you can't do that much, you don't do your position much good. Freedland? Freedman? It's Freeland, for God's sake.
LifeoftheLay do you agree with me? NCR always seems to write its editorials for a very small audience: Very liberal people who have left the Church or who are at extreme odds with the Church and Her authentic teachings. We should all acknowledge something NCR refuses to accept: the Universal Church is now growing by leaps and bounds in the southern and eastern hemispheres of our globe, and these areas are even more conservative on moral and theological issues (albeit liberal on economic matters) than most Western religious conservatives. Which Western, mainstream conservatives have called for the imprisonment of gays? None that I know of. However, several RC bishops in the developing world have supported those efforts in their own countries. European and American liberals no longer matter; the power now resides elsewhere, and Holy Father Francis has accelerated this change due to his recent appointments "from the peripheries" to the College of Cardinals.
So, it's sadness that causes a person to be transgendered? Fascinating.  Be sure to draft your study for peer review. I get so tired of hearing from friends that they're so depressed they just want to change their gender identity over it. All they need to do is get a dose of happiness and problem solved! Why didn't anyone think of this sooner?!
I know when it be great if anyone that exercised their 1st ammendment rights had to pay a tax?  And the other tax free property known for sexually abusing kids is the school system.  So the Catholic was known for having a gay priest problem so therfore they should be more accepting of gays? Thats a liberal good idea for you.
" You cannot ram your own personal beliefs and values down the throats of the rest of us "  ? Of course they can--look at the gay rights movement .They are forcing their beliefs and values down our throats every time one of them uses the wrong bathroom and gleefully say's it's their right. That issue is over sexual relations . Abortion is over killing the innocent nearly born who have no way to defend themselves--except  from the voices calling for the end of this  horrific act . At this time there is no argument women have the right to kill as they choose--but that right might be ending very soon.  Imagine the day where women are responsible enough to use protection that keeps them from getting into the PG situation in the first place. Adoption should be the first choice if you don't want kids and were irresponsible enough to get PG. It's odd that the same people gung ho for killing the innocent by abortion fight to keep convicted killers alive by being against the death penalty.
The majority of voters has no bearing on the legality of something- homosexual marriage showed you that. Every state overwhelmingly voted against homosexual marriage and the courts said "yes," anyway.   Also, all you have to do to change the "law of the land" is to change the law.  Minimum wage laws were found by 3 different Supreme Courts to be unconstitutional before a 4th found it WAS constitutional under the commerce clause. You make this sound like settled science when nothing could be further from the truth.
By "religious liberty", do they still mean the freedom to discriminate against gays and the ability to deny contraceptives to their employees?
The problem was that Trudeau drew attention to the fact that the fellow he was superior to was indigenous, why did he do that? .  The outcry would have been the same if he had said the opponent he beat was colored or gay.
Nothing in particular outside of noting that gay people have a variety of interest and belong to all parties.   In other words they are pretty normal, have diverse opinions and co-exist with a broad range of people sharing similar interest.   Maybe both parties should quit using this particular group of people as a volleyball as if either party has the right to speak for a stereotyped interest group.
After reading this column and these comments I have to come to the conclusion Canada is lost. There is no hope for human rights or liberties in Canada as Islam continues to  expand and take control of our social fabric.  Gay rights , women's rights, and the rights of other minorities will be throw away to appease delicate Muslim sensibilities, and Wente here will cheer it as a great victory for justice and understanding, when if fact it is the closing down of all free speech and equality.
Scripture must be read critically or else you are proof texting.  Was I interpreting Romans 1 or Timothy incorrectly?  Neither broke ground.  The points they made were about sex in pagan society and about the law in general (which is a reference to Leviticus, which is culture bound, not universal in that it was meant to keep Jewish culture separate from the Babylonian culture).  Of course, much of the opposition to gay marriage today seems more cultural/group affirming than moral analysis.  Decent moral analysis has to do with the question scripturalists evade - were gays born/created that way?  The CDF letter (not even an encyclical) said gays were disordered (a natural law sophistry, not a scriptural term) because we were all getting too close to allowing gay marriage, which would damage the Catholic brand and become inconvenient for those who blame child sex abuse on gays.  Science answers the question differently than the Rebi of Babylon did and that scares the hierarchy.
Family law applies equally to gay and straight couples, and adultery occurs in gay marriages, too.
Like a preacher who rails against gays but has a boyfriend on the side or the politician who opposes abortion, except the one he paid for his mistress, Yiannopoulos was ripe for a downfall.  As usual the more right wing commentators are quick to blame the left, the fact the tapes were released by a very conservative organization is, to me, funny as hell.
“Ziggy” The song is about a guy she met out of nowhere one night Very handsome guy, very funny, very charming, they went for coffee She saw him very often after that night and she knew... he is not like the others guys He’s Gay, it doesn’t matter to her...it’s her best-friend  and she knows He will nerver Love Her (A long time Favorite song among Francophile around the World- Even today) (onYouTube)= Celine Dion- Un garcon pas comme les autres https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hmhfcjO81k (copy-paste in wb address)
So who are protected and who isnt? Im not gay, so is someone that is protected more than me? Who decides this godly judgement? And how is that equal? And how is he not forced if hes forced? Just a double standard that shouldnt be.
Peaceful coexistence of people requires all to respect both the rights of individuals to privately express themselves without fear but also to respect the dominant sentiments of large segments of the population. This requires paced change not hasty ill-considered offense to established mores.  The precipitate change in Canada within less than one generation from police rounding up homosexuals to the PM grandstanding internationally as their champions is a poor way of effecting a genuine and durable change in popular attitude.
Did the baker discriminate against the gay people?
Re-write: I haven't Trump hasn't. Senator John McCain has. Quite a few transgender people are currently serving, and have served in the past. Kristen Beck (formerly Chris Beck) "served 20 years as a Navy SEAL, including seven combat deployments, and earned a Purple Heart and Bronze Star." -- US News and World Report. Secretary of Defense Mattis was conducting a study and analysis through December, NOT on whether transgender people should serve, but on policy for new transgender recruits. Even Rep. Vicky Hartzler, who wanted no funding for sex reassignment surgery, insists she wasn't trying to kick transgender servicemembers out. Plus, there are political analysts saying Trump did this to free up money for his beloved Mexico border wall. A White House staffer boasted how this would put the squeeze on Democratic congresspeople in midwestern states. Are those good reasons to expel all transgender people from the armed services? And people who haven't served still have a right to comment.
Apart from Israel, the Kurds are the only people in the region that support the equality of women and gays.  A little oasis of civilisation.
Childish and offensive eh?  No, it's just me not buying into the claims that gay people don't have a choice in this and are predisposed to being attracted to the same sex.  My wife and I had a neighbor years ago who had sleep over parties with her friends, some of whom were gay. A gay guy remarked to her that he could turn me.  That told me right there that they are choosing this and are not pre disposed.  Spacey was being honest in that he has chosen relationships with men and with women and is now just choosing men.
"PeaceHealth was telling me my son was undeserving of medical care simply because he’s transgender." No, PeaceHealth was simply saying it didn't want to pay for frivilous "medical care" for your daughter. Many girls (and boys) struggle emotionally as their bodies change in puberty; parents and others should help the children through those changes, not try to reverse them.
So from what I gather from your comment, you do not view transgender people as normal and you are starting from the premise that allowing these abnormal folks to use the bathroom of their choice will decrease the safety of other users. This is simply not supported by the data. I do empathize with people that feel uncomfortable being naked around members of the opposite (or the same) sex. Shoot, there are some old men at the gym who I wish were a little less comfortable with nudity. My point was that I don't think that these uncomfortable situations will occur very frequently. If they do, then there should be a dialog about how to provide sufficient cover/privacy in these locations. Seems silly to alienate a group that already feels unwelcome just because a few "normal" folks are afraid they might at some point feel uncomfortable. Come to think of it, these "normal" folks are starting to sound kind of snowflakey. Don't you think?
If this had been domestic violence - related to his previous conduct toward his former wife - he would have used his guns to go attack her or other women, at maybe a dress shop or beauty parlor.  He attacked a gay bar because of Islam's attitude about homosexuality....and its attitude about killing....and dying in the act of killing.
Why not include religious bigotry against women, homosexuals and Atheists? Why pander to Muslims, who are guilty of most of the violence against Muslims they consider Infidels? Are the Liberals going to investigate Canadian Muslims accused of attacking other Muslims? http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/luckily-i-escaped-man-accused-of-role-in-pakistan-mosque-attack-tells-of-his-return-to-canada
Part of that is because there's different versions of the facts floating around.  If you read any of the actual court decisions, it's clear he refused to sell a cake to this couple for their wedding because they're gay.    You'll see a lot of people claiming that he just refused to decorate the cake in a certain way (which is a more defensible position), but there's no support for that in the record.
While Church "agonizes" over "LGBT" - or just pruriently preoccupied - the new epidemic of internet sex that has nothing to do with homosexuality grows and spreads.  While society is beginning to recognize that LGBT is not primarily about the old "bath houses" and "hook-ups" but rather person and relationships, our Church persists in its "dirty thoughts" and justifying its emotional revulsion in exclusion.  Meanwhile, some of our "heterosexual" sons, daughters and neighbors kids are immersed in or tolerating taking, stealing, sharing, gloating over, bargaining for, blackmailing for, engaging in a whole new dimension of sexual exploitation that is diametrically opposed to love, relationship, decency, health, let alone "catholic morals". This is in addition to the increase in "traditional" sexual introductions.  Of course that's "natural", complementary? Whether hetero or homosexual our "teaching authority", "experts in humanity" seem, ironically, "impotent".    "Gay" is an easy target.
In holy scripture it is written that the only unpardonable sin is to blaspheme the Holy Spirit. When people deny other people's love I personally believe that that blasphemes the Holy Spirit since, as scripture also tells us, the Holy Spirit blows where it will - who are any of us to question the movement of the Holy Spirit? And if it is indeed the Holy Spirit that animates peoples' love for one another then that love, if it is true, is also real. Conservatives simply dismiss that argument by saying that no gay love can be true, and therefore also not real. Okay, I get that, but if I presumed to judge whether other people's love for someone was real and true or not I would not be prepared to face my God on my day of judgment knowing that I'd blasphemed the Holy Spirit on so many occasions. I just wouldn't. That's why I pity homophobes - and pray for them. I fear their fate as much as they fear mine.
No ...that's incorrect ...The bible speaks directly to homosexuality ...it's not just a handy thing to say
Right--because we have sold out on all the moral teachings.  We marry gay couples, we allow for abortion on demand, contraception, divorce and remarriage, etc. We no longer have the Blessed Sacrament and have allowed for inter-communion as a result.  Bishops are now mere figure heads who are elected and have no real or meaningful authority. The same with pastors/priests.    Sir, as a conservative I can identify with what you are talking about--but there is a huge difference between the Catholic Church and the Protestant Church.  Some parts of the Church may have Protestant appearances--but those appearances are very deceiving.    While I agree that the Mass is a bit "protestantized" that is because of the misapplication and misinterpretation of Vatican II--not because  the Church actually called for what we have now.  But don't confuse the high church Roman pomp and pageantry with the Faith.  What makes Mass is that the sacrifice was offered--not chant, Latin, smells, bells, pomp, etc
This is quite probably the most glaring anti-life action of ANY political leader alive today. It is an act that could imperil the very survival of our entire species. And yet the US catholic bishops, with their monomaniacal obsession with abortion and gay marriage, seem to be quite oblivious to it all. How utterly appalling. Never again should these bishops dare call themselves "pro-life".  They need to acquaint themselves of Cardinal Bernardin's seamless garment ethic, and Pope Francis' Laudato Si'. And they need to find their collective voice very, very quickly ... lest a whole bunch more millennials walk away, heads downcast ...
First let me say I am LGBTQ.  So a gay guy is in with straight men and by definition finds other men physically attractive is OK, similarly in your view a lesbian woman who by definition attracted sexually to other women is OK, do I have that right?  They because of their genitalia are in the "right" restroom.    But a person who was born in a man's body but whose gender is female is a predatory threat to all and sundry?  Yet you can't site a body of evidence to substantiate that a trans person is somehow predatory at or in greater numbers than any other person.  My, seems like Judging not lest you be judged or perhaps bearing false witness or perhaps not loving your neighbor as yourself seems to be going on.  Good thing your aren't of the Christian faith or you could be in real trouble.
We actually frequently write about new restaurant openings in Portland. And I mention their racism. Do you have some links about their LGBT policies? If I write about them again, I would definitely like to include that info.
Nobody can totally escape the zeitgeist one is born into. If the society is fundamentally racist, misogynistic, homophobic  and xenophobic - it is likely that everyone will have elements of these attitudes, even if they don't consciously realize it.  Even a person who is black or female or gay will have these same attitudes about themselves, subconsciously or not. Example: nobody feels "less" for being blond instead of redhead. But every gay kid worries about being gay before slowly accepting him/herself. Why? Because they have internalized the homophobia that permeates society. So TO AN EXTENT we are ALL racist, homophobic, misogynistic  etc.  The main thing is to recognize the signs and work to eliminate the overt  reactions. Born in 1911, my father was racist - everyone was. At 90 he announced that he had changed because, in and out of hospitals, he realized how nice, competent and decent black people actually were. ""How could I still have my old ideas?" he asked.   Exactly!
Agree, it is not about a license to sin, it is about realizing that stable, married homosexual relations are not sinful.
First question based on headline is what are transgender students' rights?  So transgender students' have special transgender rights?  Good Grief!
Father Zuhlsdorf doesn't criticize the Pope. He does support Latin masses. However! Unlike this paper, he doesn't support gay marriage or female ordination.
since some of those male fetuses may grown up to be gay problem solved not enough women to marry? . some of the men can marry other men as Nature intended
Not "entirely from the perspective of social science", but more importantly from a growing consensus and public consciousness. You seem to acknowledge this yourself as "generally considers equal treatment of LGBT people in terms of justice". This is somewhat distinct from a more esoteric or academic "social science".  You also give too much credit to the church. To adopt your terminology they don't "entirely"  "approach the subject in terms of scripture and tradition". Rationalize yes, but also upon the more recent defensive construct that still refuses to de-link homosexuality from clerical sex abuse, maintaining and capitalizing upon the debunked myth. This in addition to what you rightly identify as tradition:  the sexual complementarity model revived by Pope John Paul, which in turn supports the "spousal" argument for the exclusion  of women, not to mention the reproductive politics of sex, etc. Too much vulnerability to seek common language with LGBT let alone honest discussion.
He's a man so that won't do.  I was thinking more along the lines of Theresa Spence now that she's looking for work but I'm pretty sure the CBC is hoping to cover all of their bases by hiring a non-white, aboriginal, trans gendered individual.
"...the impossibility of deciding which voice  speaks of Anglicanism."  A while ago, Justin Wilby's predecessor, Rowan Williams, tried to get ALL the various provinces of the Anglican Communion (together almost 5% of global Christianity) to sign on to a covenant, a stronger, more centralized inter-provincial polity, binding them as a communion of churches to certain practices and teachings. Many African Anglicans were open to it, hoping that it would include a ban on gay Anglican clerics from entering into civil unions (which the Church of England permits), others a ban on women bishops, others a ban on laypeople presiding at a liturgy (which diocese of Sidney permits). Anyway, that covenant was tosses aside. Rome was not happy. It wanted the Communion to adopt the covenant. Since then, Rome has had no real interest recognizing AC's orders, not until AC has a more unified church polity (horrified that some African Anglican bishops refuse to worship with their Western peers).
I think parents who talk about gays as being out of sync with biological fact (and in the case of Catholic parents they are informed by Catholic teaching) are a major cause of suicide. http://religion.blogs.cnn.com/2010/10/21/churches-contribute-to-gay-suicides-most-americans-believe
RG:  "Others were there simply because they hate President Donald Trump, support gay rights, support transgender individuals, and support people of all colors and nationalities."....   ouch!  that's a pretty strongly worded phrase.. others were there simply because they hate president donald trump... is that what people told you? they "hate"  trump? i'd  love to see some of those quotes. please share...
"The Ontario government is likening a proposed Christian law school's requirement... to a bar against Jews that existed in the province's legal profession nearly 200 years ago."  Is this respectful, even to the truth? Hardly, when anyone can attend Trinity University, including homosexuals or anyone else, no matter their persuasion, and become a lawyer there.  This is no ban on anyone becoming a lawyer at Trinity. Here, on this discussion site, we are asked to be RESPECTFUL to everyone, yet perhaps the Government would like to set an example by respecting the facts that NO one is prevented from becoming a lawyer at Trinity. Trinity respectfully asks that the general values of a private institution be respected and that is all and as such the attendee is given the option of respecting the request or not...it is no bar to anyone. If only the Ontario Government would have the same decency and not BAR a college from teaching the law to others. The government's action is draconian overkill.
"“We are the party that wants to see every resident thrive so they can build their business, family and community without excessive government interference. That’s the future we see for Hawaii.”  I hope this is correct and means the republicans will drop  abortion and gay marriage as issues  but rather  push for the legalization of pot and a reliance on the military and prison industrial complex for jobs?  One can always hope.
"Gays can purchase any pre made cake they want at Masterpiece Bakery because it's right." My God, you convict yourself with your own words. How is what you wrote any different from "Blacks can ride any public bus they please, as long as they sit in the back"? No, Thor, gay couples cannot be restricted to pre-made cakes from a bakery shop that provides custom cakes to straight couples. That's discrimination.
I am not going to ask Jesus because I am not a religious person.  I also fully support gay marriage and believe it should be 100% legal worldwide.  Neither of those is the issue, in my opinion.  Whether something is an "endorsement" or not is subjective, and is up to the individual.  One person might feel that way and another might not.  What I am against is requiring someone to make a personal expression contrary to their beliefs as a condition of doing business.  Personally, if I held the same beliefs as the baker, I would have just made the couple a plain sheet cake and told them to do whatever they want with it.  At that point, you've complied with the law without compromising your beliefs.
Not just any cake, no.  But a wedding cake for a gay wedding?  Certainly.
Ryan has a choice, bipartisanship or pandering to the GOP's version of libertarians (although true libertarians are pro-gay rights, these are more the Ron Paul variety).  Sadly, I believe the Speaker sympathizes with much of their insanity.  He has been pandering to it rather than forcing a vote which would out them and then taking away their leadership posts. We live in interesting times.
This is very true.  Too many people do not realize this.  Pedophilia has nothing to do with homosexuality.  However, I do believe a male exclusive hierarchy with access to kids attracts pedophiles.  This is true whether the men are married or not.
I suppose there are some who believe the way you have described above. So what! You can find all kinds of ideas out there on immigration or any topic. Just as there are Hispanics who are racists or think that gays are perverts, or blacks that think they are superior to other races.   Simply because there are those who are categorically anti-immigrant, that does not tell us anything about Trump's views.
Unless she does report to the Pope. In that case I wonder if he knows she is Jewish (according to the RNS), transgender (according to Donohue) an LGBT journalist (according to her Facebook)? In other words the kind of person the Swiss Guard keep a profile of.
Jack Bauer fiscal responsibility.... that would be bullying both of his neighbouring countries to submit to America's trade deal..... don't worry about Canada. responsible immigration...... build a wall, ban only certain ethnic groups. equal rights..... but not for LGBQT citizens. races..... except Muslims and Mexicans and Haitians. religion..... ask Steve Bannon. Evil?
If you polled 100k people I will wager the majority will make the same assumption I did, and that is because it is valid. If a person boasts of bisexuality that is because they "swing" both ways, and that is strongly implied in the very statement itself. And I ain't buying the claim that she is monogamous...Sorry.
Yup.  Despite having been invited as honoured guests of Pride last year, they hijacked the parade and extorted the organizers.  Now they are laying claim to the entire event and their disrespect abounds.  “Pride is actually ours. Queer and trans people of colour actually started this,” said BLM co-founder Rodney Diverlus. “We don’t need to register for a deadline, we don’t need to tell you we’re coming, we don’t need to pay money for a float. We’re just going to take up space.”   Here's a hint BLM:  show some respect and you might get some in return.
Milo Yiannopoloulos - you mean Gay Uncle Tom? If you took the time to review some of his lovely writings, you'll find out that his views can be just as homophobic as anyone else - to paraphase: he doesn't hire gay guys because they cause drama and don't work as hard.
Even if transgenders are allowed to continue in the military, tax dollars should not be spent on reassignment surgery should not be paid for.  The military will become a place for people to join for a minimal enlistment of maybe 3 years, get the surgery then leave with more than $100,000 worth of surgery.  Transgender people in the military have medical expenses approximately 14 times more than non transgender persons.
"but not necessarily homophobic."  But you are not "someone who has spent years studying homophobic bullying in high schools"  Those are the glasses she has been looking through  and possibly for decades.
I support religious liberty AND Thomas Jefferson's great wall of separation between church and state. No religion should trump equality under the law. Period. Good fences make good neighbors. Why does fundamentalism target gays rather than ALL persons who violate biblical morality like divorce and living together etc.?
Yes, you can receive communion but you can't work for the diocese nor become a priest. "Francis' man" Cupich fired Sandor Demkovitch and Colin Collette after they "came out" and he defrocked Fr. Marco Mercado because of his “inappropriate relationship with an adult man.”  At least these 14 anti-gay religious crusaders were at the pope's "traditional marriage" conference in Nov. 2014. In December, the pope confirmed the Vatican statement that homosexuals cannot be priests, confirming the official view that "this inclination is objectively disordered." Not Tobin nor any Catholic official has offered sanctuary to immigrants.
When you can show me how something you drop falls up rather than down, I will be happy to have a conversation about the reality of natural law.   That most other Americans - Christian, Jewish, and Muslim - believe homosexual behavior is immoral is a demonstrable fact. To you and those who share your contempt for their beliefs that  "it makes it difficult to raise children who are morally straight" and "it weakens the family as the cornerstone of society", they give chorus of "So what?"  Every law, including the Constitution, is a matter for a majority decision.  As the last election demonstrated, sufficient arrogance leads to a practical demonstration of that reality.
Elagabalus, I appreciate your post, as I have so often before and, close to always, been in full agreement with what you write. Also, I have, many times, on this very blog pointed out the hypocrisy you mention; how gays are being singled out, while others, with whom one has a disagreement, are given a pass.   Yet, since this is a blog for discussion, I am hoping to hear from some, who have some ideas about a compromise before I dig in my heels on taking a position. Unfortunately, since the Supreme court's decision, all I have heard from are those who see it as a "winner take all" issue. I'd still like to hear from those who are willing to consider an alternative.   Again, I sincerely, thank you for this and your many other posts.  John David
People who adopt a homosexual identity reject Church teaching, so why should they care? Get communion and burial from the Episcopalians
An article yesterday said that in some countries (Britain?) a transgendered person who has transitioned and lived as their preferred gender for 2 years may then enlist.  That seems to be a reasonable compromise.  Someone who is confused, or relatively new to this change, investment in this is cross dressing,  wanting hormone treatment and surgery at military expense? No.  As with any psychological issue, dealing with it as a civilian is the appropriate avenue.  Someone who begins this kind of journey after being in the service?  They should be provided objective counseling, and if the direction they want is reassignment through medication and/or surgery, they need to leave and take care of that and deal with all that is involved.  The military needs people to be working and ready for deployment and other duties without elective medical procedures sidelining them.
Russia is a sewer of anti-gay bigotry, and Chechnya in particular is a bestial and backward place where no LGBT people are safe. The fact that Canada is doing something to help those oppressed people is something we should be proud of, and some of the comments on this thread reek of bigotry and homophobia.
I agree with your point 100%.  In my previous comment I was really about attacking the base logic of Paprocki by allowing for his view of gay relationships.  Even giving him that much, his stance is more Catholic abuse on innocent victims.  When does that ever end?
State laws, or parts thereof, are often struck down by the SC.  It's the gay couple whose only injury is being offended.  The baker would be forced to be a significantly involved participant in what he considers a mockery of a sacred rite, which is arguably a greater (and Constitutional) harm than merely being offended. That's the part to which he objects, having otherwise NOT discriminated in the general conduct of business with the couple. The court will decide if they see it that way, or who is harmed the most.  Contrary to what you've stated elsewhere, freedom to practice one's religion extends beyond choosing where you worship, and includes freedom from the state coercing you into violating your religious tenets.  Of course you can CLAIM anything in the name of a religion; you can claim a cat is a dog, if you wish. The sticking point comes in proving you can support your claim. Not difficult, probably, for a Christian to prove he considers marriage a holy male-female covenant.
In the case under consideration, the only way your statement makes sense is if "the Law of God" says "discriminate against gays". Do you believe that?
Remember D.A.R.E? There are severe limits to how much government agencies can do to influence teenagers when booze, weed and cigs are legal for adults.   It's a hard sell to say it's fine for adults but bad for teens. Hypocrisy is the kiss of death.  However, providing services for teens who feel they need help managing their use of substances makes sense. Asking for help is different than having someone trying to preach to you.   "Boiler Room, Dove House Advocacy Services, Jefferson Mental Health and local transgender support groups — which were identified as stakeholders in implementing intervention strategies around health equity."   The Boiler Room is a drug, alcohol and tobacco free place. Odds are the people hanging here aren't the folks you're trying to reach   Dove House supports victims of domestic violence.   Jefferson Mental Health and transgender support groups?    So the idea is that smokers who need intervention come from those places or groups?  "Health Equity"????
Numerous? Compared to the large male numbers?  And the question remains if the numbers would decrease if we had a mixture of men, women, married and single, homosexuell and heterosexuell , mothers, fathers, grandparents etc. among our religious staff. I think it would. But knowing RCC the old men would only allow the ordination of women after a vow of virginity. With the chance of  some more abuse cases as a consequence...
Sex is not a toy, but its unitive role in marriage is doctrinal. It was designed to be pleasurable, even with no procreation. Sex is not banned with menopausal women. The implication that gay sex that is non-procreative is implies that it would have to be.
The Church teaches that sex is reserved for married men and women because sex is how babies are created.  This belief serves many purposes beyond depriving children of getting their jollies and discouraging boys from using their digestive organs for recreation.    But the point is that the Church is so afraid of losing the youth that it doesn't even talk about sex any more.  So the homosexuals and the media have taken on the role of selectively talking about the Church's teaching on sex as if the Church is merely prudish and antiquated.     Here's what's not antiquated, but the lib media doesn't talk about: - Young girls being used for sex; - Teenage girls getting pregnant and ruining their educations; - Teenage girls getting STDs; - Teenage girls seeking abortions; - Unwanted babies being killed in the womb; - Babies being raised without a father in the household; - Babies being raised in poverty; - Single moms and fatherless children relying on government assistance;  Shall I go on?
Such organizations are political in nature.  Like the dsm, they come to conclusions based on votes and the political whims of the day.  The appeal to authority simply doesn't hold water when we see these categories and judgement change with the political winds based not on science but on changes in official declared labeling and definitions. There aren't enough transgendered women to have this become a problem. The attempt to cast aspersions over a term which is not universally agreed as some kind of slur is not an argument.  The fact that you need to fall back on  the "no homo" strawman shows the case for this stuff is more based on political pressure and shaming tactics than any scientific fact. Whether it is fair for people who were once male to compete with females is not a trivial issue for you to brush off because of your need to virtue signal.
Patrick Brown looks like a country boy trying to impress people but doesn't know how. The conservatives tops really don't have any real leaders since Mike Harris, a string of unimpressive figures. This is the party that abandoned all conservative values on almost everything, they keep silent on sexedu curriculum, drug for sell and the same sex marriage, etc. I am not sure what makes them different from the liberal.
Had the LGBT crowd just "gave it a rest" then gay marriage wouldn't' be the law of the land.  As long as there is an appeal to be had it aint over.  We have already seen how Obama has got his hand smack for using executive power to expand a federal program and he is losing that fight.  Please don't cry crocodile tears about the deficit. You want to expand Medicaid and have it funded by the federal government that is 18 trillion in debt. So please don't pretend to care about spending.
You don't get that disapproval of gay marriage often (not always) is about religious belief? And he has never said it's about gays or a gay "lifestyle", he's always said it's about a gay wedding. It's the event, not the people.  He's never been accused of refusing to sell anything else in his shop to someone gay.
I do not agree with Pride not inviting the Police to be involved with Pride...it's a big mistake.  Yes, some police in their work are being racists or homophobic and as a young gay guy in Toronto many years ago, I had to deal with Metro Police and their homophobia as I lovingly held the hand of a man I love when we strolled down Yonge Street.  But now many years later working in Vancouver I work closely with the Police and many are really cool and grasp that it's important that as they playing a role of authority that they see beyond the colour of someone or their sexuality, gender etc.  I hope this evolves...how can we move on if Pride does not welcome the Police to take part in the parade celebrating that we are all people and everyone deserves respect. The Police have to play an important role in our lives and we should welcome them to walk with us....we will move forward with them with us, not pushing them away.
Cue the circus music.   The people who believe that gay people are going to burn for all eternity in a lake of fire married to the people who believe that the free market will fix everything.   Good grief.   Should be entertaining anyway.
As the sister of a gay man who came out of the closet in the 80s I've been defending him for the past 30-something years. I'm so tired of people never being able to differentiate my brothers other than by their sexual preference. They have names, jobs, live in different parts of the country. If you think the families of gay people haven't been walking the walk, think again. I also have a gay nephew who I now support. But one thing I won't supporting this year is the Pride parade. I'm no fan of the cops but I don't support BLM hijacking the parade. I hope Toronto gays insist that Cuba and Jamaica are left out of Caribana. Look how they've victimized homosexuals over the years.
You've already judged people based on their sense of humor and how they vote. It's OK, I'm sure there is a stoic, boring, vegan, Hillary voting lesbian out there for you somewhere.
Everyone does not pay and it is not working. Why do you keep repeating false talking points from leftist news organizations and other leftist ideologues? The Heritage Foundation's idea of an individual mandate never tied the IRS to it and it wasn't a legal requirement. IOW, what they thought might be a good idea back during the Hillarycare debate was nothing like Obamacare. They have since changed their mind on an individual mandate. You understand changing one's  mind. Like gay marriage and such, remember how Hillary and her ilk were so against it and now they aren't.  Admit it, Obamacare is a failure and it belongs 100% to the democrats.
The original complaint came from a local CG resident that officiated the couples marriage so please put your homophobic card back in your pocket for another day..Old Soul.
So, deny payments for the surgery if he's that upset over something that would amount to one one-hundredth of one percent of the Defense budget. But don't kick all transgender people out of the military. You're a perfect example of Trump's famous "Fifth Avenue" quote.
scaleworker writes:  "Nonsense, what gives Canada the mandate to be the savior of all Gay`s world wide."  --  Basic human decency?
Unfortunately for your argument Ordinatio Sacerdotalis does not consist of “Jesus did not chose any women to be apostles. Therefore, woman cannot be ordained as priests.”  The ordination of women  was considered,  a number of heterodox sects ordained them based on deficient theologies of the Eucharist, and with no exceptions the Church treated these “orders” as null and void from the age of the Apostles to today. The ordinary magisterium, then, infallibly concluded that Jesus’ decision was part of the constitution of the sacrament.  Similarly while fornication was not mentioned in the Gospels, it was forbidden in the Old Testament, and was consistently treated as sinful by the Church with zero exceptions from the age of the Apostles to today.  As was homosexual behavior. The Church rests its teaching on both Scriptures and Tradition - capital “T”.  Therefore using the Gospels alone as negative proof texts is an exercise in complete illogic.
Racism, xenophobia, Islamophobia, homophobia, and religious intolerance are not Canadian values. Justicels ----------------  so there are Canadian values after all ?  so why all the fuss from the left when Kellie Leitch says there are Canadian values
Are you a scientist?  Everybody can have an opinion.  But actual, physical  evidence that supports multiple demonstrations of a well defined theory---is what counts.  Not opinion.  What the official church has taught, in the pulpit, in schools, in catechetical programs and in RCIA programs is myth as demonstrated truth: that humanity fell after committing a sin of disobedience in the Garden.  Humanity fell from where?  Human development followed the development of all animals.  Some species died out.  Some were destroyed by physical changes on the earth.  Most species evolved [as did humans].  By the time that there was a homo sapiens---there were more than just a single couple, and in more places than the savannahs of Africa.    The study of thousands and thousands of animals and their sexual orientation have DEMONSTRATED [not just expressed an opinion], that homosexuality exists among every species of animal.  Enzymologists are tracking down the enzyme[s] that cause it in humans.
Sharia law has no place in my Canada.  Nor does slavery, FGM, murdering gays for being gay or demanding submission to Allah.  Honour killings are not the Canadian way, nor is attacking Synagogues.   There is little hatred for Muslims in Canada, but a growing hatred of radical Islam.  Those who come here and demand the rest of us comply with a hateful  Medieval doctrine are worthy of all the hatred and contempt we can muster for them.
We go down this road at least weekly Gary and every time you say Im posting facts with no source and every time I post the source saying exactly what I said they said. Am hoping that someday you will figure out that when I tell you what the facts are that I wouldn't have to go back every time and waste most of my very limited word count to help you look foolish.  Sandfort (2007) Pedophilia and the gay movement. J Homosexuality 13(3):89-107. ↩ Cameron Homosexual molestation of children/sexual interaction of teacher and pupil. Psychological Rpts 57:1227-36. ↩ Freund, et al Pedophilia and heterosexuality vs. homosexuality. J Sex & Marital Therapy 10:193-200. ↩ Muir - Homosexuals and the 10% fallacy. Wall Street J March 31.  Abel, et al (1987) Self-reported sex crimes of non-incarcerated paraphiliacs. J Interpersonal Violence 2:3-25
Finally some sense. Thanks some comments. I only wish the usual readers spouting off relentless racism labels had some sense of the term. My favourite is them saying trump is a homophobe yet he is the first president elected who came into power agreeing that gay marriage should be allowed. Almost as funny as those who call milo yananopoulous a homophobe. I mean the guy is gay lol.
Now I know you're not being disingenuous. You're actually making things up. The Oxford, Merriam-Webster, Vocabulary.com, and Cambridge dictionaries all refer to apartheid via the specific example of South Africa. Merriam-Webster: "racial segregation; specifically a former policy of segregation and political and economic discrimination against non-European groups in the Republic of South Africa." And if you're willing to broaden your mind past a one sentence definition, you can consult Wikipedia for how the system was administered by a white minority over a black majority in that country.   Discrimination of one form or another exists in every nation. You complain that Sharia law discriminates against homosexuals. So does the law in the USA, and until very recently Canada. Does that mean that the US is an apartheid state? No. Homosexuals in the US aren't segregated or politically discriminated against. They are however discriminated against by the state in other ways.
If would help if Spacey had come out earlier. Coming out when he did associated being gay with being a sexual predator. Also, he never owned up to it. He just accepted the accuser's story. Could mean that he has done similar things multiple times and doesn't remember who he did what to.
Hi Paul,  In North Carolina the republicans used the new NC voter ID law exactly for the purpose you describe.  And many pro voter ID folks are mad as heck about it.  One for getting the voter ID law struck down and two being used as pawns by these despicable politicians.  This along with the transgender bathroom fiasco is the beginning of the end for the old boy network in NC.  My guess, it won't be long before Georgia's old boy network will be history also.  With Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia leading the way and becoming the "New" South, it won't be long before the rest follow.
Pride...and back a long time ago, gay liberation are social movements. I do not agree that any one group within a social movement can own it.   Having come out in 1970, I have been part of many marches, demo's and celebrations in diverse company. In 1977, we marched down the Main St of Moose Jaw demonstrating against an appearance of Anita Bryant. Because, we were Euro or FN in origins, are you suggesting we were not fully part of the movement of the day? Or are you suggesting, just the folks of FN origins in our little Moose Jaw demo owned the movement in Canada?   We, they, all of us together are part of a social movement. Suggesting one or two parts of pride, can own it...sends one down a rabbit hole into a world of darkness and 'us's and them's.'
Gay marriage was never legal nationwide until the current court said it was.  At the time, Oregon had declared it to be illegal as voted on by a majority of its citizens.  That was overturned by the courts.   "Marriage is a legal contract with obvious social ramifications. The state has a clear stake in regulating it."   Those same arguments were made before gay marriage was legalized nationwide by this court.     Why does the state have a stake in regulating plural marriage but not gay marriage?
Why hasn't the Southern Poverty Law Center said anything about Chris Butler or Mike Gabbard?  I searched both their names at the splc website and no results. If they were guilty of hate speech, you'd think the SPLC would be on it, no?  Must be because it's not actually hateful to be against any given activity.  As long as you don't attack people who practice homosexuality you are not being hateful.  Or is all you're accusing these people of is being politically incorrect?
Let's start with the basics: the Church distinguishes "same-sex attraction," from "homosexual acts," and Fr. Martin conflates them under the terms "lgbt," "gay," et al.  So Martin, who obviously has same-sex attraction, has as his first issue the fact that the Church does not use the terms conflating attraction and act.  In other words, Martin's objection with the Church is it's refusal to accept same-sex sodomy as acceptable, moral behavior.  And that, when read in conjunction with the USCCB guideline on the subject, is really his only objection.  Using the conflated term "gay" Martin and all of those who identify themselves by embracing same-sex sodomy, intentionally avoid the immoral, degrading voluntary acts that if discussed would turn public opinion back to what it was when "homo" meant a man who engaged in sucking of or penetration with the penis with other men.  Now it's all about "love"( except that's not true) and "love is love" (except that's not true).
He was actually willing to talk about all late term abortion. That got shut down not by Obama but McConnell. BTW, as a non-Catholic, he had no obligation to follow Catholic Relativism, i.e. the Magisterium. He was wishy washy on gay marriage. Catholic Biden got him to commit and Biden was right.
I thought we hit rock-bottom when Dumbya had that gay escort posing as a "reporter" and asking softball questions. Who could have imagined the dumpster fire that is Drumpf?   What the right does regarding the media constitutes information warfare, and they darned well know it. They are trying to delegitimatize any source of real information (universities, the press, science) so that they can replace it with a steaming pile of propaganda.   Shady characters like Robert Mercer don't fund people like Bannon for the fun of it.
If I may just add, in some studies as many as 90% of the sexual attacks on minors by priests have been homosexual attacks on sexually mature but legally underage boys.  This phenomenon is properly called "ephebophilia" rather than pedophilia - an even more vile form of attack that has been rare among Catholic clergy.  Ephebophilia is fairly common in the gay male world and many gay males can tell stories about their first sexual encounter as a pubescent boy with an adult homosexual male.
It's not a question of equality, it's a question of sameness.  Women are different from men, gays are different from straights, and the Jews have a maintained a unique culture.  To deny such differences is closing one's eyes to reality.
Uh huh...like trying to ban trans people from the military and please do elaborate on why...
"How do they plan to enforce laws requiring you to use the bathroom connected to your sex organs at birth?"  That statement right there is the heart of the problem. As a transgender woman I have male genitals and a female gender identity. That's what a transgender woman is, and most of us don't get surgery. Nor should we have too. I refuse on moral grounds and also because it's a dangerous surgery with no guaranteed results. My birth certificate has been reissued to female despite those male genitals. That's normal in many states now. So laws designed to regulate bathrooms on the basis of genitals won't succeed. It's best to just quit policing genitals that you don't see to begin with.
I think the issue is actually your evidence. There is none to be had. The one study, much ballyhooed some years ago that purported to demonstrate a genetic link to homosexuality was proven to be entirely fraudulent. In fact, the researcher was later proven to have made data up wholesale because he had a vested interest in the outcome of the study. Now as to your other point, when homosexuality is treated as the unforgivable sin (it isn't), or when those who behave in a homoerotic manner are held up as somehow worse than others who sin sexually it must be corrected. However, correcting one sin must not mean justifying what is also sin, as the apologists for the homoerotic movement do. That isn't love anyway as love is defined as God, and includes not leading others into temptation.
The baker does not ask his potential customers if they have engaged in any form of sexual immorality. If he sees a heterosexual couple, he sells them a custom-designed cake, regardless of what they do in private. If he sees a gay couple, he refuses to design any cake for them.
As a Canadian trans woman living from time to time in the US I am feeling very vulnerable, and very angry. Thank you for stating this so well.
Let's be honest Rhyner?  How about starting with reality that you don't have a six-year-old daughter; great-grand-daughter perhaps.  Why don't you get on Youtube and look at a segment of children transgenderism program that Oprah aired years ago?  Homosexuality and transgenderism doesn't occur in adulthood, it becomes an issue during childhood development.  Children tend to be far more accepting of human behavior than adults.
EVERYONE must respect progressive values of equality for women, gays & LGBT that we have worked so hard to achieve; ....................... especially conservatives and Muslims.
Choosing the lesbian lifechoice is a pretty good method of birth control, and it's trendy right now too!  Don't forget to buy some tattoos and a Subaru.
Tri, you write "...what you call 'in your face'...". Yet, I don't see where I ever use that phrase. Since that is how you read my post, my question is: do you think a gay person who identifies his/her wife, husband, girlfriend or boyfriend as being in your face? If so, is a straight person, who does the same being in your face? From your posts, my sense is, you would hold gays as being "in your face" about their relationships, but not strights for doing the same.  One can claim many were/are uncomfortable about interracial couples. When introducing their loved ones, should interracial couples then never use the words "wife, "husband", "girlfriend" and "boyfriend"? Should they never put out a photo of their loved one or family as straight couples do?  Regardless of what you think of polls, gay relationships continue to gain acceptance. I think this is an issue for you and you want to insist gays are being unreasonable in wanting to as open with who they are as straight people are.
Who knows if Spacey is really guilty of said act or not. It doesn't really matter in the world of the left- the important strategy for Spacey is to find as many protected classes/victim strategies and ensconce himself in them all so that he may be perceived justified or "rehabilitated" asap. Coming out as gay is a pretty tepid start- better that he quickly combine it with a minority ancestor or two, feelings of gender confusion or being trapped in the wrong body, strong support for Planned Parenthood, hatred for Trump, sexism, racism, all the other liberal sub-isms, etc.. This is Harvey Weinstein's problem- he just hasn't added sufficient merit badges to create the facade of lurking integrity underneath the reprehensible character yet... For such "smart" men, Weinstein and Spacey had better quickly lay hold and understand that there are no real standards of good character in the progressive world- it only matters that there is form over substance... Even Kathy Griffen gets this.
I agree with you in the extent that I don't think that scripture can be manipulated to teach homosexual acts themselves are God designed.  There is nothing in the scripture to support that or in the Gospels.  However all love comes from God and that is in the scriptures.  This gives some allowance for the church to recognize the commitment of same sex people vowing to live and spread the Gospel as a couple whose joint commitment they are vowing not to allow other people to disconnect for any reason and a commitment they intend to keep for life based on their joint and unique love of each other & God.  We could bless such relationships and/or recognize that even in heterosexual marriage it is the couple who make the sacrament together - not the priest or witnesses so we do not have to judge what goes on in the marriage sexually in order to be witnesses or even officiators.  This allows the married couple to go to God on their own regarding sexual and morality issues in their marriages.
Monica you were on here very recently complaining how NCR is being trolled, how decent posters were being chased away, how the CC facility was a form of censorship, etc.. You are obviously aware of the problems - as well as the benefits - of social media.   Thousands of people taking to the streets is still a very powerful and effective form of protest, not least for the way it affects those who take part.  And it isn't a case of either or. Both is the answer.  The recent protests for the gay rights referendum in Ireland were absolutely magnificent and delivered a huge bloody nose for the Catholic Church in that country. And people around the world didn't need to a. Speak English or b. Be IT savvy, to get the message.
Arlene, I believe I have stated my case plainly, so if you refuse to acknowledge or understand it, that is your problem and not mine.  But again, for the record, and this has NOTHING to do with gay people per se, I am unhappy with the ADN pushing their agenda on us in the guise of news.  When a constant stream of 'stories' about a small community are foisted on us, out of all proportion to the population in question, one has to question the reasons and motives for that biased and disproportionate stream of stories.  Can you understand that?  How can I make it more plain to you?  I bet you'd be screaming if the ADN published two or three stories EVERY DAY about abortion, particularly in a negative light, and you'd be right to do so.  Not that abortion is not an important topic, but there is a matter of degree here, not content.
And who defines a wishy washy word like gender identity or expression? That is the problem alceste. It is completely ambiguous and open to subjective interpretation, not a good legal principle at all on which to base a criminal code amendment. There is no rigorous definitition of gender identity, whereas there dies exist a rigorous biological and objective definition of male, female and intersex.
If you are a voluntary member of a religion, and the religion teaches that certain behaviors should not be engaged in, and you willfully engage in said behaviors without expression of remorse, you should be booted from the religion.  Ideally, to avoid such action on the part of the religion, you should just leave voluntarily.  It's really not that hard.  The issue with people who embrace their same-sex attraction is not Catholicism; it's their willful decision to engage in and/or embrace acts that are deemed sinful by the Church.  If you want sin to be determined by the membership, then you want to be part of a social club not a religion.  If you so disrespect the Church's teaching on sin, then why do you have such respect for its provision of Communion and last rights?  It is just homosexuals fighting for homosexuals by attacking the Church; this has nothing to do with homosexuals desire for Catholic sacraments.
You have it backwards, it was the right who predicted our tourism and economy would fall off a cliff (and in some cases that God would rain brimstone down on us). So let me ask yo, since it was legalized, have you noticed a sudden influx of gay couples walking around in public? I haven't noticed one iota of difference.
"I don’t believe the diversity of the population is our country’s greatest strength. Canada’s greatest strength is the diversity of the choices the population is free to make once we are here." Your statement sounds nice, but you put the cart before the horse. (And in doing so have have given, inadvertently I assume, new fuel to the anti-multiculturalism brigade.) You cannot have diversity of choices if you do not have diversity of population. It is axiomatic.  Canada in 19th century had little diversity of population,  and minimal diversity of choice (women, minorities, LGBT, First Nations were all excluded from decision making -- the real definer of 'choice'.) It is only when new races, cultures immigrated here and seeded our society with new ways of thinking that diverse ideas flourished. Ideas such as the progressive idea that"minorities" like the author deserved a chance to have their choices respected.
The Church as a family.    I don't know about your family, but in our family, the one I was born into and the ones that joined this family by marriage, we don't kick out those who are gay or trans, those who are living with someone but are not married, someone who divorced and remarried.  We don't deny them a place at the able.  We don't refuse to let them share in the most nutritious and wholesome food, nor exclude them from prayers we share in gathering.   If we sing carols at Christmas, they join in, not excluded from the family "choir."    Is this like your family of blood relatives and those who join that family?  Is your parish family like the family Pope Francis described?
I thought there were certain standards for CB. Steeler is calling Caroline a transgender?
So, Blue Jay fans are now defending homophobic slurs and Donald Trump ?  Just move them to Nashville PLEASE.
So you're saying that you favour reducing the age of consent to 12 and making homosexuality illegal again.  Got it.
Call them what they  are! Although the it is difficult to ascribe names to all in a group, they are certain traits that characterize the majority of them. Homophobia is anti-gay, for example. But I don't know if you want to name persons who are inclusive as pro-gay. What's the difference? If you don't know I can't tell you because probably you won't listen!
I don't get it.. he is just LGBTCM leave him alone.
Should the Church be more secular? It depends. Some of my secular friends, which is the current term for atheistic, are so because of the abuses of the Church - not just the covering of child sexual abuse but in how the Church has politicized itself as the handmade of the reactionary movement. Some in the hierarchy seek, under the guise of religious freedom, religious power over both their employees and society.   Newsflash to the Chancery, if you think the woman going for your plumbing contract may be a lesbian, or you are sure because she talks about her wife, you may not reject her in our name for your bigotry. There is no moral reason to do so. You are being partisan puritans, not moral. You are not tainted by paying her to fix your pipes.
Up vote me if you would love to see someone (woman, man or trans) come forward with a previously buried sexual harassment claim against Boy Justin next.
I found an artical and it said that Brown talked about her experience of being bisexual.   She made this public for the first time in the mid 90's.   She talked about how frightening this was and her fear of losing her career.  (Not a new story)  I don't know why this bothered you?  Brown's been married for 20 years and has 2 step children, a better record in making a marriage work than many other public figures that create a 'sellable' image for the public.
Neither Putin's Russia nor Kadyrov's Chechnya care ....the fewer the better from their perspective...there has been an AIDS / HIV epidemic ( fed largely by their heroin crisis) that is out of control and exporting a tiny portion of their problem to the West serves many purposes.  But why Canada when there are more homosexual friendly countries much nearer to Chechnya...Belgium, Denmark, France, Holland?
NeoClassic_Liberal   With possible exceptions of racist and homophobic--jury is still out on those two, although Pence is unabashedly anti-LGBT--the rest has been displayed before our very eyes in rally after rally, speech after speech, interview after interview, tweet after tweet, over the past year and a half.  Have you been hiding under a rock?
Just add another block to ID "transgender" for those that did not opt to go the full sex change.  Checking their genitals at the door would be just too much, wouldn't you think?  However, those who have their own equipment, you are what you are, and cannot come in the same public restroom as my tutulady.  Can we agree for now on this?
So married men and women are not interested in sex. It's obvious that you don't know any gays, but apparently you don't know any straights either.
Law at all levels, from eternal to natural, must have consistency.  Once you bring in authority, you have gone from divining law to forcing it to your whim.  Irregardless, gay marriage is valid under deistic natural rights in civil society and natural law because gays were born that way and sharing love is a natural right under natural and civil law.
Let's talk about 'homegrown terrorist'.  The news is starting to come out that the shooter had been a frequent visitor to that gay nightclub.  He'd done extensive posting on various known gay social sights.........wait......wanting to 'hook up'.  Many of those who'd known him......knew he was struggling w/his own sexuality.    I can imagine the pain this murderer was going thru.  Perhaps there were extreme homophobic attitudes w/in his family.  Society has been angry and combative towards the transgender bathrooms for those who identify w/a sexuality other than who they were at birth.  In 1978, Harvey Milk gave a speech on LGBT and it's worth a listen.  He was murdered you know, for being a gay man.  So the FBI now have phones that were freely given by patrons of Pulse that back up their claims (and they were the closest to this murderer) that all of this death  was not Islamic based, nor was it about religion.  I am humbled and so sad that a homophobic society is still thriving. l2g
Who was it campaigning for gay marriage rights then?
Why do (some) evangelicals continue to support Trump?  I think the answer is fairly straightforward: they can count on Trump to hate all the people they hate.   Exhibit One (or, one exhibit): The 'ban' on transgendered  members of the military service. This is red meat for Trump's band of haters, and contradicts his pledge to be a friend to the LGBTQ communities (not that many of them believed him.)
Absolutely, although an oft quoted article by Ratzinger is not any more authoritative than a Trump tweet and is still just as wrong.  If you want to say that this debate shows that either the Magisterium is right and gays are disordered or that the Magisterium is not so infallible, gays are wonderfully made and made to love each other in lifelong and affirming sexual relationships than I will take that choice.  If you are of the opinion that the sufferings of Christ can be added to at all, which is the idiocy St. Anselm preached than I disagree again.  Christ made gays to test your ability to love, not their's to obey (they are obeying their hearts already).  So far you are failing and so has the Magisterium.
Yes, notice.  And compare with where the Democratic Party has traveled over the past 50 years . . . . the party of abortion, gay marriage, and general disdain for traditional American and Judeo-Christian values.  Do notice.
I've heard the theory that the idea of offering communion to the divorced is just a ploy by the homosexual cabal to normalize homosexual acts under Church teaching.  That is, if you allow divorce for those who commit adultery by divorce and remarriage, there is no reason to deny communion to those who commit adultery by committing homosexual acts.  Catholics who decide to divorce aren't all that Catholic; those that are, sought annulments and received them.  The Devil is quite clever and would make a good lawyer.
Shame on those that see this as action about protecting "their" privacy- it is not- it's about making OTHER people's privacy an issue.  NO ONE goes into the bathroom "to be seen." The very people you may claim as deviant are simply trying to live their life, not draw attention to themselves and be true to themselves. It is far more dangerous for transgender folks to go into gender specific bathrooms than anyone else. I see those that live such hate filled lives, using fear to sway others as the issue. Heartbreaking and horrified that this is even an issue.
Actually, it's not self-evident.  Just because you live in a Huffington Post/Daily Kos/NPR echo chamber and believe everything they spout doesn't make them factual.  The actual fact is that Trump is far to the left of the Republican Party on gay rights and has constantly supported gay rights over the years.  To think otherwise is to fall into a far-left, ad hominem trap.
(cont'd.) Also, there are folks who are bisexual, who are equally attracted to both genders sexually.  It's all part of nature, and very natural.  Sexuallity and gender identification are very-compicated matters, much more than you realize.
The actual number of "far left radical voters" in the United States is miniscule. And women's reproductive rights and homosexual marriage is two issues, not one.
This is all fine and good. But an honest investigation into LGBT divorce would be illuminating. When love dies and is replaced by anger and an all consuming need for revenge, there is precious little  to be proud of.
And as my gay friends say about the bishop, methinks she doth protest too much.
Everything starts with loving God.   Everything.  Love.  Work.  Play.  You don't really love God when you can't even follow his teachings on homosexual activity.  If you can't really love God then can you really love another person, your family, your friends, neigbors and strangers in a sustainable fashion through the daily temptations of life?  Matthew 22:36-40 New International Version (NIV)  36 “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?”  37 Jesus replied: “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’[a] 38 This is the first and greatest commandment. 39 And the second is like it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’[b] 40 All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments.”
I'm sorry, but the truth of the matter is that every merchant in this country sells goods and services on a daily basis to people in whose "lifestyle" they disapprove, they just don't know it because it's not written all over their faces, the way it is with gay couples who come in to buy weddings cakes. I may not like the guy next door who beats his wife and may not want to sell to him, but the law says I have to if I want to be a citizen in what is still (knock on wood) a pluralistic nation.   So the real issue is: why do only gay people get singled out for such special treatment? As for compromise, under American law religion is not a suitable reason to withhold goods and services since at one time religion was used to justify even slavery. The law didn't change, only our interpretation of it. The same is just as true for gay people now as it was for slaves a century and a half ago. Compromise should not even be in play here. In America, it's either one or the other, but not both.
Exactly!!! People are getting tired of the Democratic Party who cried Wolf too many times.  When an actual act of racism, violence against women, or other transgression we will probably ignore it as the race, woman, trans cards have been over played!
Not sure if this applies to Egleton, but people do grow and change their views on life. Years ago being gay was terrible, considered evil and even worse, but society has changed and we continue to grow and look at things from a more open mind, more respectful and inclusive. Let's not forget, but let's not hold grudges.
Catholic Rites/Churches (including those in union with Rome) have different mindsets in regard to theology, governance, and liturgy/sacraments.  Clarity on these and other issues is important.  Roman Rite/Church should be clear about its refusal to recognize gay priesthood.  Google Rite Beyond Rome
Science doesn't feel. Any software that can determine that someone is gay can also be used to determine someone is not gay so discrimination within science is not a factor.  Like any tool, the human intent behind the tool use is where problems lie.
Like "alleged Russian hacking" this "reported LGBT purge" leads me to wonder what Azerbaijan has done to get on the wrong side of the globalists that control the media recently.  I could look it up, but why bother. Likely they nationalized some resource or infrastructure that could have been used as a cash cow for foreign "investors".
Reese: "Alienated Catholics when they experience condemnation and exclusion, they leave, never to return" but offers no proof.  In 2016, PRRI asked those who no longer identify with a denomination why the left. "Notably, those who were raised Catholic are more likely than those raised in any other religion to cite negative religious treatment of gay and lesbian people (39% vs. 29%, respectively) and the clergy sexual-abuse scandal (32% vs. 19%, respectively) as primary reasons they left the Church.” Pope Francis approved a reiteration last November of the ban on priests with “deep-seated homosexual tendencies.” He has referred to same-sex marriage as an “anthropological regression,” “disfiguring God’s plan for creation” that will “destroy the family.”  The recent charges by the U.S. and Canada against a Vatican diplomat for child porn who is now shielded by the pope inside the Vatican against prosecution speaks for itself.
The baker here has no desire or plan whatsoever to "humiliate and denigrate" anyone. He just wishes to quietly decline business activity that is in opposition to his beliefs. It is the gay couple that decided to file suit against him that wants to see this baker humiliated and denigrated, forcing him to pay "damages" and forced to comply with their wishes or be forced out of business. They are the ones being immoral. They are the wicked ones here.
in the law, its just a marriage.  Not a special kind of marriage, just marriage. He is correctly enforcing 1184, but is should not apply because the teaching on homosexuality is wrong.  It was correct if being gay was a choice.  Now that we know it is not, homosexuality is natural, not disordered and love is natural, not sinful, provided it is in marriage.  The scandal to the faithful is not gay marriage, it is a bishop who resists it for his own partisan affiliations.  Bigotry is always a scandal.
Sorry, Paul, you realize that is just your opinion right.  I personally would paint swastikas all over liberal headquarters just to prove that they cannot control the conversation and those swastikas would have zip zero to do with Nazis.  In reality, I expect that the white pride slogan was in fact derivative of all the gay pride language that has been used for some time now.  No matter what things mean to you, you have no right to assert what those things mean to others.  Now certainly you find the phrase Black lives matter repulsive for all the same reasons you apparently don't like "white pride."  Now I suspect that you want to trash me as a racist or whatever despite that I believe in equal respect and opportunity for all.  But for me, I will not stand by and listen or watch fake liberals tell others what they think and what they mean - which you are trying desperately to do.
Man you sure have a twisted view of what just happened here.  The Liberals set up the committee as promised, and set it up so they did not stack it with a liberal majority as most committees are stacked.  The result was no consensus and a recommendation for a referendum which was not even part of the mandate.  I suspect the Cons (who want no change) and the NDP under Tom "switcheroo" Mulcair came up with the referendum recommendation, along with some wishy-washy Liberals.  So be it.  The Liberals , if they want to honour this "promise" should pick one that includes a proportional element, and run with it.  or forget it.  They gave it a heck of a good shot.  A referendum is not part of democcacy.  It works best for demagogues who want to pound minority views into the ground.  Image a referendum on women voting rights.  How do you think that would have turned out.   Using a referendum to decide anything other than simply .  How a bout rights of gays? or immigrants?
sexual preference is not a choice, I know many great gay guys, that would make excellent life partners, but myself being a heterosexual I can't fall in love with'em like that ,, well because I'm not gay nor can I choose to become gay, if you are really str8 you wouldn't find homosexuality a sinful temptation or a Fear.    we know about you.
Please stop comparing one person's immutable characteristics to another's. It is both bigoted and offensive.   You might as well say: Please stop comparing the ability to have black skin to a particular class of people!   Gay couples are no more limited to "who they want to sleep with" than you are to "what shade of pigmentation you wish to sport"!
That is a good point, Keysgoclick.   My original post was not against this story per se, but about the barrage of gay-related articles on the ADN in general, which are clearly excessive and seem more designed to force a social and/or political agenda on ADN readers rather than being report on real news.
No sir, my opinion is not flawed. How long will it be that someone will test the system of religious freedom pertaining to homosexual marriage and the courts force the churches , temples or mosques to go against the teachings. People of faith have rights and if their rights are violated then that is not freedom. So your knowledge of Patriotism is flawed.  Homosexual marriage is not a right. It is a choice.
The Parade organizers wanted to be politically correct by watering down the Pride message to be "inclusive"  the joke was on them when Black Lives Matter stopped the Parade with a protest last year  stick to gay pride and gay rights - it is after all a gay Pride Parade  the organizers don't know their own mission
BLM thrives on  intimidation and threats and bullying tactics in a peaceful Province governed by a gay Premier and in City where I'd suggest 95% plus support and respect our very professional and progressive police force led by our first black Chief.  Now, by bending to the will of  BLM's band of radicals and professional agitators they derailed  years of progress Pride fought for and broadly enjoyed.  Their support and community goodwill is now at risk.  Pride will pay a painful price for years to come unless they quickly reverse themselves and embrace the  Police Force for all the very good they do and continue  efforts to improve their relationship that has evolved 180 degrees for the better from where it was not that long ago.
You can find AR (Army Regulation) 635-200 at http://www.ansbach.army.mil/documents/RetVetAR635-200EnlSep.pdf  Paragraph 13 (found on page 56) does not mention transgender or any synonym for it. However, paragraph 17 does say "Transsexualism/gender transformation in accordance with AR 40-501 paragraph 3-35 "may be" a reason for administrative discharge. It does not say "is" a reason.  I will quote AR 40-501 paragraph 3-35 in the next post, since the character limitation does not allow it here.
I recall when I was a teenager in the early 1980's and late 1970's that if you didn't want to go downtown to the St. Charles tavern in Toronto and 'find some gays to beat up', then 'you must be gay', and of course subject to a beating yourself.  This kind of ridiculous thinking permeates throughout this article in a context  whereby the author suggests that if the Penguines follow a time honoured tradition by visiting the White House after winning the main prize, then they must be supporting Donal Trump. (And of course, if you support Donald Trump, then you must be racist)  Mr Shoalts: We are not required to make all our life choices based on the politics or news cycle of the day. (Politicians nor the media are that important)  I completely respect the Penguins for rising above the political blather and congratulate them on a well-deserved win. (Congrats for winning the Stanley Cup too)
If the Liberal government were to stop wasting tax payers' money by sending it all over the world to fund dubious programs, perhaps it would help fund proper health care here in Canada in reducing wait times, longer opening hours in operating rooms or improving access to CT scans, just to mention a few examples.  But I guess, promoting gay rights in Madagascar at the cost of hundreds of millions is more important to our prime minister and his entourage, than the health and well being of the citizens of Canada.
You're right, Janet, sexual thoughts don't have to be acted on. But you're not looking at this quite as a guy would. Men are naturally much more concerned about sex. I have read that males have on average sexual thoughts twice as often as women (study in Psychology Today). I imagine that it's about the same for gay and straight men. I would certainly agree with you that discernment and training must deal with sexuality.   I didn't become a Christian until I was 30. Therefore when I read the following, I wondered how I would be able to deal with this command;  "But I say to you that everyone who looks at a woman with lustful intent has already committed adultery with her in his heart."  Ultimately, I discovered that simply attempting to suppress and/or avoid the lustful  intents in my thought life was impossible for me. But in my insufficiency, I found that if I totally leant back upon the Lord, He was able to achieve in me what I was unable to do in my own power.
The Idea that a man who thinks he is a woman is confused. To suggest otherwise is to suggest a contradiction. To make a law/regulation that negatively affects the lives of people who are not transgender in favor of those who are transgender is discrimination against those who are not. As to your control issue. If  you are unable to control your impulses then it is YOU not I who have an problem. I have no ill will toward LGBTS people. S = Strait. But I do have a problem with those who utterly demand that I change my life to accommodate them. Live your life as you see fit. I don't care who you sleep with or what you wear. But quit demanding that I conform to you when your lifestyle does not fit mine.
Can't find your response to me, so I'll put this here. You assume incorrectly.  I have homosexual friends, unsure friends, formerly lesbian friends (well friend).  And yes... we absolutely 100% disparage each other. I'm sorry if the world doesn't fit your preconceived (read that as biased) notion... but yeah, we absolutely do.
I'm not suggesting free speech rights should be absolute. Let me rephrase and be more specific about the fears that have driven the opposition to Bill C-16.   "So if a professor persists in teaching that sex and gender do not vary independently, and a transgendered student or colleague claims this is personally offensive or humiliating, the professor is toast. Right?"
A friend and classmate of one of my kids came out as gay whilst in high school.  He was disowned by his mother.  Here in conservative Richmond BC there were no in school support groups. He got through it, as best he could, with the help of friends and the support of his father.  How can a mother disown her young son over this? A horrible lesson for all involved, and all who know him.  THIS is why parents  should not be informed if their child seeks support in a school gay-straight alliance group.
'Progressives and conservatives must work harder to find common ground". What a pile of modernist drivel. There is no "common ground" on issues where Holy Church has spoken definitively. There is no "common ground" to be had with abortion and homosexual marriage supporters. There IS right and wrong, there IS black and white. These ARE issues of "apocalyptic" proportion. Killing babies in their mothers' wombs is the "devil's" work. Mr. Gehrig needs to realize that even the neo-con Catholics are no longer suckered by banalities such as "common ground", and that it is simply a more charitable term for cowardice and surrender.
I'm glad you feel terrible for feeling so delighted. Trump is so charming, using all the politically incorrect ways to talk about women, blacks, gays.  Global warming. It's a joke, a Chinese hoax.  The atom bomb. Go have fun with it, boys and girls.  He's so cute I can hardly stand it.
One thing I've noticed is that when people start talking about how it's not "healthy" to refuse to talk about things, what they often really mean is, "I'm mad that they're not telling ME and I'm trying not to sound nosy." When LW says that it's ok if he's gay, he probably hears "Come on! I know you're gay! Just tell me already! I wanna know!" I'd say definitely drop it, and if he feels like talking about it, he will. If he doesn't, then let him be.
You speak of political defeats for the conservatives in the "culture wars."  But, you then proceed to list "culture war" topics that were decided by the courts and not the people.  Abortion, homosexual rights, transgender nonsense....all issues decided by courts and all of them still hotly debated across this country.  The courts are comprised of non-elected individuals that are almost never held accountable for their judicial decisions.  Only eight states approved homosexual marriage legislatively.  In fact the vast majority of states still have bans on abortion and homosexual marriage on their record books.  The bans were enacted via the state legislatures, with the support of the citizens. So when the people get to decide their own fates, they more often than not choose the conservative option.  And you can say that our nation is trending towards liberalism, but then how would you explain Donald Trump?
How many is "a lot"?  Does it compare to the millions (yes, millions) of Catholic men who fled the Church and joined conservative Evangelical / Pentecostal churches, especially in South & Central America?  Even it the U.S. the flow of men to conservative Protestant churches is greater than the trickle who cross the Tiber.    I still don't see how you reconcile your antipathy toward homosexuality with your other views that the readership here at NCR find so congenial.
No more discrimmination   Now if Trintiy Westerm amended its rules to no pre-marital sex among both gays and straights but you can have have marital sex for both MARRIED straights and MARRIED  gays   would this then be accpetable to the activists? or is this still "discrimmination" or "equality" ??? . or are you just anti-religious school period ?
Once again, Spacey is bisexual and anyone who can actively choose between sex with men and sex with women is also bisexual. It is attraction to the same sex that makes someone gay or lesbian, not the act of sex itself. It's funny that you have decided to believe the anecdotes of two apparent bisexuals while ignoring multitudes of other L, G, and B people. That cherry picking is the childish part. You refusing to "buy into" the fact that some people are naturally attracted to the same sex is the offensive part.
Civil Rights Act is controlling law.  The question is whether Perry automatically applies it to gay wedding services.
Who ever said I was against dissent or for punishing dissent?   I am against disrespect for the flag that represents the freedom to have dissent.   It is the left that wants to punish dissent.  Or have not been following the recent protests and seen who has been trying to shut down free speech.   What I and many others can not stand is disrespecting the country, as the NFL did on Sunday.  There are times and places for dissent.  During the national anthem is not one of them.   Would you like it if I protested gay 'marriage' during a so-called marriage ceremony?
I am 100% supportive of the Vancouver charity organization funding anti-transgender legislation. I cannot support this idea of a man using a public restroom that is specifically designed for females only. Transgender men should always use public restrooms that are for men only. This goes for transgender females as well. There is absolutely nothing "progressive" about this legislation. In fact, I can only envision other problems occurring as a result. Children who have no understanding of these new laws are going to be confused and perhaps fearful when they see a man in the woman's bathroom. This is not normal for anyone and could cause a lot of legal problems later on.
Yours is a terribly misguided, narrow, and intolerant view.  What we have here is a baker who wishes to put his Christian belief into action.  You want to discriminate against him because of it.  You AREN’T against discrimination... you are against specific FORMS of discrimination.   I abhor racial discrimination.  And I don’t believe that gays should be mistreated.  Redefining marriage to accommodate sinful lifestyles hasn’t been an anti-discrimination accomplishment, it has merely been the redefining of an historical institution to accomate a particular group who don’t like hearing their lifestyle is sinful.  Re-ordering society in such a manner and expecting everyone to bow down in acquiescence is discriminory.  For you it’s “no dogs or Christians.”
I never disclosed my position on the CRC.  You just danced around your support for the project.    I stand firmly opposed to 1. female submission 2. anti-gay sentiment.  That is not demanding 100% agreement on all issues- taht is mocking those who take the wrong stands on core issues.  "You don't want people to think for themselves."  Really? This coming from someone who lets Pastor McKinley pick and choose which groups to condemn, who reads some Bible verses and not others, who dismiss critical reasoning and instead fusses over the Greek roots of the word "homophobia."    Imago Dei doesn't want you to think.  They want you to sway and enjoy folk music and let the fundie evangelical ideas seep in.
I've never liked the use of Old Testament verse in these discussions mostly because the New Testament supersedes the Old. However, I would point out that New Testament also condemns homosexuality. (Both in Romans and  1st Corinthians).
Clearly what Obama did was to try and take congress off the hook by just mandating certain things.  Now Trump (with this and also DACA) is putting congress back on the hook to do their jobs and pass proper laws.  Pass a law that includes transgender folks.  Problem solved.
The forced marriages that take place. The female genital mutilation that takes place. The misogyny that takes place. Throwing gays off buildings.  They do this in Syria, they do this in Saudia Arabia, they do this in Yemen, they do this  - insert country here - and they do those things here.  Want proof ...  https://www.thestar.com/news/fgm/2017/08/21/women-in-small-muslim-sect-said-they-had-fgm-in-canada.html  https://www.thestar.com/news/investigations/2013/09/20/forced_marriages_a_hidden_problem_in_canada.html
How does sharing a bathroom with a transgender person negatively affect your life?
I  just want to express my condolences and sorrow to all the members of the LGBT community out there.  Honestly, I realize  as a "straight white male"  who's been fortunate to have never been targeted for discrimination (well, not  until I became "elderly" anyway) I can't truly understand the depth of your grief.    But I'm old enough to remember some of the history--  such as when it was common in some cities for the police to raid gay bars, clubbing the crowd as they drove them out; or for teenagers to brag about attacking "queers".  I remember a very popular and happily married  Oregon HS principal  driven from his job by the John Birch society when they found out when he was young he'd been  arrested for violating "sodomy laws", and I remember in the late 80s on the UO-- yes, Oregon, campus, a large and noisy group of young men tried to shout down lesbian speakers at at  rally.   While, thank God, we've moved beyond this in our laws and attitudes, some wounds are still raw.
One thing which might help those who are disgusted by Donald Trump is to reconsider whether their hatred of Hillary Clinton is based on fact. Many people consider it a truism that Clinton is an evil, abortion-loving liar. The fact that such calumny is just as much a mortal sin as homosexual acts doesn't deter them.   Why is it so hard for people to believe that Hillary is a normal human being who has all the flaws of your average politician? Maybe people could start over with Hillary and look at her with an open mind. Is everything said about her true? What do the best, most unbiased sources say? For instance, Hillary does not rejoice in the death of infants, cackling happily every time a woman has an abortion, with a counter behind  her racking up the numbers. No, in fact, she wants fewer abortions. Rather than punish women, she wants to provide them with social services to encourage them to keep their children.  Why is it so hard for people to let go of their Hillary hatred?
President Trump did not create the divide in this country.  That divide was created a long time ago by indentity politics.  As long as people continue to identify themselves as Latin-Americans, African Americans, gay-Americans, instead of just Americans we will never be united.
"Whatever happens, the white Catholic vote has proven to be one that has been most in play during this election. Where they finally land could determine the election." I doubt that is accurate, I rather think it is arrogant to give white Catholics voters (a group that includes the author) such importance in the election. More relevant, I belief that when the cleric looks at Catholics as a voting block, they are hoping to influence politics. The separation of state and church does not only protect our democracy, it also protects our faith - we are allowed to vote in consciousness. Not following the Catholic political agenda (like opposing gay marriage and the legal right to abortion) does not make us less catholic. It makes us more civil, in the literal sense of the word.
If: gender identity is anything the individual wants it to be, and If: gender expression is anything the individual wants it to be, and If: there is no gender-binary Then: there is no such thing as Trans*, because there is nothing to transition to, there is no way to go from one side to the other.  What then becomes of actual Trans individuals with Disphoria? They have said all along that they knew almost from birth that they were the opposite gender from the body they were born in.  If gender expression and identity are meaningless,  if gender-characteristic stereotypes don't exist, how did they know this from such a young age?  You can't have this both ways, you can't insist that there is no defining thing(s) that make a man or a woman, and then say, "oh but these people over here know they aren't men, they're women".
Muslim Americans killed in combat include Staff Sergrant Daniel Isshak; Specialist Omead H. Razani; Captain Humayun Saqib Muazzam Khan; Marine Staff Sergeant Kendall Damon Waters-Bey; 1st Lieutenant Mohsin A. Naqvi; bottom row, left to right: Major James M. Ahearn; Specialist Kareem R. Khan; Specialist Rasheed Sahib; Specialist Azhar Ali; Staff Sergeant Ayman A. Tasha.  Someone who hates them and their gay and lesbian brothers and sisters in arms has no business running the Army or any other branch of service.
John, love and acceptance of sin are two different things.  People do not have to adopt a gay identity if they have same-sex attraction, and when they do, they know it is against Church teaching.  Worse, they refuse to consider the Church's help in dealing with their same-sex attraction, e.g., the Courage Initiative.  It saddens me what perverse things men who adopt a gay identity do to one another.
If you can't love gays as they are sexually, than you can't love God or have chosen not to.  To deny love in the lives of others is to blaspheme against the Spirit.  You may be beyond help.
Martin has given homosexuals the voice.  Homosexuals have always had the power to not be condemned: just confess the sin of sodomy and firmly resolve to sin no more.  Condemnation for sin does not change merely because the Devil says it's not sin anymore.
What nonsense.  Yours is the type of comment used by "progressives," to dismiss without thought the types of discussions that Mark Milke lays out in his article.   You just label any admission that we have Canadian values and that we should rely on them in deciding who to invite into our country as, "xenophobia, Islamophobia, homophobia, bigotry and hate" and the discussion will presumably end.    However, it won't.  Because the discussion is none of those things.  It is all the things Mark Milke sets out in his article.  You can misrepresent the things that Canadian Values are, and what they embrace, but it doesn't change the fact that we as Canadians have such defining values and that we should cherish and support them.
Un-believable that the Haters from the left would use this opportunity to hate  against Trump and his supporters. Trump has repeatedly insisted he wanted to prevent the gay community from suffering as they are now, and yet here comes the anti Trump hate. Hugs, love and solidarity are a re-action to a devastating event.  There are those of us who want to prevent this from happening again, and it won't come from hugs. The leftist haters ignore that if Trump and his supporters had his way this would not be in the news. Stop the hate!
This woman fails to address many of the concerns that outsiders have about these events, such as:  1) I note that she speaks only about a son.  Does she have a daughter?  Is she OK that girls are not allowed to participate equally in these school sponsored events?  What about trans-gendered or gay students?    2) It states: "The supervising teacher has to read through each sermon before it can be delivered, and my son assures me there is nothing “overly political or extreme.”".  Well that's nice.  Who is supervising the teacher on this?  (It could be that they are the biggest instigators of controversial rhetoric.)  And does not overtly political or extreme mean that it is somewhat political or extreme?  Is the teacher present to ensure what was prepared is the same sermon that is being delivered?  Would her son admit it if there was nasty rhetoric being preached?  Would all of the various factions within Islam agree to this particular sermon?  Too many unanswered questions for me.
It's a fair question about terminology, so I will answer it. A transgender woman is a woman.  That means that she identifies herself as a woman. Transgender means that she was born with male genitals.  What genitals she has does not change the fact that she is a woman (her choice) and transgender (a fact about her past).
Arlene,  since you only first became aware of Brietbart a few months ago, it's totally understandable that you didn't look up who became Editor-at-Large in 2012 when Bannon took over as Executive Chair-- that would Ben Shapiro: Orthodox Jew. . It's also totally understandable that you find it "unusual" that a black Republican lawmakers, homosexuals, and black leaders clearly support Bannon : because it doesn't fit the Leftist narrative that "we control who's a victim, and if that victimized group dos' support us, they must clearly not be a "real" member of that oppressed group." . I'm not "defending Banon," I'm simply telling you that in order for you to label him him the nasty things you are-- it sure would be swell if you could produce a single piece of evidence to prove it.
Not really. The law simply allows that two people can unite in marriage regardless of their sexual orientation. It's still about two people. Group marriage never was legal. The legal and social ramifications of group marriage are clearly dysfunctional whereas the marriage of two people whether heterosexual or homosexual or asexual is much less problematic. Marriage is a legal contract with obvious social ramifications. The state has a clear stake in regulating it.
The LGBTQ community should boycott any corporate sponsors that endorse this year's (NON)Pride events.
And what is the discrepancy of death from a mass shooting versus the Oklahoma City Bombing? Granted, the type of injuries sustained by a gun versus a knife or a hatchet are greatly different. What about the casualties caused by driving a big F350 through a blockade at a gay parade? Driving something like that at high speed through a crowd will equally cause catastrophic injuries a gun will. Again, it is the intent, not the tool.   In the Orlando shooting, some of the victims in the back waiting to get shot could have defended themselves if they were carrying. At least they wouldn't have sat and waited to get shot and could have potentially saved others. People forget that many instances of things being stopped are stopped by armed law abiding citizens. Take guns away from them, you wait 5+ min for police response.  By the way, the assault rifles used were merely semi-auto rifles. The ban on assault rifles is more media propaganda used to scare people that are unfamiliar with weapons.
I feel this is a decidedly biased article about a bill that arbitrarily defines "hate-crime" as "misgendering a person." There is a monumental difference between telling Canadian citizens that they cannot say something (such as inciting genocide) and forcing Canadian citizens to say certain things. We've barely had any discussion in the scientific community about this transgender phenomenon, transgender people are already legally protected so as to not be under immediate threat (Charter of Rights and Freedoms), and now we're supposing that by saying someone else's words we're going to prevent them from committing suicide? This is just a mess! I feel as though Canadians need to take a step back from the media sensationalism and actually listen to what people like Peterson have to say. This isn't some alt-right propaganda--- these are our fundamental rights as human beings, and our moral obligation as people who need to engage in unrestricted dialogue.  Sort yourselves out, senators.
He refused to make them a custom cake of any kind. Period. The moment the gay couple asked him to design a cake, the discussion was ended. He offers custom wedding cake services to any heterosexual couple that walks in the door.
It's time, too, for the politicians -- city, provincial, federal -- to pull out of this divisive parade. While I support the LGBTQ community, it has become non-inclusive.  Maybe pull funding as well. No longer a community celebration.
You are kidding right? For decades researches and clinicians were dead set on excluding transgender people from just about any access to medical care and public life. It was only once a sufficiently large enough amount of data was available that these topics were even open for discussion and opinions started to shift. You are conflating the words "sex" and "gender", sex refers to a biological grouping of who produces what gametes and "gender" refers to the innate sense of self that develops along side physical traits. The physical advantages you describe are the result of endocrinological processes not sex differentiation in the womb. If you actually think that transgender people have enough influence to push some kind of conspiracy and suppress information you are to far gone to talk to. As far as virtue signaling I guess you're right I should post under a fake name since some people are too scared to use their own but its too late now.
The guy used a homosexual slur. I don't agree with the use of such language. However it's not enough to be deemed self defense.
That first paragraph is what you call a strawman argument, gay dude.  As for your last sentence, while ability to pay should not be a factor, many other factors should, such as one's personal responsibility exhibited for their bodies.    Forget the obese people (which is, like, most of the US), let's talk about marathon runners as an example.  Should I have to pay for all of the knee injuries that are inevitable for people that intentionally  subject their knees to punishment over long distances?  Smokers?  Men who engage in same-sex acts and contract AIDS requiring lifetime treatment?
Who did the baker humiliate or denigrate because they were different?  That’s sheer fantasy.  He told them, by all accounts over a 20 second conversation the he couldn’t make them a wedding cake.  He even suggested a different baker who he knew would prepare a wedding cake for them. Funny, the Bible says that homosexual behavior is wicked; one of the four sins crying to Heaven for vengeance.  That must be because God is wicked, do I have that right?
Prayer meetings should never be allowed in a public school in the first place. End of problem.  Has anyone taken a good look at the prayers or the books these come from? These are toxic and have no place in a school. Death to homosexuals, death or enslavement to infidels....come on. Not acceptable.   Allowing religion to encroach in our public spaces may be the norm in Muslim countries...but not here.  Its time for the Muslim community to adapt to how things are done in Canada and not the other way around.
Sure. Yesterday's Washington Post confirmed that the Trump administration is planning to unveil new executive orders rolling back President Obama's executive orders forbidding discrimination against LGTB federal employees. Since turning back the clock on all progressive initiatives seems to be Steve Bannon's #1 overriding priority in shaping every aspect of the Trump presidency, as a gay citizen I have very real concerns about being denied a job, or housing, or even service if Bannon and company get their way in choosing potential supreme court justices. And that's just the start of it. Since Trump has already begun his attack on the free press, I have every reason to suspect that he will promote judges to the bench who have been successful in finding sneaky legal means to push back against the First Amendment. Once that obstacle has been overcome, that will effectively be the end of the republic. There will be nothing left to stop him from shredding what's left of the Constitution.
EKBlack's post has all the hallmarks of an internet troll. The comment seeks to push buttons and disrupt discussion. Consider the phrase "sanitize the nation into political correctness". What does it mean? Political Correctness is Right Wing code for the suppression of racist, sexist, and homophobic opinions. There's some crazy belief on the Right that one isn't truly free unless one can hurl abusive language at women, people of colour, or members of the LGBTQ community.  I have no idea what brutal one-liner cartoons EKBlack is recalling. But I can imagine racist images of Jews, Asians, and Black Africans which were all too common in the first half of the 20th century. They express a public sentiment of oppression and White superiority. I don't see why anyone would be nostalgic about them.  Why is the language of the Right always "brutal" & "hard-hitting"? There is no truth in threats and intimidation. Racial and misogynistic slurs are not "truthful comments" we need to hear. Shame!
Actually, Paul Castellano and John Gotti, among other "connected" fellows, are the most famous cases of this canon being invoked. Messy business indeed. There is frequently some accommodation made for the comfort of family members not involved in the family business, such as the ones suggested in the directive which is available at http://www.praytellblog.com/index.php/2017/10/22/bishop-morlino-on-funerals-involving-a-notorious-homosexual-union/  Francis Ford Coppola and David Chase are greats in the entertainment industry, but maybe not such great sources for Catholic information.
when muslims stop throwing gays off buildings, stop treating women like second class citizens, and allow me to live my life the way I want to then we can have this discussion.
No, it didn't go far enough to placate thpse for whom "religious freedom" means "the right to discriminate against gays".
The General is free to advise but the General WORKS FOR and AT THE PLEASURE of the President.  Hey General!   Don't forget how he got himself elected in the first place!   The transgender tweet is the perfect example of how important READINESS IS!  YOU of ALL PEOPLE should know this!  The military is about DEFENSE, not social experimentation.
Pierre T lived as was called prior to the ‘70's, a life of an 'old bachelor' until he was 52 yrs when he married a childlike, un-medicated bipolar 23yr old woman, 1/2 his age & had 3 children in succession  You say 'some teenage boys also went ga-ga over' Trudeau, as he flamboyantly represented a Fr. & Br. Cdn; promoting his Fr.Cdn culture dogmatically  PE Trudeau, as per you was 'hot and stylish..[&] bore.. respect..' for Gays. As Memory recalls: he was quite facile in bridging both genders equally well  Was entirely a norm for rich Gay men born1919 to have a girlfriend cover or marry in order to hide their homosexuality; especially men in politics  Most people at 50ys sharply realize their mortality; intellectuals perceive immortality with production of their own biological children; especially selfish narcissists  Unethical rich spoilt men who jump for the easy way out are essentially 'without courage of truth' The Real Story of the character of Pierre-Elliott Trudeau is not known.
If Milo was abused as a child, it goes a long way to explain his unacceptable behaviour. He's lashing out. He's trying to normalize the unthinkable. And then the abused becomes the abuser. It's a common story.  Much of what we know of Milo is what he tells us. Is any of it true? How do we know who he is or what he's really like? It seems in this post-truth era anyone can be anything just by saying so. Reality is what we post.  But pedophilia is a crime. And it has nothing to do with homosexuality. That's what's confusing about Milo's story: He seems to be disconnected from all the groups he owns and disowns. He's in his own shiny bubble and he wants us to look at him.  Well, the bubble burst. Now he wants the compassion and respect he never showed his victims. If he was abused as a child, he needs therapy and not a soapbox.
I read your links. Your first link was to the Mississippi teacher who allowed one twelfth grade honor student to do a class demonstration of condom use by using a cucumber. Your second and third links were to the same CNN report of a single school district distributing condoms after consulting with the school nurse for appropriateness. No mention was made of first-graders, that was your invention. Also, that was in Provincetown. Do you have ANY idea what the reputation of P-town is, all through the Northeast? It is VERY liberal, also it is a mecca for well-to-do homosexuals. This program probably has no comparable match anywhere in the US. Your fourth link was to Whoopi Goldberg defending sex ed.  My conclusion is that you aren't able to competently analyze your own media sources.
It's an easy to make distinction: are the qualities to be discriminated against intrinsic to the class? Homosexuality is innate and cannot be changed, so you should not discriminate against it. Whereas Naziism is a choice, and worthy of discrimination because it is so negative towards society.
Carter's and Reagan's personal religious views are irrelevant. Evangelicals soured on Carter because of his support for the ERA and tolerance of abortion and gay rights. The rise of the Moral Majority and entry of evangelicals as a formidable bloc in the Republican coalition occurred under Reagan, as did promotion of now-familiar themes of culture war against secular humanism, nostalgia for a return to a Christianized past and paranoia about imminent anti-religion authoritarianism. Such sentiments are widely echoed on the Catholic right over 35 years after Reagan.  Differences between the evangelical and Catholic right are not so important as the commonalities that sustain the political alliance and its apocalyptic, Manichean worldview.  I had never heard the term "Catholic Integralist" before but assume it refers to Catholic assimilation of evangelical literalism and militancy.  I agree the piece lacks nuance but it's a polemic that accurately describes troubling features of the RR.
"Love the sinner; hate the sin" is so ingrained, hypocritical and telling that it establishes Ms.Manson's op-review as a "beyond the call" act of tolerance in itself. She is right. Just for a moment, pretend that Fr. Martin is addressing women's access to ordination and its source, or even more profoundly, victims of sexual abuse. He would, I suggest, be pilloried. The LGBT community would, hopefully, be generous in their views about the effects of tradition (emotional and "teaching") on the psyche of lay and cleric. At least I hope so as a recovering "cathoholic".  To suggest that LGBT respect the very people and institution that has hammered them and hammered into people like me a disdain for the sin that cannot be separated from the sinner.  If there were no "sinner" the sin would, in old Catholic parlance, be a despicably sinful, dirty, disgusting thought. A more appropriate advice from him might be a "supererogatory tolerance with little hope of reciprocity".
As hard as it is there is only one choice that doesnt contradict where it counts most. If you are pro life and vote and support candidates and a party that advocates full term and late term abortion at will then you cannot under any circumstance be pro life.  You have to look at where the candidates stand. Hillary wants us to be required to provide and pay for abortions and abortive medicines. She stated flat out in the debate she supports full term partial birth murder. HOW can ANY Catholic support her. Then there are the e - mails where she, through her campaign, states how "backwards" we are and advocates groups to sping to action when they can incite a "Catholic Spring." SHE will use law and the courts to mandate the marrying of homosexuals and the providing of abortion procedures. No Catholic can vote for her. This is unacceptable.  She and her campaign have stated in their e - mails exactly what they think of Catholics and our "backwards" beliefs. People need to take a hard look.
"Of course, there are good people in policing"....  Of course, there are good black folks in Rexdale...... Of course, most gay men don't cruise in public parks......  Ms Giese, I'll lay odds that you find the second and third sentences offensive....I'll lay odds as well that you don't understand why in light of your writing of the first.
People are entitled to believe in the Bible literally as the pure truth or believe the parables are learning inspirational lessons.    They are entitled to believe the Bible is fiction or non fiction.  People are entitled to associate with like minded people as in a congregation or parish.  Freedom of religion and freedom of speech are guaranteed by the Bill of Rights and they can preach on the corner, knock on doors, shout it from the roof tops.  They can send pamphlets, invitations, and they certainly are entitled to believe in the tenets of their religious practices.  When Donald Trump is elected President,  he will work to remove restrictions that serve as  oppression on Church group's right to speak without threats from the Government. If their religion teaches homosexuality or gay marriage is a violation of their code/tenets, practices, catechism, that is their right.
The major problem I have with abortion law is the RvW decision itself and the terrible illogic used in that decision PLUS then forcing it on us all via judicial fiat. Just like they did with Gay marriage.  The early church did not fight against human slavery because it WAS a "Caesar issue" at that point in time - but sooner than anyone could realize at the time slavery ended within Christendom - starting in the 7th century, actually, and pretty much finished by the 13th (within Christian Europe itself).  Abortion is a huge step in the opposite direction away from Christian moral values. Communism is also a huge step in the opposite direction and unconstrained immigration - worldwide - is basically a  communist ideal.  And communism embraces atheism. So, if the Supreme Court decides to end "religious freedom" because science "can't prove God exists",  is that OK with you?
The courts are politicized, nothing illustrates that more than the last vacancy.   The Supreme Court found the ban on same sex marriage unconstitutional. The Constitution trumps state law. It was a Reagan appointee who cast the deciding vote. You may disagree, but the decision is binding.   Do you think the court erred in striking down school segregation? How about state laws on interracial marriage?  Should we wait for the white citizens of Mississippi to change their laws on those issues?  NO!  Our nation is trending towards liberalism. The Electoral College explains Trump. Let me remind you the liberal candidate got 3 million more votes than Trump, and the conservative candidate lost the popular vote in 6 of the last 7 elections.   Approval of same sex marriage went from 27% in 1996 to 61% in 2016. Do you spot a trend here?
I'm sorry, what do their signs mean? What do they think they built? Gay pride? That was demonstrably built by white gay men (and somewhat by white gay women). All other queer groups have benefited from the work and sacrifice by many white gay men. They should be thanking us not disrupting our events.
When married gay people have sex it is not sinful. They were born that way. Why do they have to repent, unless the church discriminates against them? Discrimination of any kind is sinful, in my mind. If we are to love our "neighbors" even if they are gay, of another religion, women who obtain any of the religiously banned procedures, but are included in their right to their Reproductive Health Care, etc. is what is wrong. Denying those "sinners", their desire for any of their Christian rites is not only cruel, but only encourages them to leave the church. It is also most judgmental.
The Cuomo response has been unfortunate, that as a Catholic he does not believe in abortion but will not vote to ban it or appoint justices who would because we live in a pluralist society.  Almost every pro-choice politician sings from his hymnbook. What all of these politicians should have said was that as attorneys, they have to follow the law and uphold federal superiority in equal protection matters, so Roe cannot be overturned and the matter cannot be sent to the states (and should not be if they could engineer the votes, given how poorly such a stance works in civil rights, gay rights and in dealing with slavery. Nationalists won the civil war and anyone who wishes to turn back this issue is a neo-Confederate traitor or a Republican partisan operative using this issue cynically, including the Bishops.
Yes, we cannot allow a woman's right to freedom, or to pursue happiness suppress a child's right to struggle for life.   There is an "internal order" to the natural rights:  life supercedes free action, and free action supercedes the "right to happiness" (which actually carried a a deeper and a moral sense back in the day that we've sadly lost in recent times).   The rest of the stuff is sort of sloppy discourse bringing in various kitchen sinks in a disordered fashion...such sloppiness and "term slinging" leads to statements like this: "On homosexuality, natural rights dictate marriage equality".   You don't even see the problems with this sort of "statement".     I recommend reading Veritatis Splendor and then paras 1950-1986ish or so in the CCC.
But what judgement has the Bishop made?   He mentioned reconciliation, didn't he? Never once said the mere fact of being homosexual would qualify one to be denied the Sacraments, did he? Never said he was passing "judgement."  He apparently gave instructions to the priests in his Diocese that are in accordance with Church teaching - which has not been changed, to the best of my knowledge.  The pastoral accompaniment that is recommended by Pope Francis never changed Church teaching, despite attempts to proclaim the contrary by certain agenda driven groups.  I believe the purpose of pastoral accompaniment is both to teach and bring one to understand then either accept or reject Church teaching based on that understanding and conscience...not to rubber-stamp behavior.
As I read this insightful examination of Rev. Martin's book (actually a short story, which is appropriate for the subject) I could feel the dilemma inherent in the concept of a bridge between the US bishops and just about everybody else.  There are more than just one serious error in +Martin's book, as his wish for mutual respect and patience has never been qualities LGBT people have experienced from Catholic bishops.  And I would also challenge this priest's notion there are "many" bishops who want some sort of pastoral bridge with gay Catholics for one basic reason: for the very most part, bishops reeling from the sex abuse crisis with which they have collectively been totally inept in dealing with, have it permanently linked in their minds that homosexuals = pedophiles.  No science, or explanation, or experience has or will change those attitudes because it requires a submission to their own sexual conflicts and the developmental millstones around their necks. Sorry Rev. Martin.
I'm amazed that this arrest of a 65 years old, obviously mentally ill man who is not LBGT can lead people to hysterically link this incident to gender-neutral toilet facilities. A little secret to share with all you fearful types...there was at least one gender neutral rest room on the UO campus in 1980.
I am opposed to transgenders serving in our armed forces because it results in military services diverting time and resources to address transgenders needs that would be better spend on combat readiness.  It makes no sense to allow transgenders to join our military services and then spend millions or billions of dollars for sex-change surgery and treatment.  If they can’t serve as they were upon enlistment, they should be discharged to realign at their own expense as they see fit.
Let's do a fun exercise here. Substitute "transgender student" for "Trump supporter student" as the topic in your critique. Should they be ashamed now? I don't believe so. We do not become inclusive by treading on the rights of others, especially in our publicly funded institutions.
"There is so much progressives don't know about American Civics....."  And, apparently, so much you don't know about me. I identify more as a political moderate than a progressive. I'm a registered independent and I vote for candidates, not parties. But ignorance of the facts never seems to stop some people from labeling, so let's move on.  Of course the president is commander in chief. Nobody disputes that. But wise commanders -- especially those without a military background of their own -- respect their generals. They don't refer to them patronizingly and they don't try to shift the blame for their own knee-jerk decisions onto them.  By they way, I'm not necessarily opposed to the decision itself. I have nothing against transgendered people but I don't think the military is a place for social experimentation. It's the crass way it was presented that I object to. Typical unnecessary Trump PR mess.
The article didn't mention his religion. Why are you assuming he's Christian? The left is quick to label and attack unless it's someone who shoots up a gay nightclub in the name of ISIS and Islam....then even when his own admission states his allegiance to Islam y'all claim he's just "mentally" ill and doesn't represent Muslims...LOL. Threatening to blow people up is crazy but the left I this country takes the cake on hypocrisy and crazy
"In this country, we need to start building bridges and bringing people together ... we need to reach out to those who are hurting. Now is the time to build unity and heal communities, through our love for our neighbor and our care for those in need. That's what tonight is about. Not politics. It's about people" said Gomez.  Does this include LGBT folk? If not, why not?!
Yes the Church does reflect that, but it semi officially deflects all the blame to gay priests.  This is wrong for a number of reasons.  It ignores the availability issue of boys vs girls as altar servers.  It ignores what data we have from the developing world.  It ignores the fact that pedophiles also have an adult orientation and most claim that orientation to be heterosexual, and it conveniently maintains celibacy is honored by heterosexual priests and ignored by gay priests.  No credible data supports that assumption, but the homosexual aspect is great salacious news for the conservative press.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_Baptists  You must agree that the list of Conservative/Southern Baptist leaders is a list of some of the worst men in America- Franklin Graham, Falwell, Cruz etc.  Imago Dei is not that far off.  We are not friends.  We are enemies, Jen.  I want Imago Dei to be exposed for what it is and lose members.  I want Jules Bailey to lose the mayoral election.  I want civil rights for my gay friends.  If Pastor McKinley ever said to my face what he says about unmarried couples in print, he would regret it.  I hope he loses his congregation because he preaches a destructive & sneaky take on the supernatural sky god who talks to you (but not me).
i know women who live in Toronto and they tell me the best looking and stable men are mostly Gay.
another_reader wrote: "Here are the same posters who want you to carry a birth cetificate so they can check it at the bathroom ." I think you are stereotyping without basis.  Speaking for myself, I have never advocated for measures to diminish the rights of transgendered citizens. Opposition to "Real ID" is not a left or right issue, it's "civil rights" issue over the issue of government malfeasance; just like the those who would like to tell us what we can do in our private lives.  BTW - I'm opposed to random drug testing too.  Are you one of those who believe/rationalize that if "you have nothing to hide," why worry?
Absolutely nothing in that passage about government programs to deal with the sick & hungry. Personal responsibility for compassion on individuals encountered by individuals has no relationship to compulsory aid via government fiat. In fact government takeover of such programs reduces the incentives & funds for individual assistance that communities used to employ to help the truly needy & shame the slackers. It seems to be your contention that a comprehensive government welfare system provides taxpayers with salvation and eternal life, a unique interpretation.  It's interesting how religious people must not be allowed to bring arguments from scripture regarding abortion, assisted suicide, LGBT, & marriage. But somehow scripture is just dandy to try to justify government confiscation of taxpayer dollars for the latest, greatest social programs that were unknown & irrelevant to the meaning of scripture now distorted to throw responsibility on government for charitable endeavors.
I find it unfortunate that the media has latched on to the "gay nightclub" qualifier. It shouldn't matter. A gay nightclub, a school, a community center. People are slaughtered. It's more heartbreaking to me when it's children. We can go through the list: postal workers, students, concert-goers in Paris. Commuters, marathon spectators, employees in the WTC, movie goers. People. What they all have in common is that they're just going about their lives, just like we do. Boom or pop-pop-pop, they're dead, injured, damaged. Is it noteworthy that these people were gay? Maybe. Sort of. In the aftermath, politicians and LEOs will announce that this hate won't be tolerated. It doesn't mean that school shootings will be. It doesn't make any victim less important. The question is, how to prevent the next massacre?
If you disagree with the what the Church has always taught in regards to homosexuality, please have the courage to be honest to your convictions and leave the Church.
Core sexuality is not a simple temptation.  Just as Asexuals naturally seek no attachment, the rest of us, gay and straight, do.  Regulating it through marriage is good.  Calling it all a sin against chastity is extremism and is not a function of holiness but of differing sexuality.
With all due respect I find it very intriguing that the shooter targeted the audience of a country western concert. He did not choose a mosque, gay night club or a church with predominantly black members. Ask yourself who goes to country western concerts? All you need to do is watch the news footage. I'll leave it to you to make your own conclusion.
What would you call them, then?  They do certainly seem to dislike homosexuals, calling it a phobia is probably nicer than calling them haters, which is closer to an accurate description.
There was a clear statement by JPII that the Church erred in allowing homosexuals in the priesthood.  The muddy water is because the men recognize that, as God points out in Leviticus, by his animal nature ALL mankind is capable of perverse sexual relations in our animal nature, SO they decided SOME people have no same sex attraction but some have such a negligible amount that it isn't a threat and some have more but have never acted on it etc.  The problem is, they are placing themselves in an occasion of sin and scandal if they have same sex attraction and they live in rectories together and they hear the confessions of the vulnerable.  Also, there is a distortion of their perception of the human person because of their disordered attraction so reason and love of the deposit of faith and love of the sheep would seem to preclude all but the most negligibly same sex attracted, keeping in mind the attacks of the evil one are sure to come.  We need to pray for the priesthood.
Are you kidding me ?  Brandishing a megaphone ?  Heaven forbid . Thank God it wasn't a wet noodle where someone could have really got hurt.    Kidding aside , while it's too bad anyone went down to the Park Strip to protest these people's right to assemble and have their own get together which hurts no one---it's a shame the gay community doesn't show the very tolerance they demand from everyone else.  Why should they take the bait and go after people with only a megaphone ?  Don't they support the very free speech they demand ?  If these protesters are from outside Alaska the gay community ought to take the time to think about how good they have it in Alaska , and not be so quick to always complain about everything.  Alaskan's are willing to live and let live.  They are the one's who need to learn tolerance .
I happen to be a lesbian trapped in a mans body. How will this affect me?
Fr. Martin did not say that those in active homosexual relationships could receive Communion before Confession and Repentance, did he?
$313,844,430,000 of government debt, and rising at a rate of about $1,000 ever 3 seconds.  How about you?  Gay marriage outlawed?  Abortion access restricted?  Schools not teaching evolution any more?  Throw us a bone from your basement closet NTA.
"The series sprinkles in lesbians and characters of colour but is almost worse for doing so, as that introduces the question of whether such a mishmash of genetic material would be accepted by the men who run things." ======================================= Gee Denise, you mean that a work of art suffers when it prioritizes PC ideology/identity politics (in this case the insistence on wedging lesbians and characters of colour into a narrative where you state it makes no artistic sense for them to be there) over the art itself?  Shocker.
Not necessarily, Gay. The Christian community in Syria has been inclined for a long time now to support their government against the rebel forces. I'm not well read on this issue, but as I understand their perception, it goes something like this: The original rebellion in Syria may have been led by students and others seeking an end to tyranny, but by now the bulk of the rebel movements have been taken over by Islamist of varying degrees of extremism. ISIS and others determined to wage war on the world aside, the bulk of the rest of the rebels are assumed to want to set up a globally peaceful democratic Islamic state which would domestically crack down on secular and non-Muslim religious elements...as happened democratic Egypt.   Unfortunately, it seems these Syrian Christians believe their well-being is best served by a dictator. What we see and what they see is just not the same. They fear the tyranny of a democratic majority more that the tyranny of a ruthless dictator. How horrible
"HAD a penchant for drag"???  What makes you think he's changed? He looked lovely in pearls on Bill Maher's show last Friday. But, I'm pretty sure he's not trans.  Surely you didn't mistake "drag" for being trans, did you? You couldn't be that mis-infomred, could you?
Like those who advocate for Church acceptance of the mortal sin of homosexuality, Cardinal Law is an example of those who flaunt the moral teachings of the Church.  Cardinal Law and homosexual advocates have much more in common with each other than they realize.
Your youth (as well as no doubt brainwashing in the school system) explains your ignorance of reality (live in Sweden for 3 months, or Antwerp, or Marseilles, or any one of an increasing number of European cities where there are "issues" related to this matter).  The way we are headed, by the time your generation comes to power gays will live in fear again, women will not be able to go out and feel safe at night any more in many parts of major cities, and the state will will not prosecute crimes of violence and misogyny if they are committed by certain religious groups.  That's not a prediction. It's ever-growing reality in Europe right now.
I don't know what your supposed "huge percentage" amounts to, but in point of fact most Muslims do not believe in killing those who leave Islam and homosexuals. Most Muslims, like most people of other faiths, want to live in peace with their neighbors and raise their children without fear.  The decision to allow refugees into this country should be based on need, compassion and prudent judgment that a person intends to abide by the law of the land. That's a judgment that can, in justice, only be made on an individual basis. It can't be made based on wholesale bias for or against a particular group.
The Enemy remains terrorism be it home grown, ISIS inspired, using guns in Orlando, bombs in Oklahoma, City or aircraft in New York. When we separate our gays, Muslims, preschool victims, and rich people at the World Trade Center from the rest of America they win and we lose. Terrorist use violence and fear to fragment our society, and we play into their hands when we distinguish one group of our people from another.
I agree. Decades  ago it was gay men most at risk of being beaten and killed, it was gay men who suffered the brunt of societal disapproval and it was gay men who organized, fought for recognition and rights. they deserve to be at the front of the bus for once. The fact that on campuses it was lesbians given the most prominent spot tells us a lot about their world view.
The true fascists are those who seek to silence any open scientific debate surrounding transgender issues. As it stands now, qualified professionals asking too many questions risk their livelihoods and reputations by questioning the politically correct wisdom surrounding the issue now
No one is forcing Mr. Phillips to bake a cake for the gay couple. He is welcome to surrender his business license at any time.
> "The dominant culture increasingly now finds that it's not just a matter of disagreeing with religious principles and positions. But there's a certain level of hostility becoming more and more evident. ... This problem is not going to go away."  Well, no, it's not going to go away.  Why?  Because people see good people being condemned and fired for being gay, people see their health insurance at risk of being cut back to deny certain coverage on religious grounds that they don't follow, people sense they and others are being treated with arrogance and hostility -- it's human nature to respond with hostility toward those who are treating them that way.
First of all, there is no such thing as a "gay cake".   The guy is refusing to serve people based on his own preconceived beliefs.  Just like how people have refused to serve blacks or women in the past.    If this couple had asked this guy to make a cake in a shape or style that he did not normally do, or use a specific ingredient that he does not normally carry/use, then he would be within his rights to refuse to make the cake.  However, by all accounts, that was not the case here, as the cake this couple asked for was very simple and very ordinary in his practice.
So then who made homosexuals? We are taught that God made us all.
Utilitas knows this because he is a gay man?
"When his supporters start to be disillusioned, Rodrik fears Trump may react to any criticism by intensifying his identity politics. "  Of course he will. That's what fascist leaders always do when things go awry - scapegoat some unpopular group: Muslims, Mexicans, gays, you name it - whatever works. That way the (white) rubes who foolishly believed that Trump would save them from the "evils" that a Hillary Clinton presidency would bring won't have to look in the mirror and blame themselves when blaming an unpopular group is so much easier. Hitler had the Jews, Trump will have, well, we'll just have to wait and see. But mark my word, there will be scapegoats one way or another. Anything to avoid confronting the real truth: that the GOP is all about propping up the 1% at everyone else's expense and Trump is all about lining his own pockets with as much gold as he can possibly stuff inside them. The rubes were played for fools and we'll all have to suffer for it, some more than others.
And I have seen the following at the schools at which I have taught:  1) A 6th grade Social Studies teacher tell his students that gay people are child molesting perverts and are going to hell. 2) A Government teacher that spread the falsehood to his students that HRC only won 57 counties in the presidential election. 3) A 7th and 8th grade Social Studies teacher that was a birther, and wasn't afraid to make her feelings about Obama known.  In other words, this goes both ways.
The Church HAS denied "its own longstanding teaching and tradition" with regard to Jews. We no longer believe they are bound for Hell (as the Council of Florence taught), or that they are "perfidious" (Good Friday liturgy) or that they are "condemned to perpetual servitude" for the crime of "deicide" (Cum Nimis Absurdum 1555, ratified by later popes as well). DIALOGUE brought huge change here and is now doing so in regard to gays as well.
I'm not surprised Barry got close to a guy making big donations.  Republicans would have done that too.  What is really telling are the close ties not associated with money.  Bobby Titcome and the tranny arrest?
Clearly, BLM owns the Pride, as they had no problems with shutting it down last year and excluding a group of LGBT people (who happened to be employed as police) from participating.
Well my intent was not to demonize, only to point out what I have observed. Can you honestly say that you think Jesus would make critical comments of this girl's gender identity, or, insist on asserting that her sex is the one she was born with, or, debate the fairness of transgender athletes competing in high school sports? Maybe I got the wrong idea about Jesus, but he seemed to be all about love and inclusivity without judgement. Now that I think of it, if Jesus was alive today, sans miracles and trumpets sounding, I think many Christians would call him a dirty hippie. I guess my only point is I wish Christians behaved more like Christ.
Ah, right.  So we're still allowed to distinguish between gays and lesbians?  I though the it was LGBT now?  Gosh, it's hard to keep up with a group that doesn't even know what to call itself.
1,600,000,000 muslims around the globe need to rise up and forever stamp out radical Islamic terrorists.  They should be able to accomplish this with sheer numbers.  They know who they are.  Muslims execute women and homosexuals, why not terrorists???
The Law Society of Upper Canada has refused to accredit  a future law school because of rules that would prohibit legally married gay couples from having sex - and you call them 'social justice warriors'.    Would you still call them 'social justice warriors' if they refused to accredit a law school that put major roadblocks in the way of Jews being admitted, Demento?
Women have a natural right to ordination, not before the state but before God.  There is no justification for saying likewise that does not involve superstition.  As for affinity, I know quite a few women who prefer to hang out with men, not for sex but for affinity.  There are also men, gay and straight, who prefer the company of women and not for sex.  It is simply what is natural for them. There is not one right or natural way to be any kind of gender, especially when you include affinity and sexual preferences.
if you read the article, they aren't funding anti-transgender legislation. their funding is given to be used directly and specifically for "teaching schools how to follow the law when creating nondiscrimination and free-speech policies".   it's a very important distinction that nobody is paying attention to. people may fund political candidates all the time because they are passionate about a certain issue they stand for and not ALL of their issues.
It's quite possible that the priest shortage is a function of the actual or perceived homosexual culture in the seminaries, as well as a rumored preference for admission of men with deep-seated same-sex attraction.  So, I wouldn't be so sure that allowing married clergy would change the number of men who would consider the priesthood.  Anybody who's married knows that using one's on marriage to counsel another's is folly; all marriages are different.  As far as Catholic marriages go, then, single priests have all the valuable knowledge to counsel married couples as married priests would; many married Catholics forget that their marriage is a covenant with God, a very powerful force.
"... its too bad we cant move them all to an island." Ah, yes, move "them all to an island," or a camp, or a gulag, or some such. Wow! Isn't that exactly what a dictator in the last century did with those he didn't like  -- Social Democrats, Democrats, homosexuals, Jehova's Witnesses Gypsies, artists?  Five million perished. Scary, scary comment.
Maybe they want to be there because they are Gay and want to be included just like everyone else.  Most of the Gays want them there, however, racist BLM does not so No Cops in the parade other than to step in if things get out of hand.  Since when did BLM racists call the shots for the PRIDE parade. SHAME SHAME SHAME on all the people that allowed this to happen.  One Giant step back for PRIDE.
All I can add here is that the Bishop's words are too little and too late. They got what they wanted...Trump elected. Now they are going to have to deal with it. Already Trump has said that gay marriage is settled law...and the wall may be part fence, and only criminal immigrants will be deported to start with, and he won't repeal ACA, only amend it. I am sitting back and watching as the sparks begin to fly. The thing that worries me today, is Bannon going to the White house, that is a real concern.
"what is 'moral' 'right' 'good' and 'defensible'" Okay, Robert, who is on your naughty list? Gay people? Women exercising their personal choice who have an abortion? People having sex (straight or gay) without marriage? Atheists? Anyone who isn't conservative Christian? Store owners who say "Happy Holidays" in December?
Welp, I think, luckily, that, wise people simply decided against the unconscionable act of electing Hillary Clinton - The Destroyer of Nations.  Regardless of what the Donald could do, or what he wants to do, he has no record of turning a functioning country (Libya) into a failed state run by terrorist groups where gays, women and children, and especially Christians, are killed everyday for being themselves.
Closer to being a PC? His opinions are anti-abortion, anti-gay marriage, anti-assisted death, etc. If that looks like 'progressive conservative' to you then perhaps have your vision checked. He may have stated he won't act on his views but (1) they ARE his views (2) Socons helped him get elected so he owes them. You may trust him but others have more scepticism. And you may think JT messes up every day, but Canadians don't - and they have more votes than you so they count rather more.
Jim:  You're equating a transgendered individual with an adulterer.  May I suggest that's a false equation.  An individual who transitions from one gender is not impacting anyone else's wellbeing.  An adulterer, of course, is.  You may find the concept of transgender "distasteful."  I believe, based on your previous posts, you also find homosexual distastful.  That's fine too.  No one requires that you support either action.  One the flip side, exactly how is either one harming you or anyone else?  I can and, I guessing, you can make a strong argument that adultery, on the other hand, is harmful to others.  I find that a significant difference.  regards, Gary Crum
Many scholars from around the world have agreed that Aisha was 6 years of age when she married Muhhamad, and why couldn't you counter attack my statements about Islamists killings thousands of innocent gay men and women? You think as if people are going to round up Muslims and kill them when in reality the American people will absolutely not let that happen. We just have to be more careful because there are many Muslim groups out there that absolutely hate Americans no matter their political or religious views and will do everything in there power to attack innocent American citizens.
"They also raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms".  The real question is, what kind of sick mind projects this kind of behaviour on to their children? Where do they think that their children are getting these ideas from? What kind of homes do these people live in?  What a sad horrible place to be, where you are so afraid about using a bathroom? To see sexual context in children using a toilet .... what can any sane rational and decent person even say?  And, no doubt, these "parents" are the same kind of persons who see sex in nudity.  The US is a social disaster mostly it seems, and disturbing attitudes like these will only get worse over the next few years. One can only feel sorrow and sadness for the children affected.
So because the official statement doesn't back gay marriage that means we treat gays poorly? Then why are there some gays that come to church there at ID?  I think you are missing the point. Simply because someone does not go for your definition of marriage does NOT mean equate to treating gays poorly. This is a twisting and distortion of reality.
Homophobia isn't fear of homosexual people, it's fear of homosexual feelings/attractions the person has inside their own mind. Thor has a semantic point.
Michael Archer : Reply Part 2 You then say, “Then there are those who have same-sex attraction and embrace that attraction as the defining characteristic of who they are (as in Jim McGreevy's declaration that he is a "gay American"). In your mind, do opposite- sex attracted people define themselves as being straight. Most that I know don’t. They don’t have to. Most people, in the past assumed that all their friends and relatives were not same-sex attracted. Frankly, they didn’t even think about this subject very much. But then you make the big leap: Same sex attracted people define themselves by their attraction.  Where does this idea come from? This is something that exists in your mind. Has any same sex attracted person told you this? Same-sex attracted people are doctors, scientists, business CEOs, mathematicians, nurses, laborers, cowboys, etc. Who tells you that these people embrace same-sex attraction as the defining characteristic of who they are?
She has nothing to apologize for.  I, for one, am grateful for a light being shined.  At least half the country is alarmed with the left's tolerance of individuals who's purpose is to destroy democracy.   Maybe, if the left leaning ADN would stop printing yellow journalism stories against the right, and started printing stories with both perspectives side by side, than a dialogue could begin to take place.  He is a member of the NAACP, a racist organization.  He quotes the Southern Poverty Law Group, which is a left leaning hate group that attacks Christian based organizations and labels them as hate groups.  Their website lists the YMCA as a hate group.  Really?  Christian churches in the South are listed as hate groups that oppose gay marraige.  I applaud Ms. Demoski for being a responsible politician.  It's important to be aware that this individual, with radical ties to a hate groups such as the Southern Poverty Law Group, is attempting to "join" our government.  TY Amy!
Nick, I recall seeing something about Republican legislators tapping out homosexual love on bathroom stall floors. I've seen something on Republican legislators lusting after boy interns. This extends to both political parties. The But Clinton won't work. He got a BJ in office and no one died. George Bush lied and hundreds of thousands died. Trump has been proven his political team knew about the Russian hacking and colluded with the Russians to attack his political opponent. He would not have won with out the Russians help and as a result of Russia manipulating the elections, America has lost its military and financial edge over our enemy. Trumps team has committed espionage and should be charged with Treason.
What boggles my mind is the same people that pull the religious freedom card to discriminate against those sinner gays turn around and vote Trump into the Presidency.  He of the three marriages, personal war to avoid STD's, Play Boy covers, and predatory groping.  Mind boggling to say the least, but then so was the religious rationale used by the same fundamentalists to keep Rosa Parks in the back of the bus.  This is surely a case of God being created in man's image and likeness.
I recently found out that I too am a lesbian.
Judaic prohibitions against any sexual behavior that did not result in children were based on the instinct of tribal preservation. (I learned that long ago from a Jew.) Christianity inherited its prohibitions against non-procreative sexual activity from Judaism, so if there's to be any discussion about the Judeo-Christian tradition "accepting" LGTB behaviors (or any other non-procreative activity, for that matter) then an "honest investigation" should begin with a discussion about whether or not tribal preservation in the twenty-first century is indeed a valid reason for making gay people's lives a living hell. I submit that it is not. But please, argue away...
Entirely anecdotal, but I've never had a bad experience in a public restroom. Ever. And to imply transgender people as perverted dudes in skirts is not accurate.
The 5,000 number is incorrect. Only 1/10th of 1% of the population is trans. There are only 1.3 million soldiers. So we are talking about 1,300 trans military people max, unless they are joining in droves which i doubt.  Since many surveys of trans people include those who are "non binary" and they often form up to 1/3 of this population, we could be looking at fewer than 1,000 trans and maybe even only dozens of post op trans people. There are only 32,000 post op trans women in all of America. A country of 320,000,000 people.
From what I understand, most gay men think that most straight men are just in denial about their gayness.  It's the dream of every gay man, isn't it Donny?  Anyway, you know that most the clerical abuse of young people was done by gay men.    You find it a problem that I point this out, and accuse me of being gay?    Calling Dr. Freud.
We already have complete gender segregation.  women are not allowed to have any position of authority in the Church, or have any real decision-making authority, simply because of their gender.   I don't think that allowing married men to be priests will cause the ordination floodgates to open.  The Ukrainian Catholic Church is not overcome with floods of candidates to the priesthood, although priests are allowed to marry. I don't see these two issues as tightly related as you do.   Also, despite my complete commitment to equal opportunity and equal rights for women, I don't believe that misogyny is the only problem that the Church has.  I think that homophobia and racism are two very important issues.  The way that the Church treats LGBT people is beyond horrible, and the racism that exists are both serious sins that need addressing.   I think obligatory celibacy is wrong and don't believe that by addressing one wrong or problem, we are negating the importance of another one.
Right, let him off. Lets reserve those prison cells for nonviolent offenders, such as the county clerk in Kentucky for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Like that better?
Jesus is clearly calling for us to love perfectly rather than behaving perfectly.  Not sinning is simply self preservation.  We are called to more than that.  As hard as it sounds, we are not allowed to hate the Alt Right just as they are not allowed to hate gay marrieds or couples who do not conform to traditional marriage customs.  As Christ calls us to love perfectly, we cannot be a Christian nation without accepting those we disapprove of.  Hating gangsta teens who feel empowered by anti-cop rap video is not allowed, nor is hating the cops who abuse them.    Hating people who need public assistance or who are disabled - or failing to provide for them if such assistance is their only income is particularly unholy.  Christ is found in these people, so give them fresh bread and meat rather than the expired stuff.  While it is convenient to donate food rather than toss it, it is holy to select a portion of the new stuff, just as Abel gave from his first fruits rather than the remainder
Lesbian reject men so why should men protect them?
I think there is something very important missing from the bishop's statement.  Perhaps he alluded to it, but he should have focused a bit more attention to it, because receiving the sacraments and a Catholic funeral aren't about gay relationships or straight relationships. A straight couple who marries outside the Church excommunicates itself.  For example, a couple in which at least one of the spouses was previously married and no annulment granted.  Effectively, this couple commits the mortal sin of adultery AND publicly defects from the Faith, and they continue to sin mortally by living as a married couple.  In a state of mortal sin, to receive the sacraments is an additional act of sacrilege each and every time.  Unless they repent, no Catholic burial may be granted to them either. In the case of a gay couple, no actual marriage is now or will ever be possible.  The same self-imposed restrictions apply.  The bishop is only reiterating Catholic teaching on the subject.
"You on the other hand supported businesses that discriminate against gay people based on their Christian religion."  Would you feel the same had those "Christian"  bakers been Muslim?  https://youtu.be/RgWIhYAtan4
Back when Stockwell Day and Stephen Harper came forward to get elected PM, we worried about the Trumpesque factions of the conservative party and its supporters. Harper muzzled them and we were told they were figments of hysterical liberal imaginations, no one in the fold was so extreme.  Well, see?  Told 'ya.  We heard how certain people spoke off record about non-whites, non-Christians, non-straights, non-conservatives, and new Canadians.  It was toxic stuff. And we took notes when we learned what sorts of catch phrases got used to code the prejudices in public ('family values' meant 'anti-gay' while 'Canadian values' meant anti-Muslim, etc.).  Now, note the excitement in some of the comments here that Trump has risen and that we could emulate him. Oh sorry, I'm still hysterical?  You mean it's only about a desire for legal immigration, the more dangerous applicants, respect for Christian values too, and a sincere almost humble concern for jobs?  Yeah, right. As I say. We have ears.
It doesn't work like that.  Nobody can just say "I'm a girl today and a guy tomorrow".  The professional standards of care require three things for a gender dysphoia diagnosis:  The feelings must be persistent, consistent, and insistent.  We are talking about an identity that has been felt for many years.  The identity must be the same over a period of time - and nothing else.  And insistent.  The identity is very strongly held and must interfere with other areas of the trans woman's life.  The idea that someone can change on a whim is a lie told by preachers and politicians.  Whoever told you that either didn't know what he/she was talking about or was telling out and out lies.  This amounts to you wanting someone else to be deeply unhappy just so you can be comfortable.  That is not a very Christian attitude, is it?
Well, you still have  a problem, IMHO.  Fundy churches have been advocating against gay marriage, and saying that gays are somehow lesser beings spiritually, well it's still bigotry.
Its interesting that you are so dismissive. Its almost like you dont want to find out. If there is no fraud, then whats wrong with studying it. We have all sorts of money for pet studies about lesbian penguin orgies, and welfare, so why not a simple study to prove once and for all whether there is voter fraud? There is certainly plenty of anecdotal evidence and preliminary studies suggesting its plausible and has occurred. Thats more than enough to justify a real study. What have you got to hide?
Too bad about the LGBT setback, Joseph Murray, but "shine on you crazy diamond."
Only if you are a LGBTQ gang member.  Are there gang members who are LGBTQ?
The issue is that people think if they aren't in the KKK or a similar group then they aren't racist or bigoted. Most racism happens out of ignorance, and the ignorance lies in not understanding what it's like to be a person of difference. It's hard to understand how society can be unfair for some, when it seems so fair to you.  As a straight white male from a Christian family I can go to almost any place in western society and as Louis C.K. put it: I'll be greeted with "Why, we have a table right here for you sir". I have no idea what it's like to be gay, black, a woman, etc. When groups who do not have the power in society point out this inequality it challenges the assumptions of those who do. If you've never experienced what it's like to be judged based on your heritage, your skin color, your sexual orientation, or your gender then it seems like a bunch of made-up problems. It's only when you recognize the inequality in society can you begin to change it rather than perpetuate it.
Then you better get hard at work making sure the people that are let into this country don't hijack all that hard-fought work with their old-world faith-based views on the value of homosexuality.
Look, I agree with the NCR on things like contraception and homosexuality, but this I can't agree with. I think you can be both Catholic and libertarian.
Apparently some of the trans-soldiers feel like they were fired via tweet. In any event, these sorts of communications are not fitting of a true leader. I find them shameful.
Bradley,  Untrue.  Name one stereotype of the LGBTQ community I'm playing into.   I'm not taking any swipe at anybody (except the cops).   It is a fact, pure and simple fact, that as LGBTQ have gone up the ladder, the poor have been kicked further down. Check the statistics if you don't believe conventional knowledge.  I believe a small percentage of gays are below the poverty line.    My point is, like Bernie Sanders always says, change the rigged political system and the corrupt economic system, you create more equality for everybody.     Contrarily, I see everybody playing the "identity politics" game, each interest group trying to advance their own cause, making more divisions between folks who need to be united in a coalitions of progressives.   It's a glaringly obvious fact - the Women's Marchers and LGBTQ community do not mention the poor in their speeches,   Until they do, those comfortable white collar middle class feminists and LGBTQ people will get little sympathy from me.
Then why is any scientist who disagrees with current, PC thinking on transgendered issues facing such risk to their careers and estates if they dare speak out? It's all sunny days...till there's a government approved mob at your door looking to haul you before a human rights tribunal for stating scientific fact.
As usual, thank you to Frances DeBernardo for saying what needs to be said here.  The painful part of this is that once again the institutional church reveals such as limited knowledge of what it is to be a sexual being.  It is as if they equate being homosexual with being in a constant state of sexual excitement, which is pretty ludicrous.  No one would equate being heterosexual with being in a constant state of sexual excitement.    As a person of 60, I can recall what it meant to be a young adolescent and sexual, a young adult and sexual and a married woman and sexual and now STILL 60 years old and sexual.    It took some growing and maturing to figure out where the sexual part of me should be and how I would express it BUT as a nurse, I wasn't sexual with patients.  I learned to interact with patients that had different events related to sexuality and I learned from them.  My learning is ongoing.    Why would we deny that men and women in discernment must deal with their sexuality?
I'm pretty sure she WANTS to live as a girl. And living as a girl does not preclude her from any of those things you mention, nor does it require her to wear makeup or do her hair in any particular way. Yes, she must wear clothes, but we all must. And she certainly is welcome in the hetero dating pool. Or the homosexual dating pool, if that's her orientation. Or both, if she wants.
Beleifs are not protected. Political thought is not protected. You do not have to amke a cake for a democrat, but you do have to make a cake for a gay. You can move to a state that does not have sexual orientation as a protectd class. Maybe you would fell better there.
You mean, of course, a bishop who rejects Christ. That is what Paprocki is doing with his hate-filled decree. Apparently, you agree with that hatred.  My brother is gay. He is no longer a Catholic because he feels that the institutional Church has rejected him. Paprocki is showing us that my brother is correct.
Just published today - Chick-fil-A still gives to organizations that discriminate against the LGBTQ community: https://thinkprogress.org/chick-fil-a-still-anti-gay-970f079bf85
Those of us who have spent any significant amount of time in Ottawa connected to the staff and goings on on The Hill or the senior bureaucracy dealing with the political staff on The Hill have a great many stories to tell about sexual escapades both shocking and hilarious that take place in this intense atmosphere.  It seems the war between the sexes will never reach a climax (no pun intended) because there are so many truces being called all the time.  One wag I knew wanted to change the name of The Peace Tower to The Piece Tower.  All I can really say about this is that rather a lot has been done in recent years to level the occupational playing field between men and women on parliament hill and this in turn makes for less sexual exploitation which, of course, is a good thing.  And the general acceptance of homosexuality removes this as a blackmail weapon which is also a good thing.  Progress on this front is, and can, only be incremental but it is taking place.
No, I don't mean lust.  I mean two people who truly love each other and engage in sex passionately and intimately.  That isn't the exclusive experience of heterosexuals and it certainly doesn't describe a platonic friendship.  You are refusing to countenance that gay partnerships can be as fulfilling, engaging, and passionate as straight ones.
I admit I don't know a lot of people who were in Canada's military-perhaps a dozen or so. A good half of them are gay, men and women both. They just kept quiet about it.
Indeed, the problem is not "transphobia" -- even though there probably are a small number of people who are just haters -- but rather that many people are honestly confounded by the current state of trans theory due to apparent inconsistencies in the radical reframing of concepts of sex and gender.  We have always regarded sex as an immutable, biologically determined concept, and only in recent times introduced the concept of gender to describe the socially defined roles of the sexes.  Now trans theory is asking us to turn that on its head and believe that biological sex is socially defined but everybody has a sense of gender that is fixed and immutable -- and in this context, women can sire children and men can get pregnant.  This is not a scientific debate, it's a philosophical one.  There's a big difference between discriminating against trans people as opposed to simply endorsing that the biological categories male and female are material and have meaning distinct from gender.
We are Catholic. We also support same - sex marriage. (There is a broader range of opinion in the Catholic Church than any other, I think.) I can't imagine that anyone who wishes to enter into a same-sex union would want to be united in a a church that opposes same-sex marriage by doctrine. Even my wife and I got married outside of the church because the church was taking too long (in our opinion) to go through "the paperwork" - since we had both been married before.
I didn't write this so you could draw your own conclusions about my perception of transgender. My concern is transgender LAWS, and the implication it has on everyone! You stated earlier that the real problem is "men's behavior" and I completely 100% agree. We have in our communities A LOT of registered male sex offenders who would have no problem entering a woman's bathroom claiming to be transgender. They've lied in the past so what's going to stop them now. Can you not see them preying on young women, little girls and older women? Young little girls are very vulnerable to male sex predators. Non transgender men can dress up like a woman, look just like a woman, and legally enter a transgender bathroom. Unless you're in NC where you need a birth certificate of proof, these guys can go anywhere at anytime. So we have protected the rights of the transgender, leaving the vulnerable young girl exposed. She has ZERO rights of protection.
Check out Pew Research for their regular surveys on Global Catholics vs US Catholics and US Catholic views on abortion, homosexuality and euthanasia.   Most Catholics (50+%) continue to regard the sacrament of Holy Communion as a symbolic meal.  Transubstantiation is the theological explanation of how ordinary wine and bread turn into the real body and blood of a supernatural God, which many people understand as the Real Presence.  If you want to quibble about those terms, you're on your own.
Your preferred candidate for president, Donald Trump, says transgender people can use whatever bathroom they want. Is he off his rocker?
See that's thing thing Topher,, I dont think people are worried about gays. I think they want to be left alone from and that is their prerogative.  I think gays can't accept that there will always be people who don't agree with homosexuality.   Tuff.  I don't care either way. I'm not overly religious and I'm not gay. I don't have a dog in this fight  but everyone needs to grow up and respect each other's way of life.  Gay rights cannot trump religious rights. They need to be equal
Interesting comment coming on the day the President of the United States spoke in front of a group that demonizes gay people.
I agree, Holy R. I've always thought that people who are anti-homosexual think that homosexuality is a choice. How could any straight man think that you would choose to make love to another man? (I would think a woman feels the same way, but since I'm not a woman, I don't really know.) The last thing I'd ever want to do is touch another man's junk ... unless I were a doctor or such. I could never even imagine doing that in a sexual context. Therefore, I have come to the conclusion that men who are anti-gay have at least some latent homosexual tendencies, or they would not think that it is a choice ... not that there's anything wrong with that. In the final analysis, I think that baker may be suppressing something.
Why should Colorado even have laws?  What is the point if you do not have to follow them?  The baker should just move to one of the 30 states where it is legal to discriminate against gays. Problem solved.  That begs the question, why would the baker sign the business license application? It states that by signing he agrees to follow state laws, rules and regulations.   The guy must be some sort of scofflaw, he knowingly violated state law. Why do you support lawlessness?
You are 100% correct.  Brunch with homosexual friends is a raunchy riot with lots of making fun of anyone and anything.  This other person is just one of those people who thinks they gain some kind of superiority by being offended on behalf of others (whether they agree with them or not).
The day after Trump announced he wanted a bidding process for pharmaceutics   supplied to  health care coverage, pharma stocks dropped. But the price of an Epipen, which has been the focus of a life and death  struggle over spiraling costs dropped from $600 ( pack of 2 @ $1200) to $100 at CVS Drugs for a generic equivalent. ($10 if you use CVS discount coupons) .  That didn't get much news coverage did it.  Trump also called for lower HIV drugs to save lives  but  LGBT leaders called him a homophobe.
The main point in XIV is that whenever states deprive targeted groups of their rights, the federal goverment has the authority to overturn that action. No going after blacks, Jews, Romany, Chinese, atheists, women, gays, Catholics or people who disagree with Catholics. While Justice Thomas thinks that the unborn make the list, no other Justice does. The plain language of the amendment is born or naturalized. In Roe, the ability to be born was equated with birth, but until Congress, who is the only body who can enforce the Amendment says differently, States can only nibble around the edges after the first trimester, where they generally pander rather than balance the interests of the unborn child and the mother in a crisis pregnancy. They might be able to ban abortions of Downs babies, but getting such a case to SCOTUS will not lead to overturning Roe. As for living wage, if you want to call Pius XI a Marxist, that is on you. Casti Connubii 121, 122.
This is a great article that really outlines both the pros and cons of Gabbard as well as providing some useful background on her challenger Shay Chan Hodges.   Hawaii District 2 is traditionally a very progressive, liberal district having been represented by the like of Patsy Mink for many years. Gabbard was elected over Mufi Hannemann for fears that Hannemann might be too conservative for the District.  (Which seems slightly ironic now.) Those who opposed Gabbard feared that her father, formerly Republican vocal homophobe (founder of Stop Promoting Homosexuality) was her influence for being in politics at such a young age.   It's exciting that there is a strong, experienced progressive Democrat running in Shay Chan Hodges. Hopefully the voters of HI District 2 will take the time to get to know both candidates and then cast their vote on Saturday.
No it really doesn't. Nations block entry from other nations. Has any of that been a huge impact on us in Canada. Certainly not.  The globe could certainly spend more time on the massive deficits, lack of promised infrastructure funding, our outrageous national debt. All of which are not and should not be affected by a us travel ban.  The globe is too enthralled in trumps daily bashing by the press and the rights of small minorities like gays and transsexuals. They certainly don't write about the large population of hardworking everyday taxpayers that fund the governments ever growing incompetence and mismanagement. If Canada has problems that arise from this such as illegal border crossings than its Canada's problem to fix it. The USA should have no blame from protecting its own borders. Last I checked Canada wasn't mentioned as a country in the ban list. You treat it as it is.
On abortion, I was disappointed that Clinton did not point out that Trump was formerly pro-choice when it suited him.  She should have also said that Partial Birth Abortion is already illegal, so that it is not an issue, that it does not occur anyway, and that the law was a stalking horse for repealing Roe v. Wade. Most importantly, when given the opportunity, seven justices, including the two Bush appointees rejected repealing Roe and one of the justices who would have is dead.  Repealing Roe and sending the matter back to the states would also repeal federal supremacy in equal protection law, including gay marriage and consenual sodomy and it will never happen.  Finally, she could even call abortion a non-issue because there are few options for change, although she is proposing one of them, expanding the child tax credit, which will make abortion less likely.
Hi Michael, What do you mean ‘the why of morality’?  Are you referring to the social morality or the Catholic morality?   “If God has an agenda in sexual ethics for some kind of divine holiness,..”  God is not a finite man, “I AM WHO I AM.”   I wonder if God has an agenda in anything?   I am not a homosexual, thus I am not able to talk about it one way or another.  However, we, human need to be/live, i.e., ‘to be is to love’.
sounds like you are admitting that the gay couples discriminated against the baker, who was exercising his right of free speech, free association and free expression of his religious beliefs. There ARE a number of bakeries in the Denver Metro area who would have been glad (and did offer) to decorate a cake to the gay couple's demands....
In this country we have a status called lawful permanent resident, which permits people to work lawfully. A note to the author: when you out people as LGBTI or foreign, you are opening them to hateful sentiment and possible violence. Xenophobic remarks and hate crimes have risen considerably and that makes people feel justified in being hateful. That makes those of us who are queer or not Christian or not born in the USA vulnerable when we are outed.
The call is for an end to discrimination to the derogation of rights, not a call to scrap the revelation in favor of some secular pagan political theories.  Therefore the natural law and positive law proscription of homosexual behavior and the divine constitution of the sacrament of orders as pertaining to men only are outside the scope of Gaudium et Spes. Other Vatican II documents deal with the moral law and the structure of the Church.  The apostolic practice of celibacy of the clergy, the norm for the Western rites and the ideal in the East, can be dispensed. There is essentially nothing in the experience of the East or among our separated brethren to indicate the current norm should be reconsidered.
The magisterium rejects homosexual behavior as grave sin but the Church, the Body of Christ, that is, all God's children, largely does not.  Homosexuality is a natural variant in approximately 3% of the population.  It does not violate either of the Two Great Commandments - to love God and love our brothers and sisters.  Ultimately, we will be judged on how well we have loved and gender will not be considered an issue.
So how many black jobs, Native American jobs, Hispanic jobs, Muslim jobs, female jobs, Lesbian jobs, gay jobs or transgender jobs per industry?  Would an employer get 'extra credit' for a Lesbian,  multi-racial, Muslim?    Since Oregon only has about 1.5% black population, will the employers in Bend be penalized if they can't get any black concrete workers to work on a bridge or spread hot asphalt?  What will the penalty be?
For point #2 it is even worse, the donation he made when he sold the first million shares of stock in 2015 was to an umbrella charity that doled it out to special interest charities in his new riding Rosedale South before the election.  Specifically to Casey House and to a Regent's Park Community charity for instance.  Rosedale South is not Rosedale -  it is Jamestown, Regents Park, Moss Park and the Distillery District.  This is a much lower income community with the Toronto Gay Community at its north end. (The north end where Freeland is MP includes the wealth hamlet north of Bloor St.)  So money for an Aids hospice and a low income community centre before the election are political gestures.  The CPC are not an issue in this riding.  It is a place where Morneau needs to take on the NDP.
I find it very disturbing that a journalist of a reknown newspaper compares  one of the most accomplished athlete and tennis player of our time to a despost and mass murderer!  what is the commom point between defending the rights of a minority to sending millions of people to death or to the Siberian gulags?  M. Court like every celebrity has a direct impact on society especially toward the younger part. It is a fact that suicide and bullying among gay youth takes place too often still nowdays. Denouncing intolerance and discrimination lies in the hands of each citizen but even more so with influential people. M. Court is hiding behind a so called religon to send a message of rejection toward a part of society. She calls herself a Christian but how could she miss Jesus Christ's call of inclusion versus exclusion? Had she spoken against a specific race she would have surely faced more uprising than one brave and outspoken athlete such as M. Navratilova.
Another of your remarkable observations.  So now you are conflating transgender people with "perverts?"  I'm sure you can cite at least one instance in which a transgender person - over say ... the last 40 years - molested someone in a bathroom.  You must have some evidence to make such a wild claim, right?    Right?  Is your scholarly work published?
Who said anything about "Christian"? Not to mention, Not all Christians are right-wing or conservative or Republican borned-again anti-abortion anti-gay moralizing zealots. Some Christians are even liberal.
No, this bunch is about carbon tax, gay rights and illegal migrants.
Nice emotional non-answer ramble gary.  I'll take it as a "NO, President Trump hasn't affected my life in a tangible way".  He basically hurt your feelings because he beat Hillary, right?   So back to my question ..... other than emotionally or psychologically, how has President Trump negatively impacted blacks and gays in a tangible way?  How many constitutional rights has he stripped them of?
Firstly, the bishop is making a temporal judgment based on conspicuous actions. The act of marriage is a very public action - banns of marriage, newspaper announcements, priest or deacon asking any to come forward as to why this man and this woman should not be joined - all very public.   Secondly, too many here believe the bishop is hate-filled. I see it as just the opposite. If what he truly believes about homosexual actions are going to cause someone to lose Heaven, out of love, he wants all to get there, just as our Lord does.  Should the bishop deny a Christian burial to a known and conspicuous racist?
Wow.  I think you may be right that gender ideology is starting to get a little extreme, but sexual orientation or gender dysphoria a choice?  There is much peer reviewed research that would refute that claim.  Given that the transgendered and homosexual are marginalized in our society, it seems like a mighty odd choice.  And the level of persecution just a generation ago -- you could be fired or even jailed for it -- certainly didn't change things, just hid them.  Even in completely intolerant countries gay and transgendered people still exist.  Why would anyone make a choice to be ostracized, beaten, or imprisoned?
Monica, I appreciate what you have written.  It is just so fraught with the formality of theological precise this and that - I don't know how to talk about it.  Let me say this.  Maybe we have to start with a recognition that nature, and particularly human nature, is not fixed.  We are products of evolution and we continue to evolve.  We need to recognize the great diversity present in nature - in different forms of life and species of animals.  We also need to recognize the individuation created in how we (apparently) randomly get bits and pieces of DNA from each parent, in how those pieces interact and how environment in utero and ex utero can affect development.    Nature does not create clones.  All are not either male or female and not all males and females are exactly alike.    We don't need a homosexual theology any more than we need a female theology.  We need a theology that includes all humans.  Human sexuality that expresses shared love is not "undignified." (Dignified sex?)
Let's make one thing very clear, Faithful Catholic: The gay person does not disrupt the family by sitting and eating next to the partner. Those who "issue the ban" disrupt the family. But you are right about one matter. The banners do tend to turn around and blame the people sitting quietly at the table.
progressive  You forgot to add morally superior people like Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King, JFK, Lyndon Johnson, Rosa Parks, and a bunch of others. Just because the US South has been voting for regressive leaders for 150 years doesn't make them morally equal or superior. I guess one civil war was not enough for them.  Over time, your side will lose. Like it always has. There are equal rights now, no segregation, equal pay, inter racial marriage, gay marriage, right to abortion, along with a whole list that your side opposed. And eventually lost.
As the sister of a gay man who came out of the closet in the 80s I've been defending him for the past 30-something years. I'm so tired of people never being able to differentiate my brothers other than by their sexual preference. They have names, jobs, live in different parts of the country. If you think the families of gay people haven't been walking the walk, think again.  I also have a gay nephew who I now support. But one thing I won't supporting this year is the Pride parade. I'm no fan of the cops but I don't support BLM hijacking the parade. I hope Toronto gays insist that Cuba and Jamaica are left out of Caribana. Look how they've victimized homosexuals over the years.
I'm a traditionalist.    I'm hoping tht Justice Gorsuch and perhaps one more Justice of his stripe can get SCOTUS' pendulum going the other way so that Legislatures and Congresses make laws, not five unelected Justices with their own personal agendas.  The Court has been slapping down the 9th Circuit often enough over the past 5-10 years that even they are not as activist as they were, but we need some more weight on that pendulum.  The Federal Judge here in Oregon who ruled against the Oregon Marriage Referendum is gay; I don't particularly care one way or another on the issue itself, I just think major policies like that or Citizens United campaign contributions shouldn't be decided by five old people in Washington DC or one guy with an interest in the outcome here in Oregon.
You need to give the numbers involved.  If you have 62 right wing hate crimes that kill 62 people, then you are still 100s shy of the dead killed by radical islamic terrorists.  Two incidents by radical islamic terrorists in California at the public health department and the gay club in Orlando beat out all the old white dude terrorists attacking postal employees or whoever they target.
What's a 'transgender boyfriend'?  How many 'x'-chromosomes?  And may I suggest you take the trouble to actually become informed about the authentic tenets of my faith before presuming to pontificate on it?  That way you can avoid slagging your own arguments.  And the real joke is that I couldn't marry a second wife--and have it certified--in my OWN Masjid ('mosque').  Because the secular government will impose legal sanctions on any qutb ('preacher') who exercised his right to practice our faith as written in our Scripture.  And there is such a thing as 'freedom of association'.  At least for now.  We don't have to marry you in our Masjid, because by our rules at least one of you has to be Muslim.  For starters.  If the bishop has any sense, he'd take that position as well.  Offer marriage services only to Catholics and this whole thing goes away.
2017 will be 57 years of Fellini's film "La Dolce Vita"  (Palme d'Or, Cannes Film Festival in 1960 and Oscar nominations for Best Foreign Film)  At the Premiere in Rome; HUGE HUGE Scandal !... (But the media fuss will remain completely unknown outside of Italy)  Materials to scandal on several fronts;  first the 'clan' of famous Italian politicians and aristocrats they want to 'burn in' the negatives to having been portrayed (with such biting authenticity) by Fellini (age 40) (the aristocracy as the middle class continues to 'Hate' homosexuality on behalf of Catholic morality, he said).  Many know Fellini's film but many are unaware of the other 'reading' the HUGE scandal; for the first time in the Italian cinema (and world cinema) Fellini shows 'gays' proud to be. (by Arrival of 'speaking' movies, Hollywood has become a ' moral' code (code Hayes);  “Prohibition of gay characters for the Big Screen” from 1930 to 1965)  And Paf ! for Hollywood’s morality in the mind of Fellini!)  (more
The great buzz word of 2017,inclusivity.Does it include white males?I know it does not in Toronto's Gay Pride Parade if you're a cop.Does 'diversity'include white males?Don't think so.John Ibbitson rails against 'old white guys' all the time.If someone was to rail against 'young Black men' or 'young Muslim men',how would that scenario go with Canada's mainstream press?
I had not heard of Milo until the Berkley riots that cancelled his appearance.  Although I fin his speech vulgar at times,( it seems that is the way university students speak anyway, or anyone under 30), I do find a lot of truth in what he says.  He can be thought provoking, articulate, and quite funny.   The podcast that caused his cancellation at CPAC and the book deal he had was cleverly edited by people who thought he was getting too popular and needed to be shut down.  I listened to the whole thing, before the controversy, and although the language again was cringe-worthy, he did NOT endorse pedophilia, nor changing the age of consent for sexual relations.  It is clearly said in the last 3 mins of the podcast.    George Takai can joke about child molestation, Lena Dunham about molesting her sister over a 10 year period, women can march with pink hats symbolizing a woman's reproductive parts, but let a conservative gay man speak out and he is shut up by a smear campaign.  go figure
Has Fr. Reese asked himself (and answered) the wrong question? Is there not a real possibility that "the Trump election" virtually undercut (and I mean "under") the distinction between Rep. and Dem. to evoke what is basely common to both? Of course there are the campaign shortcomings and coups, there is the "rust belt", the "rural urban divide". It is human to be afraid of change, and the response ranges from reasoning it out and engaging adjustment over to adamant, angry, vitriolic rejection. There is a bit of racist, homophobe, and misogyny in so many of us. Who is entirely pure? But we reason, think, listen, purge, grow and act with equality, inclusion, of course.  But....there are other "works in progress" who are fragile, other silently "not"; others are so entrenched that they are silent in public but in the privacy of anon. write vitriolic tweets, wear "hoods", some ready and willing to act. When it's ok to be racist, misogynistic, homophobic the healing stops, hate is victor.
There will be little to debate as any study that questions transgenderism will never receive funding, and if somehow funded, will never be published.  When scientific debate and research is censored in this manner, we are entering scary times.
I am an older transgender person, I vigorously oppose this legislation. I have made a video on the topic that I hope people will watch: https://youtu.be/x-txjWzJQjU . The western world is quickly going absolutely insane.
ah. right, because perverts will stop being perverts as soon as this issue gets hashed out.  society will be much safer if this becomes a non-issue.  because perverts aren't mentally ill- now i get it.    enter pervert: "boy, i've got absolutely no avenue whatsoever to get to any victims now that they've threw out this whole transgender restroom issue and reverted back to men only and women only public restrooms; man, that was my one in!  what in the heck am i gonna do now?  i've given this a lot of thought and i think i'm gonna scrap this whole child molesting gig, and return to being an upstanding member of society.  it's just too darn difficult to be a pervert nowadays; it's just not worth it."   i found the "foreign object found in chalupa" story much more worthwhile.
Jews, homosexuals, blacks, and other minorities are not treated humanely and equitably by the government of Palestine. https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/middle-east-and-north-africa/palestine-state-of/report-palestine-state-of/  If Palestine were declared an independent state today, it would be every bit as much of an apartheid state as Israel.  Likewise, the Arab League is made up almost entirely of apartheid states.
I Suspect that he is one of those Association of Catholic Priests who are dedicated to subverting the Catholic Church in Ireland. With an hierarchy so devoid of actual 'Catholics' it is easy for dissident clergy to gain the upper hand over their bishops. Is it any wonder that the Irish voted to canonise homosexual relationships? We don't hear the Pope berating these lukewarm successors of the Apostles, no, he reserves his caustic criticisms for those who strive to teach and promote genuine Catholicism.
Priests are largely (numerically) as Jekyll/Hyde. They may advance to a higher position, but they don't change their stripes - up to and including cardinals - and the popes all began as Jekyll/Hyde priests. Pious, as circumstances necessitate, and freewheeling otherwise.  Virtually all priests were viewed as pillars of christian values in the eyes of the pious around them - until they were exposed to be criminals.   Law et al....  So those authors/clerics that Roberts quotes may be Hydes not yet exposed. I've seen it too many times. How many closeted but sexually active gay priests have roundly condemned homosexuality from the pulpit.   This article is nothing new, mostly claptrap and ends casting blame on the laity for allowing the abuse to continue.   A flock of sheep doesn't condemn their shepherd when he slaughters one of them to satisfy his hunger. The sheep have been long and very well domesticated.
No one is proposing doing away with gender specific restrooms. Trans gender women are not men and trans gender men are not women. They will be using the appropriate gendered restroom. Don't you worry, the gender binary is in no danger of being overthrown here in Anchorage. There are actually many transgender individuals in Anchorage many of them are public and have been very willing to talk about it. Also there is a wealth of scientific information out there that you could read to supplement your 7th grade understanding of biology and gender.
When it comes to far-Left radical voters in this country, single-issue politics is just fine.  For them, it’s all about sex, women’s reproductive rights,  homosexual marriage and all the rest. But when it comes to God-fearing conservative voters, single-issue politics is mocked as the stuff of 'rubes and retards',especially when that issue is abortion.  Why is that?   Here's why: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz-bZLp1O44
Where we really differ from the pro-life movement is seeking funding for children AFTER they are born, from adequate government programs to an increase in the Child Tax Credit to living wage levels of $1000 per month per child (I hope the rest of the left jumps on). The right wing opposes such an increase as rewarding sexual behavior with their money. Excuse me, but didn’t God say be fruitful and multiply? (Of course, it was Marx who said to each according to their need. I am fine with that).  Bless the funding spent to counter the Organization for Marriage. OM has a bad argument, because gay families often have children or seek more, are sexually functional and like heterosexuals, perform the sacrament themselves (even without priests). OM practices bad theology and must be denounced at evert turn. Do you know what progressive groups without money are called? The Green Party.
Many evangelical Christians practice law in Ontario and will continue to be admitted.  This is about a law school which will have rules prohibiting legally married same-sex couples from having the most normal of human activities.
the government will make it illegal for a white man and a white women to breed as well the way it is going.   only question is will that come before the mandatory homosexuality laws.
Nora, it is so nice to hear from you. My impression is that celibacy is imposed on those who are in all probability natural celibates, that is, asexuals. A person who identifies as heterosexual or homosexual but who has no sex drive or very minimal sex drive is not 'holier,' just naturally asexual, and perhaps not even knowing it, not ever having known anything else. Asexuals with male genitals are not discriminated against by the Vaticanites, but everyone else is, when the priesthood is limited to asexual males. There are also possibly a few priests who are genuinely heterosexual or homosexual and living against their own nature. I believe such an internal conflict would not be recommended by Buddhists, who would only approve of a celibacy that was natural for a person. I suspect that the current RC priesthood derives from the Galli priesthood of Attis, a shelter for persons who renounced male roles despite having male genitals, much like 'third gender' Hijras today in India.
Oh, you mean the Lisa that supported gay-marriage, and flip-flopped on President Obama's Supreme Court nominee after her Native Corp. write-in supports gave her their directive to support a Supreme Court hearing?  Haha
They have been "gunning" for Day ever since he opted out of performing gay marriages.  To charge someone for felony charges stemming from the circumstances described is an abomination.  The DA or other official who filed those charges is guilty of profound abuse of the legal system.
Still cranky about not being able to inflict your beliefs on gay people?  Live with it.
I do not think in many ways any human is in control of their brain today.  Think about it....millions of years homo somethings have inhabited this planet.  When trump was born Television was rare....now how much electronic stimuli are we bombarded with now?  One lifetime is not enough for us as a species to evolve to consume healthily the info pumped at us.  I will say this "civility" thing is a joke.
I can understand, I think, that it might be difficult to acknowledge that one is gay in an environment in which being gay is not ok; but one of the many blessings of the changing societal mores around homosexuality is that it is easier today to come to terms with this than it was in the past; at least, easier in some places and in some ways.  Certainly an environment or culture that promotes and supports honesty is one in which it is less likely that a gay person will attempt heterosexual marriage.
Monte Sahlin 1 day ago: "Why do we have education for pastoral ministry if God prefers to work with the uneducated? Was God absent from all the voted decisions, all the planning and work that went into these programs and institutions?"  An assumption that attending seminary produces well-educated pastors.  Surely, we have all heard those preachers who may have all the doctrines and proof texts memorized, but outside theological questions are woefully unprepared, even ignorant. If a difficult question is asked on science as it seems to contradict the Bible, does anyone expect and honest answer or evasiveness?  The topics that most today and uppermost are not how the 2300 days were computed but how  should we address the "odd" people in our community, even the church:  gays, LBGT, unmarried couples with children,  single parents with children, separating and divorcing parents and their children, and many similar ones.  Does the seminary give answers to students?
The Supreme Court should require Mr. Phillips to obey public accommodations laws in the exact same way the three bakers who refused to make anti-gay cakes did.  Tell the customer you are willing to sell them a cake without whatever message violates the conscience of the artist.  Many of the commenters in this thread have misunderstood the distinction made by the Colorado Civil Rights Commission between Mr. Phillips' actions and the other three bakers who refused to bake anti-gay cakes.  Mr. Phillips did something none of the other bakers did: he refused to sell them a cake.  A gay couple sat down, asked to purchase wedding cake (no mention of designs) and he said "I don't sell cakes for gay weddings."  They walked out, sued him, and won.  All of the other bakers had customers who came in and asked for a specific cake design with messages the bakers considered to be anti-gay.  They said "we're willing to sell you a cake, but we won't put your design on it."  That's the difference.
I know many Christians that have animal sanctuaries, I have a dog cat sanctuary. It`s just that my experience with Peta is that they are ultra liberals, they dont care for Christians at all, they support abortion, gay marriage, and removal of God/Chri*st from classroom/public square  I asked Jesus into my life in 1983, thanked Him for dying on cross for my sins, made Jesus Lord of my life, asked for forgiveness of sins, asked for The Lord Jesus to save me. I am a sinner saved by Grace no better than anybody.  Peta also has been involved in killing dogs and cats, they are a militant anti Christian group in my experience. I am sure they do some good, but I could not sign on to their left wing anti Christian politics  Mark Levin a very good Conservative Jewish man has a foundation to help homeless animals. My sanctuary has no cages chains or ropes, we have large fenced in areas with meadow and shade trees, heated mini barns. nobody is locked in, 3 or 4 to a area they have childrens pools
The problem is, if a transgender "man" who looks, acts and dresses like a man, but was born a female needs to use a public restroom, what are you going to have more of a problem with - him going into the men's room and using the stall, and you never knowing any different, or him going into the women's room where your wife's going to freak out because a "guy" just walked in?
“I like the idea of amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act to include a ban of discrimination based on sexual orientation. It would be simple,” he said. “It would be straightforward.” -Donald Trump  ”If the best person for the job happens to be gay, I would certainly appoint them...” -Donald Trump   Whoops.
Certainly, being "transgendered" is not the norm.  However, it's, I would guess, not an impulsive act on anyone's part.  It's an extreme action likely taken after extensive deliberation and, I'd guess, conversation/counseling with family, friends and, likely, professionals.  I don't feel compelled to "swoop in" and attempt to change anyone's mind...it's their business.  Gary Crum
Regarding: "The most contentious case the court has on the docket is Masterpiece Cakeshop Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, which centers on the refusal of Jack Phillips, the proprietor of the shop, to design and bake a cake for a gay couple's wedding." - It seems that the real issue is whether one can be forced into a contract with another. - Can one force a carpenter to enter a contract to fix one's house if the carpenter, regardless of reason, does not want to do this? - USSupremeCrt would make matters worse if they decided in favour of MasterpieceCakeshop because the owner  claims a religious reason to refuse. In contracts both parties have to equally desire [that is not be coerced] to enter the contract regardless of reason(s) for the contract to be valid. If either contractual party is forced to enter the contract for say, designing a cake, then the contract is not valid or licit.
“Queer and trans people of colour actually started this.” He’s right. Shawn Ahmed ------ are members of Black Lives Matter ALL  Queer and trans people of colour ? - so even if granted "Queer and trans people of colour" started Pride that does not apply to Black Lives Matter, which is not a queer group Shawn Ahmed is wrong
I was arguing for nothing more than summoning up the guts to oppose a strongman leader as he does what he can to destroy women's reproductive rights, gay rights, Palestinian rights, homeless rights, and yes, the right of the people to peacefully assemble. It heartens a people to see their leaders stand in the legislatures and oppose laws that take away rights and hopes, even if that is for a losing cause. I am really arguing against the traditional liberal way of bending over backwards and trying to reason with the enemy.  Hope isn't just to be gained with a win. It is that which comes when one knows one is within the company of like minded people.  Speak out in the Senate and the House, speak out in the legislatures, and defend the poor. What is coming will be dressed in populist garb but will in reality be a taking away of social programs for the poor and the powerless, which is what happens when trillions of taxes are lowered. This is a 1% revolution.
Thank you, Sister. How I wish today's conservative Catholics would educate themselves about the immigrant, post-immigrant  lives of their American-Catholic ancestors.    They adopt the very hating and bigoted beliefs and tactics that were used against their  Catholic great grandparents.  They enthusiastically align with the Religious Right who proclaimed "No Irish Need Apply" or "Dago  Go Home." They have traded Hate Micks for Hate Gays, Hate Libs, Hate Feminists,  Hate Dems, and Hate Muslims---and see no irony!   "Hate sin but love sinners" is always the convenient mantra of those who get to define "sin." And being a Catholic was/is a great sin to  2017 "allies for the cause" not  long ago (Tuesday?)  Grandma O'Brien and Grandpa Marinelli (Al Smith too) wonder why many Catholics have adopted the very thinking that degraded them.   Conservative Catholics eagerly sought and got arranged marriages of convenience (I see Phyllis Schlafly-Donald Trump).    There will be a morning after.
One of the hallmarks of a complex mind or a complex civilization is the ability to recognize, focus on, and address REAL problems. Which bathroom transgender people use, isn't one of them.
Anyone who hates any group of people - hating gays would eliminate appreciation for the frescos of the Sistine Chapel and too many works of literature, art, and music to mention. Hating blacks would keep one from getting a needed blood transfusion. Hating Mexicans should mean forgoing nachos, marguerites, chocolate and chewing gum.  Look anywhere and there are valuable contributions by every race, religion, etc.
Monsignor Charamsa, who came out publicly, is cast into the wilderness even as Fr Jim is given a Vatican role; what Francis should do is recall Charamsa to the bosom of the church and apologize for his summary dismissal of him (including alluding to him a few days later with the verse "woe to him by whom the scandal cometh!"). As to hierarchs reaching out, Pope Benedict said he really wants to help, but that the church cannot accept gay marriage; his writings and speeches are pervaded by celebrations of eros drawing on the Phaedrus--certainly gay-friendly. The horrible Homosexualitatis Problem of 1986 is a monument to Benedict's scrupulosity, though he is not its sole author and it would perhaps be much worse it he had left is to the homophobes who man the CDF ship (as recounted by Charamsa in La prima pietra).
A gender based tax policy? Sounds very complicated and very unfair. And what about transgendered? This is just another can of worms being opened.
A bit more on this-taking away Defense Spending for gender assignment surgeries -applying that (our tax dollars) to our border wall.   (Uh yeah, build the wall first-and why is gender reassignment surgery(s) in the Defense Spending bill to begin with?)  --- The reasoning behind President Donald Trump’s sudden Twitter announcement  ... n order to boost that funding, public funding of surgeries for transgender service members would be removed from a defense spending bill that would fulfill the president’s promises to increase military spending and construct that wall. Conservative Republicans and national defense "hawks" have been focusing on the costs of surgeries as the House tinkered with the bill, and Trump made his decision in order to make sure the bill would move forward, Politico reported, citing White House and congressional sources ... http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/border-wall-tied-to-trump-transgender-ban-report/ar-AAoSxVS
I absolutely agree with you!  "The Church" expects its clerics to remain celibate.  To reject gay men carte blanche is to propose that there is a constitutional personality defect and these poor, "objectively disordered" men, can't be celibate.  Whether Benedict or now Francis, "same sh*t. different flies."
Yes, you make excellent points.  But that it only, in +Kasper's address, is mentioned as new issues that are "challenges" to unity, it is not insurmountable theologically.  At the same time, I was not addressing the current issues of women being ordained, or same-sex marriages, or ordaining gay clergy/bishops, but specifically about the question over Anglican validity of ordinations.  It can be hard to remain focused in our comments, I know, but I note that you pulled us way off that particular item.
Every Country is a "wip" so not sure that captures the conflicts we see today. I have over the years seen "issues" come and go, each with fervor and passion and heated debate. Some wereresolved and faded into the culture, others like abortion, gay rights continue to draw debate but I have not ever seen so much obsessive hate, hysteria and conflicted individuals as now. If you fit the same profile as the friends I am about to describe...see your Pastor or Priest sooner then later..this level of internal conflict can produce enough stress to be life threatening.  Three church going friends, heavily invested in Christian outreach. Practicing passionate Christians all...not just on Sunday. What is confounding is all 3 are consumed with hate over the Trump victory. Each uses FB and posts 1o- 15 vial posts a day for the last 4 months.  Christian's who embrace living the Christian life while consumed with hate makes for a level of conflict that is hard to imagine.
I suspect that a lot of converts - who sought the solace of rigidity, strict logical imperatives (regardless of the premises), and comfort in the salvation of submission, not to mention the specifics of moral certitude, exclusion of "gays", clarity on women's place "...in the church and the world" and a devotion to "will" that requires only sufficient individual intellect to read and understand - are uncomfortable with Pope Francis I.  That is probably more so for those who took the opportunity offered by Pope Benedict XVI's blind-side of the Anglican/Episcopalian considerations.  It should not be surprising that as the truth is setting us free there would be some pain. And, it ain't over yet.
Homophobia is fear and loathing of homosexuals. It is, unfortunately, shown by at least some of the posters here.
I don't think Trump is juvenile. Obama tried that patronizing insult on ISIS and look what they've been doing. Big mistake!   Liberals are way too arrogant to be good. Arrogant and self-deluded about their own goodness.    And Trump's supporters are not child-like. Were the Bolsheviks "child-like"?  The American revolutionaries? Was Robespierre "child-like"?     The important thing for Trump's supporters is now their suffering is out in the political arena for all to see. Liberals have no excuse to ignore them. Whether Trump can provide tens of millions of good jobs is questionable. Whether he wants to is also questionable. But, hey, they want their fill and their thrill one way or another. Don't mess with them.   When you're poor decade after decade you eventually hate the whole world. Would you care about the niceties of gender equality, tolerance towards Muslims, and gay marriage when you've lost your job, your house, your wife, your family, friends and health?   NO YOU WOULD NOT.
Do you have control over your heterosexuality?  Can you turn it off and become a homosexual?
The official church does not welcome people who were conceived in the womb with a different orientation.  People do not become gay/lesbian/transgender after birth.  They are conceived and formed with those enzymes that form not only sexual differences, but also the awareness/orientation to those differences.
Good, so maybe TomZ, who thinks homosexual men should just find a woman and get "married," will realize that the Church considers such a marriage dissolvable.
Yeah, tell me about gay marriage which is not addressed in the constitution and clearly the founders intent was not to support such an institution.  Tell me about the court upholding the requirement that citizens buy medical insurance even if they don't want it or face a fine.
"What I truly don't get is how these folks can fail to understand that no one in a society is safe and secure when we attack any particular group. When one target is gone, a gang of bullies easily finds another."  Interesting observation.  I hope certain people here read this remark.    btw...you placed a "disagree" face on my remark concerning Fr. Martin and Communion.  Since you disagreed with my observation, you must have a reason.  Can you tell me where Fr. M. did state those in active homosexual relationships were able to receive without Confession and Penance?  I haven't found it......
The word 'then' is an adverb whereas the word 'than' is a conjunction and a preposition, depending on how you use it. What, according to you Wltdo, is the "lifestyle" of homosexuals? I assume you're aware that heterosexuals transmit more STD's -->than<---- homosexuals since there are so many more of them.  http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/health/2012/02/03/older-people-getting-busy-and-getting-stds/ Since STDs are becoming quite prevalent among Americans in their 50's, 60's and 70's, maybe you should attend the musical at South Eugene Wltdo. You could invite GBA.
How are gay people better off with gay marriage? You refuse to answer the question.
Is she transgendered?
I am afraid I do not agree with your definition of intolerance.  Disagreement with a viewpoint does not constitute intolerance.  Denying basic rights because you disagree with a viewpoint does.  The federal government showed intolerance toward homosexuals during the sixties sweep, for example.  Many show intolerance toward Muslims when they say they should not be granted asylum based on their faith.  I dispute that humans need a moral law giver, though.  An educated and compassionate person should be able to make these decisions for him/herself.  There are those that choose to delegate that responsibility to another, be it a religious authority, philosopher, or other perceived leader.  Speaking for myself, I prefer to apply critical thought to moral dilemmas and apply my own judgment.  Either approach is valid and is entirely dependent upon the individual.  But an outside moral authority is not necessary for a person to behave in a dignified and respectful fashion.
Wonderful fantasy, if It was a world leader in terms of literacy where was the Kingdom's library?  Can you provide a list of the great literary works of the Hawaiian nation?  Finally, gay rights in 1890's...really?
Of course not. Once again Mr. Rhyner is proving himself to be a di©k where LGBT equality are concerned.
This years election is not about gun control, climate change, education, the minimum wage, fair trade, campaign finance reform, gerrymandering of congressional districts, voting rights, women's rights, gay rights, a party platform, a revolution, It's about everything and more. It's about Democratic Senate candidates catching Hillary Clinton's wave into the White House enabling her to appoint a Supreme Court which reflects our concerns. It then becomes about restoring the voting rights act and overturning gerrymandered districts allowing democrats to regain control of the House. Only then can we Form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.
No, it is to reject a single misguided sexual teaching.  Since there are several misguided sexual teachings (contraception, masturbation, Continence for priests, denying female ordination), they are in good company.  At least you admit that you simply find the sex icky and the fecundity thing is an excuse.  They are not asking you for permission nor is it hurting you or the Church.  The gospel on Fraternal Correction applies to people who have been harmed correcting those who harmed then.  As such, Paprocki and your sweet self are the Objects of fraternal correction by the whole Church (us Catholics in the pews), not the correctors since your ilk has harmed then (even leading gay youth to suicide).  Their actions harm you not at all.  Repent or face an angry God who hears those who are being harmed and is filling with righteous wrath.
It is a totally political ban, just like all of those done by the previous Presidents, Carter, Bush and Obama.    And  I would really like to know what is in the redacted portion of the 9/11 investigation regarding all the Saudi contacts, too before those planes flew, too.  And why so many rich Saudis left shortly thereafter.  But both G. W. Bush and Obama have kept that information Top Secret and both have gone to Saudi Arabia and received their respective gold sword and gold chains from the King and we ignore the Saudi adherence to Sharia law regarding women, homosexuals, and other 'human rights violations'  etc. etc. etc.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/gay-lesbian-bisexual-relationships-illegal-in-74-countries-a7033666.html  You're welcome.
What it makes clear is that Azerbaijani authorities are using Chechnyan persecution of gays as their template for their own persecution of gays.  Glad I could help you understand that.  Anytime.
We'll just have to disagree about Matthew.  <<That is one dubious idea that was proven fraudulent a long time ago.>>  Really! I look forward to your evidence.  I think the fulminations against homosexuality in the Scriptures are extremely unfortunate and have caused untold, needless suffering.
Back in the 70's, Portland was a great city, the surrounding communities of Gladstone and Milwaukee, great places. When the big dot com and housing bubbles came along, Oregon was swamped with rats from California, weed and wine was the theme. They did unto Oregon what they did unto Denver Co. Now, you have a cesspool of as the first line of the article says... a progressive haven: a bastion of hippies and hipsters, feminists and vegans, bike commuters, urban farmers, backyard-chicken owners and coffee snobs. That's the tip of the iceburg. It's also San Fran or Palm Springs Ca light, a gay, lesbian and confused bastion. You have your annual nude parade, for the most part, butt ugly. These people aren't into America, they are into themselves, period. It's like a freak show from the future, the more holes in your body, the weirder you look, the more they think of themselves...for what I have no idea.  Portland can burn for all I care, from the ashes..........maybe, just maybe
Congratulations to Gay Officers Action League in New York for demonstrating inclusiveness in their Pride Parade. For far too long Pride Toronto has demonstrated a racists and sexist double standard by lowing Queers Against Israeli Apartheide in the parade, nothing more gay anti-Semites while blocking the Canada Association for Equality (CAFE). And now with BLM controlling the parade with their divisive tactics it is time Toronto and Ontario stop providing money to Pride Toronto.
Regarding: "We begin with Rana Abdelhamid, founder of the Women's Initiative for Self-Empowerment (WISE), who discusses the reality of the "hijab grab" that many Muslim women have experienced. She explains why she runs a self-empowerment and self-defense class for Muslim women." - Groups such as WISE do great good. - One way that they can do greater good is to lead discussions about how Islam, Muslim life, and Shari'a interrelate. - For instance terrorists will cite Shari'a to defend slavery, religious discrimination and slaughter, murder of men and women who step out of perceived norms of behaviour (gays, women who do not dress according to certain norms). - Muslim community would help all by identifying those laws and show how they have been already rejected by Muslims, or should be rejected by Muslims. This discussion ought to be held using languages other than Arabic. That is, make the rejection of shari'a that inhibits the global community transparent and global.
Not a Hillary fan, but she won Colorado. Given the fact that at least the Dems are right on 1 thing - liberal social values - gay marriage, reproductive rights, civil rights - I don't think they'll be listening to you folks anytime soon. Rural areas are filled with backward people who are aging rapidly. The folks remaining in rural areas have to become more inclusive and open-minded.
I agree. In the Good Book it is written that the only unpardonable sin is blasphemy against the Holy Spirit (Matthew 12:31.) If the Holy Spirit is indeed what animates people's love for one another, then it is my belief that those who would seek to place limits on other people's love are guilty of blaspheming the Holy Spirit. Of course some will refute that argument conveniently by saying gay "love" (complete with scare quotes) cannot ever be real. To them I say, I'll take my chances and you take yours. But if they're wrong, they're in deep doo doo, because, to quote Maude, "God's gonna get them for that!"
Well somehow heterosexuality and homosexuality differ in very profound ways.  Even non-monogamous heteros on average don't have 20-100 or more sex partners before they're 30.  Since we clearly don't understand why sexual behavior differs so markedly...we shouldn't treat them as if they're equal!  That's just logic.
2/3 1.) Gay Catholics in committed relationships must consider whether the Catholic Church can really be their home. For sure, they have a right to be there, but they have to deal with the reality that when one of them dies, the other - and the rest of their family and friends - may well run into this filthy policy. They need to think through ahead of time whether they are willing to deal with that, and if so, how. 2.) This policy could be implemented against any Catholic who is in a relationship the church (or bishop) does not approve. Cowardice and hypocrisy prevent most bishops from dealing with the implications of canon law and church teaching, but if they did implement the law consistently, they wouldn’t have to worry about a shortage of priests: there would be almost no-one left in the church.
This is being widely reported as an Islamist terrorist attack on a gay night club. This was not just some gun nut. The attacks in Europe have shown their ability to access military weapons in highly restricted areas. No amount of gun control will stop foreign operatives.
She claims to be bisexual, which strongly implies their marriage is not monogamous, and it may seem strange to you, but last I checked about half the country believes in the sanctity of marriage, that is why we have a legal process to get a divorce. You have your share of fantasies, don't throw them over the fence at me...
Actually it's already covered by Medicare.  Besides, the Pentagon spends ten times as much on Viagra as on transgender medical coverage.
Trump did not say he wants to end welfare.    He did not say ANYTHING against gay marriage.  He said he was for it.  He said it was "decided."   Low income people voted from Trump because they do not want to live on welfare forever...they want real jobs!  Why do so many here repeat things that simply are not true?  I don't care if you don't like a candidate....but making stuff up?  No!!  Where do you all get this bogus "facts."
Being drunk and disorderly is against the law. Being gay is not. Work hard if you want to change those laws.
Based on your post, I think it is safe to say you were not a comrade among bullies. That's probably good. However, if it's true, then you were not exposed to the camaraderie among bullies. How then can you know how among themselves they regard the slur, "you're such a fag"? As to how some posters here sometimes respond to you and to others, it genuinely saddens me when we show each other disrespect and are uncivil. I must admit, that, try as I do, I have been so on occasion. I do sometimes yield to my baser instincts.
Now you're not making sense, what's golf got to do with this? When I talked about the murders of gays in Syria, which ISIS does there buckshot, I was saying that it is a bit far for his message that he was trying to convey but resteered the topic back to the fact that Muslim bakers do discriminate and you guys don't get all hurt over it. So why the double standard? The law is a grey area man, it  is not black and white as to who is wrong and who is right.
They prohibited men with deep seated homosexual tendencies from the Priesthood. Maybe too late but it seems to be working.
Since there have been transgendered people in the military for years- what is the point of asking a question like that? If you can point out that they are a detriment to the military- with factual evidence- that would be one thing, but a nebulous survey ? Really?
I am not casting any stones.  As a matter of fact I have a very good friend who does happen to be gay.  I treat him with respect and he does the same. He knows my feeling. I also worked very hard to help him win a seat on the circuit court as a republican.  It seems from the comments that the ugliness is coming from those that wish to change the rules of the Church and the Sacraments that were instituted by Christ Himself.
Well said.  When does it end?  Soon, we will become so fractured everyone will belong to a special group, only to find there are no special groups.  Time to treat all Canadians exactly the same and stop all special groups...including BLM, LGBT, WASP, and any and all religious recognition in any and all public areas including schools, businesses, and government.  Motion 103 as well.
Like taking donations from Countries that throw homosexuals off of roof tops? Yes, that is interesting.
Wrong again, Marty E.  Herr Hitler, like Herr tRump, blamed his nation's problems on those he considered unfit for his nation.  Hitler blamed Jews, homosexuals, Gypsies, leftists, and, in the end, anyone who opposed him.  Trump blames immigrants, Muslims, leftists, and anyone who opposes him.
One doesn't have to witness a  woman being stone to death, a gay man being tossed off a building  or a somebody being beheaded for Allah  in person to know its wrong.
No, the two are EXACTLY the same thing. The only difference is which group is being discriminated against. You want to discriminate against gays, so you pretend that you are not acting like your blood brothers, the racists.
Because AIDS is sexually transmitted, and because there are a lot more heteros than homosexuals in Africa, it follows that the great majority of AIDS victims in Africa are hetero.  Per capita in the Western world, however, AIDS was a lot crueler to gays than it was to straights, owing to the differences between gay sex and hetero sex.
Having used 'gender neutral' bathrooms in Korea clear back in 1988 as well as seeing the local citizenry relieve themselves in little open-air port-a-potties next to the rice paddies, as well as in the center of village streets out in the country, I am not too concerned about who or what gender use bathroom facilities for that purpose.   Sort of like the open-air urinals they have in France.    In this country, however, the reason a person is in a bathroom which does not match their biological equipment is a much different situation just because our society is different.  Expecting the vast majority in our society to encourage transgender bathroom visits is just plain silly.    It's no really different than getting an American to accept women's topless swimming which is common in Europe and in resorts frequented by many Europeans.   Many aren't able to accept that basic change in attitude.
RD now calls himself "Life of the Lay". He changes his user name as often as some people change their shirts. When I first took notice of him, he called himself "Redemptus Dominum", so I took to calling him "RD".   When I said "they", I meant psychiatrists and psychologists. The American Psychiatric Association puts out a book every few years called "DSM" (for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders), which is currently in its 5th edition. The early editions said that homosexuality was a psychological disorder, later ones have deleted this. RD dislikes this change, and claims that it is only because of politics that the change was made.
It isn't about Gallagher or his writing style. I never heard of the guy before today and have no interest in him. But his argument is the same one espoused by many other more influential voices and it needs to be addressed.  Since Roe v. Wade there's been a false dichotomy between issues on which a person could use prudential judgment and those that are, ostensibly, nonnegotiable. At first it was just about abortion, but in the 40+ years since then, they've upped the ante by adding euthanasia and gay marriage to the list. And now, apparently, public restrooms have been added! How much more of this nonsense do we tolerate?  I reject the false narrative that this is the way it's always been, and there are other reasoned voices in the Church making the same argument. That's what I care about, not the ramblings of a long-winded grad student.
I actually read your link and the requirements as far as testosterone levels are concerned are the same. A transgender athlete eligible to play under NCAA and IOC rules must be on Hormone Replacement Therapy, a major part of HRT for male to female athletes is an androgen blocker. Trans female athletes are tested for androgen levels and if found outside the prescribed ranges for female athletes they are barred from competing same as for all female participants.
No, according to YOU "morally straight" children are homophobic.  In fact, according to you every rabbi, imam, and priest who teaches what his religion teaches is homophobic.  Obviously only heterophobes are going to take that seriously.
the gays got the ACLU to pc the law and reality for them. The baker may have gotten some help from his customers. That "pipsqueak" was in business for many years and was loved and admired for his artistry. The gay couple was wrong in suing over something so trivial as a wedding cake custom decorated to their taste. There are many bakers who would have accommodated them, but they wanted to harass the one who would not compromise his artistry and refused to do their bidding.
Our relationship must first be with God (Father, Son, Holy Spirit) before it is with the world. Christ preached it.  The man or woman in an irregular relationship, goes for both hetero & homosexual relationships, has disinvited himself. In essence, he has excommunicated himself de facto.  And, just as the shepherd rejoices more for when he has found the lost sheep than he does for the 99 that stayed put, Paprocki may feel the same way.  These are corrective actions by the bishop. We should all rejoice that he cares more for his flock's souls than he cares for public approbation. Because, it sure sounds like he is getting crucified.  The bishop, when he has finished his journey on Earth, will stand alone before God. None of his supporters OR detractors will be there. He will convict himself by his actions and what was in his heart. We will also stand alone in the awesome Presence. Make sure you have a properly developed conscience, just as I must.
A swing, and a miss.  Love your neighbor, unless your neighbor suffers from concupiscence of some kind?  But that last category includes all of us.  There is no "unless".  Simply love your neighbor.  My tendency toward various sins sin, my particular temptations, should not be ignored, perversely to the point of pretending it is ordered toward my good, for the sake of not hurting my feelings.  That is not love.  It is the same for homosexuals.    And it is a slander of Christianity and of Christ himself to equate the recognition of sin in ourselves or others with loathing or to contrast it with love.  When Christ taught, He was not lacking love for those who are sometimes like (e.g.) the servant who buried his talent in the ground in the Parable of the Talents.  Yet when the Church teaches, as Paul taught and as Christ taught, you would have it be incompatible with love.  You can't have it both ways.  Did Christ love or did He loathe?
Pence would be much, much worse - He'd have all the right-wing pandering that Trump brings, the same ridiculous attitude towards removing healthcare from millions of Americans, quite possibly a similar aggressive attitude towards North Korea, not to mention his hardcore Christian beliefs around abortion and homosexuality - and he'd have all of that in the body and mind of a well-versed and incredibly experienced politician!  He'd be ten or twenty times more dangerous than Trump could ever hope to be (and a lot less silly-looking, cause he doesn't tweet 200 times a day!)
But their rage was perfectly justified. No psychiatrist now would talk of gays in the way that was common then. The profession was conforming to social prejudice, and was hypocritical and violent in its procedures. It did huge damage to young gays.
I guess Canada hasn't been following the U.S. for the pass 8 yrs. when we had a so called leader who threw us under the bus.  He was a pot smoking gay.  Medical pot is one thing, daily use is a whole different story.  Live and learn.
The "welcoming Church" should treat homosexuals as true brothers and sisters in Christ. Stop doing things such as automatically firing gay employees for getting married.  Pope Francis wants a Church that focuses on the poor means that the bishops should stop talking as if the only significant political issue in the US is abortion. I have heard priests and hierarchs say that one should vote for Trump because he opposes abortion, as if that were the only thing one need consider.
The altra-left wants these statues remove as a means to eliminate the History of the country. To them America is unjust, immoral, racist, bigoted, sexist, and homophobic, but the History doesn't paint that picture. The country fought a war to abolish slavery, a racist country wouldn't do that. And would a racist country elect a black man twice a President, Obama's eight year will have to be removed. White men help women get the right to vote, white men allowed a women to run for the highest office in the land, a sexist country won't do that. Hillary's run will have to be removed. Same sex couples can marry, how many downtown parts of any city in the country was burned and looted after the Supreme Courts decision? The bigotry,"intolerance towards those who hold different opinion to ones self", in American, is on the left. No cities was burned or looted after the gay marriage decision. Can't say that after last years election. Extreme behavior is on BOTH SIDES. Trump's correct.
BLM didn't make any friends in the gay community when they pulled that stunt last year. But lets's not forget that policies like "carding", which  had a disproportionately negative affect on the black community, existed here until very recently.  I think Pride struck the correct balance. This year they conceded to BLM. Next year is a different year.
I clearly did not claim ignorance of homosexual conduct as I went on to state my understanding of it. But I wanted to know how you understood it; hence my question.  If you have s*xual interest in your 'puppy' (or 'guppy'), then I suggest you talk to someone about it. (Talk also with a professor of logic, because interest in your puppy (and guppy) has about as much relevance to this topic as a baked Alaska.)  Committed homosexual love clearly involves sexual attraction, but is not, contrary to your stereotypical and homophobic view, defined by it. So no: a homosexual wouldn't want to have sex with his or her close friends,  because the love manifested here would be devoid of such attraction.  YOUR definition of homosexual conduct reveals far less 'definitional accuracy' than mine, since it dwells, exclusively, on the sexual.  As for that cardinal, he was probably as q*eer as a bottle of French fries, but hadn't the bottle to be honest about it, like many Roman Catholic priests today.
MSW has made me ponder whether the issue is that simple--religious freedom as an excuse to discriminate. The baker, it appears, is willing to sell his homosexual clients food, and I would guess by extension, he would be willing to sell them a non-personalized cake. To require him to use his creativity, his services, to express a message contrary to his religiously based moral conscience is something extra, it seems to me.  What about a doctor who refuses to perform an abortion where abortion is legal or a doctor who refuses to assist a patient die where euthanasia is legal? Should such refusal be made illegal as discrimination? Or how about the doctor with moral objections against abortion or euthanasia, where they are legal, non only exercising a legal right to refuse to provide those services, but also refusing to refer his patients to other providers will to oblige?  Seems to me the bakery case is somewhere in between. We have to put aside our convictions that gay marriage is OK.
Jamie was right person to review Martin's brave attempt to built a bridge in a climate of building and maintaining walls. Martin deserves kudos for his brave effort.   Not simply RCC problem with accepting gay sex but all sex - sex as the center of life. The RCC can't lay back and enjoy it.  No joy or pleasure of sex manuals with a RCC imprimatur. Distorted from the beginning with the foundational myth that Jesus could not be conceived through a natural sex act. Humanity is bad from the gitgo and human sex makes it badder  The tortured history of accepting sex as the center of life remains a formidable RCC challenge. (Recall Aquinas finally argued a little pleasure should not be sinful if having procreative sex). Recreational sex remains anathema.   "Every sperm is sacred" and hence, masturbation remains a mortal sin. Lesbianism isn't as bad since no sperm.  The inordinate amount of historical time the RCC spent on a minor note than the gospel's liberation motif cries, "Maranatha!"
You tolerate and support segregation in our schools.  You don't support Canadian values, just whatever makes anyone Conservative angry.  If Conservatives came out for Gay marriage you'd be against it.
I approve of your same sex relationship just do NOT go to Trinity  simple why make life complicated?  if fact most anti-Trinity posters have no intention of going to Trinity  just go to a university that allows pre-marital or marital gay sex  what is the problem?  different strokes for different folks  why must Trintiy students model themselves after you  i too would not go to Trinity
Thank you Rodney Diverticulitis and the rest of BLM for showing us once again who the real racists and bigots are.   Thankfully you do not speak for all black and/or gay people, not even close.  Pride -- either take your event back or cut it loose to sink with the pirates on board.  We don't need BLM's brand of hatred and segregation in our community.
Gary,  I think off and on about the various points you bring up and I wonder if you actually have it backwards?  The republican party actually needed Trump to "shake-off" their political strategies of the last 50 years or so.  Basically Trump pulls away all the furthest right republicans (Who will wander the political desert with basically no representation at the national level.) and what remains is the more socially centrist and fiscally conservative republicans.  They no longer have to lose the debate over abortion, gay rights, the environment, etc. or carry the water for those issues.  Those issues become "done deals" just like women and minority voting rights, labor, slavery, the gold standard, social security, etc.  The real question to me is do the republicans have the ability to see, act, and achieve from the opportunity Trump has given them?  Personally, I'm not holding my political breathe.
Trudeau's 50-50 male female Cabinet is not  progressive it ignores gay transgender asexual two genders are totally un-Liberal Trudeau explain yourself
Soon blood will spill in our streets. In its 2015 annual report, published in February 2016, the Southern Poverty Law Center, SPLC, counted 892 active hate groups in the U.S., an increase from the previous year. Of these, 190 were KKK groups, 94 were neo-Nazi groups, 85 were white nationalist groups, 95 were racist skinhead groups, 19 were Christian Identity groups, 35 were neo-Confederate groups, 180 were black separatist groups, and 184 were classified as "general hate groups" (subdivided into anti-LGBT, anti-Immigrant, Holocaust denial, racist music, and radical traditionalist Catholic groups, with an additional "other" sub-category)).[11]
Thank you Mark!  If I were you I wouldn't waste a breath on any of the wrong-winger naysayers comments.  None of them ever get tired of bashing Democrats, liberals, the homeless, the LGBT, Alaska Natives, or any other issue that makes their bigot or racists traits uncomfortable.  Have a great day, Mark.  True Alaskans still love and support you.
Yes John, it is relationships that are important - How we make them and maintain them.  A gay married man would have much less deprivation and more understanding of relationship than a celibate man who is often  stuck in his own schizoid  personality traits of not seeking a good personal relationship.
Just because you are a lesbian and got fired doesn't mean you were fired for being a lesbian. I have been fired several times, and I never attributed it to NOT being a lesbian....
There ya go....so then being gay ain't so funny after all once voters see that demented and depraved way actually does have a totally negative  impact on having good judgement, common sense, and proves yet again Darwin's theory about evolution of the finest and  fittest for purpose! Wynney's not fit for any ethical or productive political purpose....never was....never will be!
Mr. Flitch, The issue here is religious organizations and the possibility of being forced to accepting  homosexual marriage.  It is not bringing up the past, not "busting" on my choice of a user name and  diverting from the subject matter being discussed. I am a new to commenting on this site so you sir are making a highly uniformed judgment call pertaining to who I am based on a limited amount of comments I have made thus far.
That is like claiming that the power of the SCOTUS os self declared.  It is also like claiming that the SCOTUS believes judges like the guy from Arkansas who told the state judges to ignore their decision on gay marriage are seen as dangerous and need to be silenced.    Funny thing is--the pope does not go around condemning Protestant theologians who hold similar views to dissident Catholic theologians.  What that means it that the pope does not condemn theologians based on fear.  They are condemned for not adhering to the Catholic Faith.  The difference between a dissident Catholic and a Protestant is that the Protestant has integrity.  If a person wants to be a Catholic theologian, then they need to teach the Catholic Faith--not their own agenda or personal whims.  If a Catholic theologian wants to teach things that aren't Catholic, yet are religious and have to do with God in some way--let them go teach at a Protestant university.  Then the pope won't care what they teach.
Why Catholic bishops continue to believe that Republicans in Congress care one whit what they think about anything is beyond me. The next time Republicans will pretend to care is around 2019 when they will use the bishops to help them capture the reliable Catholic vote for the Republican nominee because of abortion and gay marriage, and of course it will work like a charm. And then it will be three more years of ignoring them. Rinse, repeat.   The bishops are as clueless as Mitt Romney was when he allowed Trump to humiliate him by pretending that he was interested in appointing Romney as Secretary of State when Trump wined and dined him at Jean Georges in New York only to plop Romney onto the junk heap afterwards. You'd think the bishops would take the hint that they're being similarly used but they seem completely oblivious. They might as well be whistling past the graveyard - Republicans in Congress just aren't interested in helping anyone with taxes but the tippy top one percent.
You say you understand it, but you really do not. It is weird. The people did not want an endorsement of their event, they wanted a wedding cake. There is a difference. The baker offers services to heterosexuals that he does not offer to homosexuals. That is literally discrimination. This is really tough for you to grasp, I get it.  "You are welcome to buy anything in the store, but I refuse to offer you the same services that I offer a different protected class, heterosexuals."  It is a fact that the baker discriminated.  It is not a debatebale matter of opinion, it is a dictionary definition if discrimination, which is against Colorado law.  Replace "gay wedding" and "heterosexual wedding" for black and hispanic. Is it still not discrimination? You still have not shown me where it says in the Constitution thst discrimination is protected.
Kuewa, if you read this, http://www.transgenderlaw.org/cases/ulane.htm, I believe you will find that Congress never considered nor intended that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 apply to anything other than the traditional concept of sex. Had Congress intended more, surely the legislative history would have at least mentioned its intended broad coverage of homosexuals, transvestites, or transsexuals, and would no doubt have sparked an interesting debate.  Several attempts to broaden the law to include every weird concept of sex have failed.  Courts have ruled that the term "sex" as it is used in Title VII is to mean more than biological male or biological female, the new definition must come from Congress.
exactly this is nothing but a temp shift to distract from the years of increasing regulations ,, lets never forget when dalton said red tape is a good thing! and what about the gay agenda rules they are shoving in society and businesses to accept!!!
The USA military spends much more on Viagra than on medical care related to transgendered people during their military service, but you probably already knew that.
The Church's teaching against homosexuality was carried forward with the moral laws of the Old Testament based on the Natural law, along with the teaching on fornication among others.
As for Catholic politicians, their right to act pluralistically is assured under Dignitas Humanae. Period. I would rather that they take on a teaching role and inform the hierarchy about how much they are being played by the GOP and how Roe can be seen as rightly decided, not on the result but on the relevant constitutional issues and especially the primacy of the federal courts on equal protection and due process cases, including gay marriage, contraception, abortion, legal private sodomy and especially the Church's right to exist in Alabama where most everyone considers the Pope the anti-Christ.
The Frenchman admitted that he was in a gay relationship and is "married" to a man.  That is a sin and the gentleman is in need of repentance, according to the Church, but the Frenchman never repented, unlike Mrs. Gingrich.
If she is serious, shouldn't she be extending her criticism to places like Saudi Arabia and others in the Middle East?  Saudi Arabia supports and promotes an islamic ideology that is not that different form ISIS. Saudi Arabia crucifies people, publicly beheads people, bans non-muslims from some cities, bans all non-muslim religions, removes hands as a from of punishment, executes gays and denies women basic rights and supports islamic extremists around the globe.  How will she de-radicalize when the government supports places like Saudi Arabia, Qatar and other dictatorships that follow and actively support an extreme version of islam.?
If you can't love God and obey his teachings then you really can't love your neighbor.  Jesus called loving God the greatest commandment and then he twinned it to the 2nd commandment of loving thy neighbor because God is love.  Only by loving and obeying God will He give you the sanctifying grace to go outside of your natural self-love to truly love somebody and create a virtuous circle strengthened by His sanctifying grace which sustains forever.  God has also consistently condemned the homosexual act, but not the sinner, from Genesis to Revelations.  If you don't even want to obey God then can you really love him?  If you can't love God then can you really love somebody, be it your spouse or your family or your friends or even strangers?
Good article Yereth. At NARL in 1979-80, we kept a slew maybe 40?) of study parka squirrels in elaborate "hibernacuLums."  Somewhere I have photos, but they were still abandoned in place last I looked when I was in Barrow.  I spent time on the Utakok River camp assisting an outside study focused on thermoregulatory functions.  All with internal transmitter devices. Craig George at NSB WildLife was there then and can take you out to the old Animal Research Facility (ARF.) Great to see our work evolve into something meaningful and did not remain just scientific study. Becky Gay, the fifth element.
Try being gay or a theologian in the Church under BXVI or JPII.  On the other hand, if you were a conservative--who brought in big bucks-- you could build a mausoleum dedicated to your future sainthood like Escriva and Maciel.  One made it and one crashed and burned.  If Pope Francis is creating a climate of fear in the curia it's only because he learned how it's done as a bishop under JPII and BXVI.  Your comment is laughable, not ironic.
Gee....when I bought a house in Anchorage in 1980 I thought I'd moved to Alaska.  Searched through your link.  Didn't find a reference to "sex", or "gender", or even the part word "trans".
I'm not sure that they know whom they represent.   It seems to me, though, that the way that they dealt and continue to deal (or more accurately NOT deal) with the sexual abuse scandal, and the way that they treat gays, women and divorced folks indicates that they lack a moral compass.  So, anything that they say about anything else comes off as being self-serving.  Until they develop that moral compass, I'm not sure that anything that they say will really matter to anyone in any real way.
The context, again, was that such conduct is a result of not living in a theocracy.  Be fair to Paul, he thought the world was ending soon (it did not), relied on Leviticus coming from Moses (it didn't) and though homosexuality was a choice (it isn't and science can prove it with epigenetics).
This is an event that took place in Anchorage. I, for one, am glad ADN published this story. Homosexuals are a part of our community. They deserve to have their stories told, just like anybody else. It's obvious it's upsetting to you that ADN runs stories about gay people. Why is that? You say it's not homophobia, so what do you call it?
spree killers killers are becoming more common - it's almost as if they feed off the media coverage it gets.  the fact that  they usually die at the end , for whatever reason, means nothing.  and they are all twisted - like this guy had all kinds of hate...towards gays, towards americans... it is a hate crime and it is terrorism and it is really the worst in many ways.  it's as bad as several years back, some twisted  guy took over an Amish school and then systematically lined up and murdered several little girls.  the revulsion I feel for the perpetrator is deep.  for every one person who legally carries conceal weapon and actually stops a crime is so small compared to how many murders and suicides happen.  the ratio must be 1 save for 3000 deaths...guestimate.
"His was a great mind and a great vision. The isolation he experienced, forced by the U.S. and by his rejection of capitalism, perhaps drove him a little mad. He did some cruel things. But don't we all."  Yes, it's all "grey", isn't it, not "black and white" Perhaps he was exercising his conscience and, although his acts, by any measure, were objectively evil, he was culpably free of personal guilt because he did the best he could. It was all America's fault, after all.   The killings and disappearances of thousands of Cubans; no free elections; many Cubans in abject poverty; the abortion rate the world’s second highest, making Cuba’s rapidly aging population worse; and homosexuals are sent to concentration camps.   Yep, Castro did some wicked things and, sure, we all do. Ultimately, God will judge him, but don't romanticise the murdering tyrant.
""Forcing your doctrine down the throats of ..."  Why do opponents of gay rights so often use this metaphor?
Help me understand. You are accusing folks that go to Imago of being "homophobic". This means afraid of gays, does it not? I don't think any of us there would be afraid of gays. The problem starts with the assumption of some of the conservative types assuming being gay is a choice. I do not believe it is a choice. Does that help?  And the theology you refer to in your second paragraph is held by some conservatives, but not all believers. Many Christians would say that is a distortion of the gospel and certainly a distortion of Jesus' teaching.  There can still be a very valid form of Christianity without the supernatural, at least not the kind of supernatural you refer to.
Radicalization is taught at home, around the dinner table, as the family enjoys mom's good home cooking, while the grown ups discuss destroying Israel, eradicating homosexuals and the evils of dirty infidels It is drilled into young minds with every tale of glorious martyrdom for Allah in every mosque in every city around the world. Extremism for Islam is taught the same way Christians are taught about Jesus and his message of mercy and forgiveness. It is not at odds with the teachings, but is central to the religion
[Continued from above].  At Masses led by a priest, Monica and the pastoral associate [a woman, also] take turns reading the Gospel and preaching the homily.  Monika does baptisms, funerals, takes care of liturgies in the old folks homes and does 'pastoral colloquies' [when people want confession---because no priest would be there for months--and for some, that would be too late].    Citing Politi again, 'questions still considered thorny in other parts of the Catholic world, such as how to deal with same-sex couples, have already been silently dealt with in many Swiss parishes.  Monika wouldn't go on record for this, but it is well known that in quite a few places,  priests and lay leaders of parishes do discretely bless homosexual couples in front of the altar." p.93.  Again, the wave of the future.  Know what needs to be done and just DO IT.  When those priests 89, 91 and 92 years of age die off---Monika and others like her will completely be in charge of parishes.
"Legally and factually dubious claims about the law became the platform to oppose equality for trans and gender non-binary Canadians, cloaking the underlying transphobia that animated the opposition."  Wow. Do the authors really believe this about their opponents?
I wonder if David Grisham and his Repent Armarillo group also went to confront the "Christian leaders" who condoned the killing at Pulse in Orlando and publicly stated they wished more had died?  Isn't this against God's teaching?  Many people (Trump included) criticize Muslims for not doing enough to prevent the terrorist attacks.  But shouldn't these people also criticize "radical" religious leaders for not doing enogh about their fellow Christian leaders violent statements supporting the killing of gays?  The Orlando dead were God's children also.
As a general society I believe changes should be made to accommodate transgender people.  But the fight with this should be with public spaces or larger businesses first, have them use their resources to try and come up with a reasonable solutions that make all people feel included and comfortable(or at least as much as possible).  Because this should be about all people.   Bringing out the pitchforks and attacking a small business because they didn't have a real policy about this, or as some expect have a plan about this 10 years ago, is just wrong.  And yes people are truly attacking this business, reporting their website as malware on Google(hurting their business beyond just comments), calling them bigots, racists, these are true attacks that people do without second thought.  Think about that.
The state does not have the funding to build separate facilities for transgenders, or to fund whatever treatment the person or their doctors decide they need. Neither would it be reasonable to house a biological male with females.  The moral here is not that the state should be responsible for giving every possible permutation of inmate whatever they think they need due to the state having arrested and convicted them; but rather that a person should not do things that will put them in jail, especially if they won't be able to deal with prison conditions or pay for their special needs themselves, if allowable.  This should be thrown out of court immediately. Somehow, I doubt that is what will happen. Instead, a judge will take it upon himself/herself to require funding for this person, a clear violation of their duties since the legislature should decide the issue and fund this, or not. Being in prison is not a right, it's a consequence where rights should be minimal.
How do you know transgendered people are not using public restrooms now? Do you check their junk, when they walk in the door? These "bathroom bills" are a solution in search of a problem.
I do not condone discrimination, none of my posts have. My stance on this, which you have not asked and have been assuming up to this point, has been that although I believe in gay rights, I also believe in the free market and allowing people to make decisions without being forced to anything that they don't properly believe in, which is a fundamental right under the first amendment. How would you like it if I came into your world and made you do things you didn't want to do and said, "it's the law, you have to do it"?
They do what is natural for them.  As they were created by God, who in the womb made them gay.  Choosing sex with a woman is bowing to pressure, not being who they are, which for many has been an extracurricular activity (as if that is better).  This is hardly gay propaganda, although if it is, it is working.  The view that people chose to be gay is sitting on the ash heap of history and those who hold it are dying out.
If peole are born homosexual, it is from God. As for the behavior, its sinfulness or naturalness comes from whether being homosexual is a created state or a chosen one. God works through genetics and through epigenesis. If scripture is your only counter to the wrongness of non-promiscuous homosexual sex (promiscuity is a different thing and saying gays can only be promisucous is bigotry), then you are arguing from auhtority, which is a logical fallacy. If AIDS is your evidence, that goes to promiscuity, not the rightness or wrongness of gay sex. Indeed, AIDS started in Africa amog heterosexuals. If AIDS is your justification, all sex is sinful, which is false,  You miss my point on Dawkins. I am not saying he is an authority on everything, especially God. What I am saying is that when he talks about the sins of the Church that he does so out of love for people and that we should listen to him like any examination of conscience. Always listen to your critics.
Saudi Arabia very progressive democracy having a very good record regarding, gay rights, Christians, Jews and other religions. Respect for women and open to all views.
"Impervious to rational discussion" - interesting for 2 reasons- 1) it is a direct quote of popular regressive, Reza Aslan and 2) dismissing those who disagree with your position as "extremists" ironically inhibits the ability to have rational discussion. Let's discuss the "silent majority" as highlighted by a Gatestone survey in England: 23% of British Muslims said Islamic Sharia law should replace British law in areas with large Muslim populations, 52% of the Muslims surveyed said they believe homosexuality should be illegal, 35% think it is acceptable to have more than one wife, and only 34% would report suspected jihadis to the police. Eye opening.  I am for legal immigration and don't care what one believes/practices in private, provided they assimilate to Canada's cultural norms in the public sphere, and that their private actions do not violate the rights of other individuals as defined in our Charter. Now you know my position - I am fully prepared for a rational discussion.
The worst thing is how many press outlets are buying his deflection and only reporting Spacey's coming out. It reflects poorly on their news judgment and show's they're willing to throw gay people under the bus rather than call out a single famous pedophile.
What do pedophiles have to do with the LGBT community? Pedophiles take advantage of kids that can't give consent. You are suggesting the LGBT are the same.
I was in Amarillo for the first time a couple of years ago.  The day and night I had to spend in that hot, dreary town was the absolute low point of a otherwise great cross-continent drive.  The only redeeming feature I found was a dingy little Mexican restaurant where I had the very best guacamole I've ever eaten.  But, hey, Anchorage isn't such a hot town, either.  But after living here many years (as well as elsewhere in Alaska, including the Bush), I must say I've seen very little evidence of hate, including religiously-inspired hate.  I know quite a few Christian people who firmly believe that being gay is sinful.  But they also know they live in an open society that long ago chose tolerance over conformity.  They don't force their views where they know only conflict can result--in this case, where that was the whole point.  Maybe Amarillo needs not only beautification but instruction in the fundamentals of being American.
"Are homosexual adults in general sexually attracted to children and are preadolescent children at greater risk of molestation from homosexual adults than from heterosexual adults? There is no reason to believe so. The research to date all points to there being no significant relationship between a homosexual lifestyle and child molestation. There appears to be practically no reportage of sexual molestation of girls by lesbian adults, and the adult male who sexually molests young boys is not likely to be homosexual (Groth & Gary, 1982, p. 147). " http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/rainbow/html/facts_molestation.html  Take the time to read the article.  I think it is very helpful in understanding this rather complex issue.  regards, Gary Crum
Many of us would disagree with Ms. Patkotak. There is a problem. The problem is people trying to be political correct. The problem is trying to be "fair" with a small minority at the expense of the majority. Trying to make the transgender issue sound normal just defies common sense and the natural order. Most people have a problem with their children using toilets or showers with opposite sexes. There are many valid legitimate concerns about this. Because someone "identifies" as the opposite sex is not a legitimate, reasonable or valid reason to walk in to the wrong bathroom or shower.  "Identifying" as an opposite sex does not genetically or in reality make it true. It is not a problem that the rest of us should have to resolve at the expense of our privacy and dignity and that of our children. Target store are beginning to realize this after their poor decision letting anyone use which toilet they prefer.
I got a reply notification from another post you made, but it isn't showing up, for some reason.  Maybe this system needs a cache flush periodically for some boards?  Anyway, you wrote (I only got part of it), "They make such a big deal about everything. The gay parades, their being offended by so many things, and their in-your-face attitudes. Y..."  Like I said, without being gay, I can't impose my perception of society on them.  What may seem like nothing to me might actually be a big pain in the tail for them.  Many of us outside of their circles have a relatively easy life (at least I do), and what they ask doesn't step on my toes in any substantial way.  What gets me is when the white heterosexual male gets so bent out of shape by their actions.  Many of these white heterosexual males tout backbone and intestinal fortitude, yet they act worse than those they criticize.  I wish they'd grow a pair.  Curious, are you white and male?
back to it's original weekend   before canada day.  the 1st time it was moved was to accommodate the G-8 or 20 ( can't remember which)...  other times for world pride & to coincide with july 4th for american tourists.  & trust me, no one is more proud to be canadian than the lgbt community.  we 're envied around the world.  by the way, the city doesn't decide when pride happens,,,
Indeed, you reference the "norm" and deviation.  Left-handed individuals deviate from the norm.  Bald-headed women deviate from the norm.  Individuals over seven feet tall deviate from the norm.  Men and women with IQs over 150 deviate from the norm. Individuals who speak more than four different languages deviate from the norm.  Some deviations are "nature"....some are "nurture".....I'm pleased to see by your post "deviant in nature" that we agree homosexuality is not a "choice", but a characteristic from birth.  There is absolutely no support that homosexuals are "out to convert and corrupt" straight individuals.  Could you please make your case (assuming you have one) that homosexuals harm anyone by their sexual preference.  Thanks, Gary Crum
If freedom of religion includes the right to behead apostates and gays, and the right to murder in the name of honour, and the right to conduct FGM on young girls,  I gotta say, Yup, I  disagree.
What has that got to do with condemning homosexuality?
"Wrong and your thoughts on blacks are abhorrent. Blacks should ride on any bus on any seat just like gays should be able to buy any pre made cake, because its right."  Come on, Thor......Peterpi was mimicking an old-school, conservative viewpoint, and you know it.  This was one of your more pathetic deflection attempts....and that's saying something.
Klastri, can you for once stop associating everything with ignorance and bigotry?  The core of the problem is mental health.  Military services have strict mental health qualification standards.  Among the many mental health disqualifiers are stress, anxiety and depression. Transgenders experience higher rates of mental health problems than the general population.  About half of all transgenders experience depression and anxiety compared to 6.7 % and 18% of the general population respectively. Moreover, 41 percent of transgenders are estimated to have attempted suicide.   No, I did not just make it up. The mental health issue is a real concern and no one should be allowed to join if they can’t meet the mental health standards.  There should be no exception for any class of individuals. If a transgender can meet the standards, let them join but without taxpayer funded sex reassignment surgery.
Wow.  We've taken an article about the President signing a bill that harms no one, and was unanimously passed by both chambers of Congress, and made it into a discussion on the national debt, tax equity, and transgender fear.  At least we can say we've outwitted Civil Comments!
A Rasmussen survey taken last month found that just 23 percent of likely voters think the decision to allow openly transgender people to serve is good for the military.  The survey also found that 48 percent of likely voters supported a delay in allowing transgender enlistment, while 32 percent were opposed to a delay.
I was just laughing at the image of liberals gently neighing as they seek to tax hard working Americans in order to pay for the sex change operations of transgender jihadists.
It is my belief that no one should be discriminated against (let alone assaulted) on the basis of a characteristic which is irrelevant to the determination being made. So, for instance, skin color is irrelevant to whether someone is a good tenant, therefore nobody should be discriminated against in the case of housing on the basis of skin colour. The same goes, I would think, for how one dresses or the beliefs one has about the sort of thing one is. That being said, it is also my belief that a trans woman is not a woman (a trans man is not a man). That, so far I understand matters, is neither discriminatory nor hateful. By saying so, have I now opened myself to criminal charges or a human rights complaint under the newly-adopted law? If not, I have no beef with that law; if so, however, such a law illegitimately prescribes or sanctions beliefs and expressions of those beliefs, and I cannot but consider it fundamentally unjust.
Christ, who never uttered a word about homosexuality, did explicitly call divorce and remarriage adultery. Why are there no cries from conservatives about society's prescribing this immoral behavior?
They are the ones who keep bringing up tolerance. They make such a big deal about their sexuality.  It's none of my business.  I don't care!  The gay parades, their being offended by so many things, and their in-your-face attitudes... You don't see straight people doing that. Their strident approach turns off many people who would otherwise not care.
The anti-discrimination protection law talks about male and female.  Please do not take this as the wrong way, but which one would a transgender fall under?  Self identified or by chromosomes?    For one or the other will cover them in the male female legal classification.
Neither God nor Moses wrote Leviticus and assuming it as the source truth is affirming Jewish national identity, not divine teaching. You are defending Catholic group dynamics at the expense of people created as gay by God in the first trimester of gestation and cooperation with that evil leads to both bullying and depression by teens that causes suicide. Get your facts straight and repent for joining this evil.
What will “God” do if religions have to obey the same laws as everyone else by, say, uniting a pair of homosexuals in holy matrimony? Cause more warming of the Planet?  Every single one of God’s alleged “laws” came to us…and come to us now in some of these comments…from the mouths and pens of Humans. It’s all hearsay (along with the rest of it). Nevertheless, seeing as how many Humans are residually superstitious, religion still gets all kinds of grandfathered special treatment from the government, including freedom from paying taxes.  In America, the religious are mostly “just in case” religionists---they suspect it’s probably all bull…and that dead people never actually show up again…but hey, “just in case.” So why would gays want to get married in a Church that doesn’t approve of their marriage? Oh, they’re Catholic…or they believe in some church. In that case go back and read the first paragraph above.
I know many practicing Catholics who attend Mass regularly that reject the Catholic Church’s teachings on birth control and homosexuality…just to name two.  Each individual has the capacity to embrace spiritual beliefs without feeling beholden to what a human contrived Church tells them they should or should not do in their daily lives.  I say good for Jules.  I have never met him but I am impressed with his reported intellectual curiosity and rigor.  I think he is demonstrating the capacity a Mayor needs to be strong in his convictions while being secure enough in his being to nuance the black and white choices a Mayor confronts on a daily basis.
Can transgender or cross dressing males attend this special showing?  How can they tell unless they require all people attending this screening to show their plumbing to the usher before they are let into the theater.
Ms Tesa Ann, so how do you feel about the rash of attacks across the country on Muslim people, gay people, non-white people, female people -- by people who are using Trump's "victory" as an excuse to bring their hate out into the open? I am assuming, of course, that you haven't cloistered yourself and are aware (by accessing non-right wing media) that this is taking place. Do you think that Trump supporters like you are okay with painting swastikas on cars and churches, chanting "build the wall" in a mixed-race middle school cafeteria, yelling at women "we own your pussy now", ripping the hijab off of Muslim womens' heads, screaming at Hispanic people to "get back to your own country" is okay? This is what you have unleashed. Deal with it, honey.
There is a lack of flow in this new format, but there was also a lack of flow when the moderators sat on 20 minutes of comments before posting them.  I think that they should reserve this new format for the stories that they used to routinely pre moderate, e.g. muslim, gay, FN related stories.
The Father of the killer says, just moments ago Ron that his son didn't like seeing gays kiss and had nothing to do w/religion.  l2g
Oh, I don't know, let's hazard a few guesses:   - Because they defend the right of a woman to end the life of her child in the womb until the world is perfected through State action.   - Because they support divorce until such time as relationships between men and cause are perfected by the removal of "patriarchy"."sexism" and "misogyny", overlooking the harm this causes children who survive pregnancy,   - Because they support homosexuality as a valid expression of sexuality and want to promote and enforce this through the State.  - Because they support the ideology of transgenderism and want this validated by the State.  - Because all of the above harms children and the common good.
This is the logical fallacy sometimes called "proving too much." It is refuted by reducing it to absurdity.  If anyone says that homosexuality is innate, he is making an assertion for which there is no evidence. But let us grant that for the moment.  If he then says that the innate trait of homosexuality cannot be a disorder "because God does not make mistakes," he commits the fallacy of "proving too much."  He is logically compelled to agree that if a baby is born without a brain, this is not a disorder "because God does not make mistakes."  Logically, he cannot demand funding for AIDS research, because AIDS cannot be a disorder, "because God does not make mistakes."  He must, logically, concede that the mere existence of ANY so-called "disorder, "disease," "deformity," or "infirmity" is proof that it is totally benign, because "God does not make mistakes."  In other words, "God does not make mistakes" is no proof that homosexuality is benign.
What I accept about family and children is that children need to be safe and warm, have nutritious meals, education, and experiences. Having mom and dad loathing one another or relying on fast food and plopping on the sofa for entertainment, getting evicted again, drugs and alcohol, the constant sreaming fights - but Hey, it's mom and dad! Seriously? How about the single mom who works her butt off to make a home and puts her kids first? Oh - how about if Ricky Nelson had come home and told Ozzie and Harriet that he was gay? Should they shun him? Send him to conversion therapy? Add to his depression until he commits suicide?  CuE, there are many many ways to have a loving, safe, supportive family. Who knows what lies ahead for the children of  boxed-in two parent, white bread families. Some of them are in fact gay. Some of them are in fact trans. They are every spectrum of every human condition and if they have love and a broader world view, they will be better prepared to thrive in it.
We have had too much of that in deference to the bishops.  We need courage, and not the anti-gay kind.  Sex is not about infinite truth, it is about human behavior and happiness.  Indeed, what is most needed is a bigger understanding of Asexuality, which is neither straight or LGBTQ.  Asexuals think that their preferences are God's gift to the rest of us.  Absolutely not true, but until they know and except themselves as a separate sexual orientation, they will continue to blather about chastity for everyone.
???????  Wasn't it your guy Abercrombie and his toadie Oshiro who released that trial balloon of economic gain to support their view?  No...you know and I know that the homosexuals involved just wanted acceptance.  Not tolerance because they already had that codified in law.  No they just wanted acceptance.  THAT is shoving down throats kinda in your face leftism.  Equal?  Can a gay man marry a woman?  Yes.  That sure sounds equal to me.  OOOHHHH!!! I see.  How short sighted of me.  They want SPECIAL rights.  Forgive me for not figuring it out.  So...back to the subject of this article.  What is your plan?  Oh and don't forget my comment about the eco-whatever stuff.
Not just in the RCC, but in other households of Christian faith, gay and lesbian men and women have just walked, finally fatigued to exhaustion by sometimes uncivil and most of the time harsh, uncaring language. No other group of people experiences the animus of church -- and in some instances, common sense seems to be suspended so that pastoral care can be provided. Even in these comments, the focus seems to trend away from direct pastoral care observations to things more academic. Why would any gay or lesbian person desire membership in churches with such attitudes?
Lots of misinformation flying around here.  People in this country, as Pope Francis once remarked, are obsessed  with abortion and homosexuality.  These are not issues to base your choice of president on.  You've made mistakes that impact democracy for one issue.   I recall in the early 90's there were catholics who wanted to be more evangelical, like, well, the evangelicals.  I remember our wonderful pastor then who said, the mark of the christian is what you do for others,not picketing. As far as we know,God did not ask anyone for help;why not choose food access for those in food deserts;improving schools in poor districts;fund universal preK,;fund training for poor parents;get banks to open in poor neighborhoods;republican politicians defunded all these programs;help the poor out of their desperate situation,the rest will take care of itself.End the death penalty;re-open churches in poor neighborhoods,do for others instead of making yourself feel good but not improving any lives.
Camaraderie? Where in the world did you get that? Utterly oblivious to how much damage phrases like that can do to boys, homosexual AND heterosexual.
Rompe, I've long ago learned not to argue with someone who isn't listening. I wouldn't expect you to be swayed by my or by anyone else's arguments. But no expert believes that your extrapolation of the data is correct.  From the highly questionable John Jay report up till today, the 81% is from access to boys and not from homosexual tendencies. The post pubescent remark is heinous. You are excusing sex between an adult and a 13-17 year old as somehow more marginal or acceptable or something.  And you accuse others of having an agenda while you set your own agenda, a nicely Trumpian move. You claim science while discounting those who study the science.  You'll reap what you sow.
What an inadequate way to phrase the question on the survey, as almost of the headline-making "service refusal" stories involve a very specific kind of service.  Most of the businesses in the crosshairs have said they'd be happy to continue to serve gay and lesbian customers in any number of ways, just not in ways that publicly associate their business with a position on the definition of marriage that they're not comfortable promoting.
You know this HOW? I went into a gay bar accidentally and was harassed and not only refused service but jeered out because they said I was obviously not gay and therefore a homophobe....just MY experience, with the oh so tolerant LGBTQI "community". 1% of the population should not be able to violate the rights of the other 99% by claiming "discrimination" because of what-no approval, just tolerance?
Liberals believe  Islamophobia is never be acceptable in Canada.  Therefore throwing gays from buildings, or hanging them 10 at a time in the town square is  Islamic justice we should accept if we Canadians are to be tolerant and non judgemental towards immigrants.   Otherwise we are as bad as Trump who doesn't want the sort of thing in the US .
For dummies like me: 1)  In the eyes of the church (canon law) there are no “married” gays, lesbian, mice, moose or anything else. Canon law states that matrimony occurs between a man and a woman human. Bishop Paprocki’s statement about married lesbians or gays is irrelevant as his only concern is limited to the guidelines of canon law.   2)  The Catechism of the Church, Chapter 4; Other Liturgical Celebrations Article 2 Christian funerals states nothing about the life of the deceased only that being Baptized gives you the right to have a Catholic funeral. Paprocki’s statement is ludicrous on the face of it as we do not deny funerals for murderers, rapists, or any others rightly or wrongly recognized by society as “evil.” In fact, the Church teaches us that all should be recognized as having “repented” if necessary, before they died. How someone as poorly educated in the working of the Church was even ordained a priest let along become ordained a Bishop is beyond comprehension.
What happened in Montana is the same thing that happened country-wide in November.  People are tired of the whining, whining, whining of special interests that dominate the 24-hr news cycle and demand more and more taxpayer dollars to achieve their ever-more-bizarre demands.    Democrats jumped the shark with the trans bathrooms, although the effect of legalization of "marriage" for people with same-sex-attraction by the SCOTUS is highly underestimated.
So I mentioned the Premiers sexual orientation and wondered aloud (politely) if there may be bias. There was absolutely no hate or bigotry insinuated. I am the brother of a gay sister  who I love very much.   I was censored.   So even if someone is openly gay we are not allowed to acknowledged the role that might play in their decisions ?  How is someone truly 'out' in our society when we condescendingly  and needlessly defend them from the normal discussions that a heterosexual person would have ?
basically, if you disagree with same sex marriage because of sincere religious beliefs, you're wrong and are a hate-filled bigot. religious freedom doesn't apply to an institution that's always been between a man and woman.
People like Prevo never let the truth get in the way. His use of the Leviticus "clobber verses" to condemn homosexuality are twisted from the original meaning and practices of that day. He and other "Christians" like him conveniently forget the other abominations outlined in that same passage. Things like wearing mixed fibers, menstruating women sleeping indoors, eating shellfish, disobeying parents etc.  Prevo should be way more concerned with his own end-time conversation with his God.
It makes me glad that I am gay.  No longer have to put up with the  female BS of I am pretty, so you just do what I say so you might get a little nooky, but more likely than not you won't.
Does he realize Mateen was a us born citizen?  and it was a hate crime against LGBT people? Using an assault weapon to boot.
I thought that only trans genders shop at Target ?
No, I am perfectly correct. Paprocki's statement shows fear and loathing of gays. Pandora supports Paprocki's statement. Pandora ALWAYS supports conservative bishops when they are criticized -- always.   Once again, I speak the facts that Pandora would like to brush off.
The issue before the court is whether the counties have the authority to regulate these scientifically accepted, agency-vetted for safe use and efficacy, legal farming practices----therefore arguments concerning safety and value are irrelevant to the case. In fact, the court does not want to hear those arguments.  And "leverage our constitution"? Isn't that what gays have done to be allowed the right to marry? And women, to be allowed to vote?
This type of response is common whether we are talking about child sexual abuse, rape of an adult or any type of sex crime.  Sex offenses are so violating to the soul and the sense of integrity, that many people go into a state of denial just thinking about it.  The responses: "this was a post-pubertal teenager, not a child, this is a gay issue, not an abuse issue," "She was probably 17 and he thought she was 18 because she seemed mature," "She was asking for it by getting drunk and wearing a mini-skirt," and on and on and on.  The ideas all come down to an inability to internalize the gross horror of these crimes for the victims.  I've worked with victims of child sexual abuse and adult sexual violence and I know that empathy ends up feeling horrible: sleepless nights, nausea, spiritual doubts, gnawing anger.  But the human thing to do is imagine, really internalize, how awful it must be for the victims, instead of psychologically protecting oneself through these denial mechanisms.
For many reasons this is a big, disappointing deal to me. It's difficult to even know where to begin my response. Call me crazy, but this is such a sad attempt, yet again, to blame the sex abuse crisis on homosexuality. Would that it were true!!! Then the solution would be easy. I look at the catholic clergy sex abuse crisis in this way now: It is more like the way some men act out sexually in prison. It's not about love, it's not about homosexual assault... It's about sexual release and, probably, domination. These convict-on-convict sexual couplings are mainly happening between straight men. Stop marginalizing homosexuals, please. It hurts very deeply
Let's use words the way they are meant to be used, the way they are defined in the dictionary. From the dictionary:  irrational fear of, aversion to homosexuality or homosexuals ho·mo·pho·bic play \-ˈfō-bik\ adjective  Have you interviewed pastor Rick or do you know him? Then please do not speak for him or for me.
Depends on what you mean by "following," as in stalking or as in walking into the bathroom like normal human beings. If the latter and a trans woman, it's normal behavior. If it's a straight 45 year-old man and there is a men's room available, I'd have questions.  Here's a thought: Educate yourself on what being transgender means. And get your mind out of the gutter.
Nothing uncivil here.  Not so.   Older males and females are still essentially configured for life. One of them tends to be "accidentally" infertile. Males are fertile much much longer.   Those couples are quite configured though there may be natural or accidental limits.  Homosexual couplings are not configured for new life.
There's a cynical part of me that might get a rush out of the Church finally acting in concert with their own sexual teachings.  Unfortunately, the only gays that get a pass are the one's who are ordained, and that's really BS.  I know more than one lay GLBT theologian who would have had a much easier time of things if they were priests or Consecrated religious.  I also know more than one gay priest who was protected beyond belief because he was ordained.  This is a major major issue and it's time the clerical closet door was blown off it's hinges.  I hardly expect the Paprocki's and Burke's of the clerical world will be impacted for various reasons.
Although this move smacks of "social engineering" at it's finest, the woman does appear to have credentials for the job. I don't envy her in the least given that she has all of four months to pull this all together along with dealing with the aftermath of BLM-TO's behaviour in the parade last year and the loss of trust of a significant proportion of the gay community. This could well end up with the loss of the parade for at least this year as the security arrangements have yet to be made and without them there is is no insurance and no permit.  Perhaps I missed it, but there seemed to be no references to either her sexuality or what experience, if any, she has in the gay community. Like I said, perhaps I missed it, but I'm wondering.
Until the cultural ideology that "same-sex inclinations" are "objectively disordered", and that gay love-relationships are "intrinsically evil" is dealt with, there will be no hope of inclusion of LGBT Catholics as equals at the banquet table. These categories are cultural constructs, and need to go where the injunction for slaves to obey their masters went.
"Therefore, I support gay marriage as a legal right but not as a personal freedom for believers (just as I don’t support believers who engage in sexual immorality, greed, racism, pride, etc…)"  Your homophobic words are above.  And your prose smacks of seminary school- so I don't believe you don't care about the subject.   "I believe a biblical stance on LBGT would have a similar impact to society."  Wrong.  Since people are born gay or straight, being prejudiced against them is no better than the Book of Mormon denying the priesthood to non-whites.  Why do you equate beer and sexual orientation? Was Matthew Shepard killed for drinking a Black Butte Porter?
ISIS and their followers like this terrorist all believe in giving the death penalty to all members of the LGBT community.   This is hardly the belief of a single man.   Their extremist Wahhabi Sunni version of Islam teaches such intolerance and hatred.   And there are many millions of Wahhabi followers in the world.   Did you miss all of the gay men that ISIS executed 6 months ago for sodomy?   They punished them by throwing them off the rooftop of a tall building:  http://www.news.com.au/world/islamic-state-group-targets-gays-with-brutal-public-killings/news-story/3b55d4e061e005aa8418ca2debc90e92
I'm still wondering why all who cheer Francis' "revolutionary" pontificate, as Fr. Reese calls it, just don't become Episcopalians. Then you can have all you want, to use Reese's categories, "birth control, [no] celibacy, women priests and gay marriage." Why can't you leave the rest of us to our traditions, our dogmas and our Latin Mass?
You don't understand what transgender means, do you? And you definitely have never spoken to one.
Claiming the Palestinian constitution isn't based on Sharia when it flat out says that it is right in the Constitution is just funny.  Then you begin backtracking and admit that while it is based on Sharia, not all Sharia is the same.  So Hamas practices the nice kind of Sharia?  Is that what you're saying?  They don't discriminate against Women, Jews, and Homosexuals?  Your too funny Richard, have a good one.
Yes.   Unlike women, gays, lesbians, transgenders, bi-sexuals, blacks, Hispanics, Jews, and Muslims, Non-Students are not "a protected class".  The Oregon Legislature is in session.    Maybe you can get them to add "non-students" to the category?
Do you support affirmative action, which is a racist program?   Do you support shutting down businesses that refuse to cater to same-sex marriages?  Your use of the term homophobia leads me to believe that you do.   Do you support Obama's demand that ALL forms of birth control be provided in health plans?   These are items where the left is supporting religious bigotry.
You didn't deal with anything I said. You are misrepresenting me by responding to arguments I did not make.   I feel for your cousin's plight but his or her physical deformities are irrelevant to the topic and do not change the fact that sex is a binary physical reproductive role which has nothing to do with "gender identity", opinion, preference, or lifestyle.  Your comment about "trans people" being "more likely to be the victim of violence, not the ones causing it" is a straw man - I never even insinuated that "trans people" are dangerous or violent.  I never said or implied that "trans people" are "are coming for your daughters and wives".  That's a false accusation which you then build on to further falsely imply a parallel between my arguments and irrational racism.   Your comment about my Bible belief is a red herring.  It is completely irrelevant to anything I said.  Nevertheless, it belies your misunderstanding of how Christian morality works.
It's seems to me like the author is not paying attention to what the 45 president has said. The real reason Obama cannot get out of politics is because the current president keeps bribing his name up.  Trump has had and continues to have an obsession with Obama.  When Obama left office he promised the American people he would speak up when something was not right. You have a problem with something he promised the American people he would do.  If President Trump focused on the problems facing America instead of the media coverage, twitter, and trying to prove himself maybe he would get somewhere.  I would just like to finish off with a few great things Obama did during his presidency. Save the American auto industry, get the economy back on track, reestablish relations with Cuba, Paris climate accord, Trans pacific, LGBT, Wall Street reform, improved americas image globally and healthcare reform. It was not perfect but it was a basis that so many presidents had attempted and failed.
Because its part of treatment they receive for PTSD after combat. Many soldiers male and female who suffer from PTSD lose the ability to have sex. The military is simply attempting to help replace an ability that they were partially responsible for taking away due to sending soldiers into combat. Its not about just getting a woody. Its about mental health. Trans go into the military already with a mental health condition which is really not something that a non trans person is allowed to do.Additionally, in the Military Times report, they explicitly mention that out of the 1.18 million prescriptions for ED, less than 10% were for active duty troops. This was never mentioned in the Post’s analysis, but would seem quite relevant to the case. In fact, the report mentions that just $7.67 million was spent on ED for 102,885 active duty prescriptions. The larger number was due to retirees, dependents, National Guard, and civilian employees. Its apples to bananas,
You clearly never read the Bible nor understood any part of it. Abraham was NOT part of the Sodom/Gomorrah lesson, which WAS about immorality and sin, primarily in sexual matters, especially homosexuality. That was the demand of the abusers, to have homosexual relations with the "strangers" who were emmissaries(angels) of Jehovah
Most of the groups that "signed on" with the sentiments of this "letter" are in open defiance of Church teaching on other topics.  I guess groups like these support the defiance of other groups.  How interesting that they not admit several of these groups have been condemned by the Vatican, giving a rather false impression that they are all in good standing.  How lovely of this group not to encourage catechesis, dialogue, understanding, discussion in an open forum with Bp. Paprocki - but rebellion and encouragement to "consult widely with one another" - but not with the Church; to "create (their) own pastoral practices" outside Church teaching; to continue to reinforce the misunderstanding that gay people are not welcome in the Church; how disingenuous of these groups to infer ssm & homosexual activity is approved by "Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists."  Okay.  Waiting for the laughing faces and comments.
The trouble is, liberals would shove tea party whackos into the "other", conservatives would push the "liberalism is a mental disease" liberals into the "other", fundamentalists would push gays and lesbians, bis and trans (and maybe questioning) people into the "other", racists would want black folks in there, and maybe some jews would also be turned away and forced to use the "other", and while we are at it we'd put the homeless, the fatties, vegans, Tesla-drivers, man-bun wearers, and chicken BBQ pizza eaters.  In short, the "other" would end up pretty crowded.
Why is the G&M so fascinated about anything gay?
Jumping on the homophobic bandwagon isn't very helpful. There are two deceased young men with families to think of.
Nice to know you're okay with discrimination against lesbians. The company offers health insurance coverage to the spouses of married employees.
People of Canada and the world need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne in our fight against fascism, Islamophobia, homophobia, anti-semitism and discrimination against Transgenders!  Russian under Putin is homophobic and he's against Transgenders!
I really don't understand why they are only asking  police to fight islamophobia.  Shouldn't the goal be to fight at kinds of hate.. ....against blacks, jews, LGBTQ2, etc.
You do realize, AICummings, that Donald Trump was the first president in the history of the United States that supported gay marriage BEFORE he ever ran for office?  That a long-time, succussful, public resident of New York City is in any way not supportive go gay rights is, frankly, laughable.  “Do you think New York state should recognize gay marriage?” MSNBC’s Chris Matthews asked her during a town hall interview in Albany, N.Y. in November, 2002. “No,” Hillary Clinton said without hesitation, a response which elicited boos from the audience.  "I believe the federal government should not be involved in overturning Massachusetts or any other state because I think the whole issue of marriage is a state issue,” Sanders said in the 2006 debate.  Trump was a vocal supporter of gay rights and gay marriage long before either Hillary or Bernie.  The far-left of the Democratic Party is increasingly anti-Semitic; that doesn't mean that Democratic leaders are.  Ditto for Trump & gay rights.
Canada has failed Omar Khadr  Canada has failed natives Canada has failed women Canada has failed transexuals Canada has failed LGBTQWERT Canada has failed immigrants Canada has failed refugees Canada has failed Muslims Canada has failed Quebec Canada has failed the poor Canada has failed left handed people  Why bother?  Clearly the world would be better off without Canda since we are so lousy in all things to all people.
"If they identify as Democratic voters, the chances are only about one in four, or 25 percent, that they have a gun in their home. But the chances are more than twice that, almost 60 percent, if they are Republicans.    Whether someone owns a gun is a more powerful predictor of a person’s political party than her gender, whether she identifies as gay or lesbian, whether she is Hispanic, whether she lives in the South or a number of other demographic characteristics."  In 1973, about 55 percent of Republicans reported having a gun in their household against 45 percent of Democrats."     "despite President Obama’s comments in 2008 about voters who “cling to guns and religion,” the two qualities are not strongly correlated."  300 million guns in the US,  75% of the owners are Republicans or Independents.  One for every man woman or child in the US.   Molon labe!  http://fivethirtyeight.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/18/in-gun-ownership-statistics-partisan-divide-is-sharp/?_r=0
Ah, so heterosexual couples who cannot conceive "take a sort of pleasure in a mimicking sort of way".  You have bought into the idea taught by the stoics that sex must be "justified" by saying it must be for procreation. You then give us some speculation about "essentially fertile" that some theologians who push the idea about justifying sex through procreation. You accept this speculation. Others do not. Sex can be good for its own sake. It is unifying, for both gay and straight couples who love each other.
You are correct. Being homosexual is NOT a sin. Engaging in sinful acts is a sin. All sexual immorality is a sin.  Being homosexual is not a natural variation, just the opposite. It is not ordered toward the procreation of the species.
" ... The inquiry will provide different options as it goes about collecting information, Vella said, and will include lesbian, two-spirit and transgender people in the process. ... the commissioners will only go into communities where they are invited, noting they will adhere to proper protocols depending on the indigenous territory..... If the community is too traumatized and cannot handle the show of a public inquiry coming in, then we will respect that.”  Well - that alone will break legal ground    .-) ! Select what you would like the answer to be ... officially ....  Is nobody in the FN Industry even ever so slightly embarrassed !? Don't answer that ....
Vatican II was properly understood: it is heretical from beginning to end. It is the worst thing that has ever happened to the catholic church. There was nothing wrong with the church when John XXIII convened the council, in fact there was confusion about why it was convened. Since V2 the pews have emptied, vocations have decreased, confusion among the laity has prevailed, homosexuality in the clergy has become the norm, and the catholic church has been reduced in its power and majesty. It's time to repudiate V2 in toto and put an end to the terrible division in our church.
Yes, because straight men do not wish to work in an relationship of total obedience to gay men who have authority over them.  The huge percentage of gay men in the priesthood is a large factor in why young men opt out of holy orders.      The rainbow progressive Catholics never mention this.   But I suspect what their real agenda is.  And it has little to do with protecting children from gay men in collars.
Please share. How is anyone better off because the State of Oregon has given their stamp of approval to their union, gay, straight, whatever? You avoided giving us a real answer. The "advantages" to marriage are what? Hospital visitation rights?  Be with whoever you want to be with. Live life. But for gosh sakes, who gives a flip if the state says it's kosher? Do the research. Marriage only became something the government got involved in fairly recently in history. And it was a coupe extremely conservative guys who have churches named after them now who pushed for the change! That's why the current state of affairs is so ironic.
So tell me Richard, exactly how do "tell" gays and lesbians apart from heterosexual women and men?
Come on Tridentinus.  He strikes me as a bit young perhaps, and perhaps brash. But his original comment in this chain was well within the bounds of chatter here. You challenged him to produce evidence, and your language was needlessly aggressive. We know how to challenge for evidence in a not aggressive manner, and you choose not to.  Many would have ignored your request because of its needless aggression. GayFordhamPrep provided links to back up the "gist" of his remark,  and only at the end did he reply in kind to your aggressive demand for evidence by lamented the lack of a blocking feature.   And now you chide me for commenting that I found his links enjoyable, and complementing him for accepting your challenge? And you invite me to share you judgement that his is a "oaf".   Sorry, man, you are off side here, not Gay.  Seriously, why can't people ignore insults and reply with honey? It only requires "pausing" to bite one's tongue, and then "going high."
"I found myself torn between living as faithful Christian and serving as a political leader."  That is an odd way to put it. What about all the "faithful Christians" who do not think like he does, who don't think homosexual acts are sinful? It would make more political sense if Tim Farron simply said "as a faithful evangelical protestant." Or as a faithful member of such and such a parish or church community with which he is identified. But he didn't. Instead, he made his particular corner of Christianity appear more real and universal than the broad sweep of Christianity everywhere -- like the guy who thinks his particular Google map is more real than the soil all over Europe. Talk about insularity carried to the bitter end!!!
Why did you pick up on my 'in your face' phrase? I used it to describe a specific event where at work during breaks, one fellow would describe in lurid detail what he had been up to the night before to the embarrassment of all present. That is what I meant by it and would have been just as disapproving of a heterosexual doing the same. I believe what the Church and the Bible teaches about homosexual activity. I believe that only a husband can have a wife and only a wife can have a husband and no matter what polls show or society accepts, I will not change my mind, even if one of my children had turned out to be that way inclined. I would not go around advertising my sins and shortcomings to all and sundry because I am ashamed of them. This is not an 'issue' for me no more than the breaking of any of God's commandments is. You asked the question. How would you feel if someone of your family or acquaintance was quite blasé about being a serial thief?
If Justine ruled a country of Social Justice Warriors who were all transgender or alternatives and refugees he'd be just fine.  Sadly his policies will make all Canadians quality of life suffer while selling out the country's sovereignty by piling on massive amount of debt.  He's literally selling out Canada to foreign creditors and once they foreclose, even his beloved natives and militant trans lobbyists will be swept up and face harsh treatment, look at Greece, it's effectively run by other countries, you know the ones that hold it's massive debts.  Ontario's debt is implicitly guaranteed by the federal government so add $330,000,000,000 and climbing to the federal debt, Great work Kathleen Wynne and Justine, why not change the Maple Leaf to a big IOU, as that's what they have done.
There is the question of the why of morality that is important because it takes you to the what.  If God has an agenda in sexual ethics for some kind of divine holiness, then what the Church says about homosexuals is true.  However, if his agenda is happiness for his creatures - if his yoke is easy and his burden is light - then we need to rethink some things - from gay sex to whether assisted suicide might sometimes be more compassionate.
In other In breaking news I was unanimously selected as the favored candidate for Governor at the Hi-Dive on Broadway after buying a round of shots. A poll which was slightly more meaningful than Brauchler being picked by 38% of closeted gay Republicans before they headed for Charlies.
If not piety than group dyanmics and brand loyalty (the reason behind the abominations of Leviticus). No break for you. Give gays a break. The Resurrection distinguishes the Church, not homophobia.
Correct.  "If we let gay people adopt. . . "  It's been 30-plus years and no harmful effects have been noted.  "If we let gay people marry. . ."  It's been 11 years since Massachusetts legalized it, and no harmful effects have been noted.  "If we let gays serve in the military. . . "  It's been almost-3 years, and no harmful effects have been noted.  Today, gays do all of these things, just like heterosexual Americans, and the country is nothing-but-better off because we have been allowed full participation and access to American liberties and rights.  I would like to think that this is exactly what the liberal, rabble-rousing Founders would have wanted.
Actually Mary it is you guys making the hostility by somehow demanding that your father can change cloths in my daughters locker room at the public pool. If you guys would just face the reality of what you are doing you would see the insanity.  If you mental state is one that does not accurately identify you gender, you have an issue. Not the rest of us! I don't have anything at against transgender people. This is America, you are free to be want ever you can make of yourself. Why isn't that enough? Why do you need laws that say everyone has to like it too?
Obscure, historical irony trumps modern day civil rights for gay families and their children, according to Jen W.    For those of us in the fact-based world, state sanctioned civil marriage rights effect insurance, accumulation of wealth, who you name for death benefits,  who can adopt and other things that are important in the real, fact-based world.  Jen W wants Leo and his husband to have a hard time with their household affairs because they are same sex.  They want Leo and his husband to be treated differently by the tax code than my friends Susan and Steven, also married around 19 years.
No one is forcing him to do anyithing. Where did you get that idea?  If he does not want to make cakes for gay weddings, then he can stop making cakes for all weddings. All the government is saying is treat people equally. Easy solution, but he will not abide.  Why are you against treating people equally? Do gays not deserve to be treated equally?  Unless I am missing something from the Constitution: He does not have the right to not be offended.  He does not have the right to discriminate based on his religion.
Geez. That's like saying, "I can choose to speak in racist, or sexist terms. I can do whatever I want. I don't want to participate in your ideology."   It isn't tough to be respectful of others. One might argue it is the minimum expected of decent citizens. It takes little or no effort and it is pretty far from being an active participant in their lives.   Rather, if you are going to be deliberate about non-compliance, than the message you send is that you are "actively participating" in a discriminatory action.   In any event, I get the dog whistle here. You don't agree, and want to show those with gender dysphoria who is boss. You're not going to agree with or support their lifestyle or "choices." I don't see how anyone can stop you from flinging a proverbial "F... You" to transgendered persons, at least in casual interactions. If you're cool with that, I guess there's not much to say, is there?
"But if you have Christian, conservative values, you are considered a bigot."  No, you're a bigot if you treat those who are homosexual differently than someone who's been divorced, or eats shellfish, or wears mixed fiber clothing. You're an annoying Christian elitist, ignoring Constitutionality if you believe your religion should enable you to trample others' rights because "majority rule."  I know white Christians who are not bigots. Try to be more like that.
As you may be aware, Joe Dick, candidates can say any number of things especially on the campaign trail, when they want to be elected.  As a member of the Status of Women committee for 2 years and as an MP, Harder has a record of anti-trans and anti abortion actions, including co sponsoring a private members bill, Molly's Law.  As prospective Chair, the other members of the committee did not want Harder setting the agenda for the same committee.  Justin Trudeau is neither on the committee nor chair and there is no evidence he has ever tried to serve an anti-abortion agenda.  In fact, there is no need to bring him up except that Scheer jumped to claim the PM had told the Liberals to walk out when in fact MPs can take this action without direction.  Liberal, NDP and Green MPs, likely never Con MPs.  Enjoy those birthed once kernels of popcorn.
Not sure why my comment was censored unless the truth is not allowed on this site. After reading some of the comments that still stand I am quite amazed.  I'll try one more time   Your claim is incorrect. We are not talking about priests that were cloistered away with no access to female victims. Pederasty involves victims that offenders are sexually attracted to, which in this case were post pubescent males. That would suggest the vast majority of offending priests were homosexual in nature.
To begin with, racism is not as rampant as it is being portrayed.  For example, I work with a man who is married to a woman of a different race and my best friend was also in a mixed race marriage.  I also work with a gay couple and as an Assemblies of God minister, I know for certainty denomination accepts biracial marriages.  I hate to tell the letter writer, but the future arrived  a long time ago.
Please tell us why same-sex married students are more likely to have an STD from marital sex than heterosexual married students.
So the new CPC tactic is to win back favour by calling Trudeau "gay".  Yeah... that'll work.
Very interesting column.   Speaking of "Pastor" Mansbridge my choice for news anchor is Luba Goy.    Luba may be a Goy, but she can pass for Jewish.         And that's what this country needs - some of that ol' time Judaeo-Christian ethics - the Jewish humour ethic and the Christian love-your-neighbour ethic.    With Luba Goy telling Canadians like it is, I would watch the National religiously.      I know the gay folks in this august forum would disagree (I would settle for Rick Mercer), but, hey, they are only 95% of posters here. Give the other 5% a break.
Justine heard that Petronas was getting out of BC as he was dancing in the Halifax Gay Parade
Part 9  Since the same medieval lack of recognition of our sexual instinct as two-headed, dominated human reflection on sexual activity well back into the OT era, it is not surprising that homosexuality is without second thought evaluated negatively in our scriptures. More generally, our ancestors’ misunderstanding of the data of nature led our inspired authors of scripture to write many erroneous statements. For example, our scriptures are laced with false statements predicated upon an earth-centred views of the cosmos, and false statements predicated upon an non-evolving view of our plant.   Just as such verses were once assembled to refute heliocentrism and to refute the evolution of species, so now such verses are still assembled to refute equally certain facts about the duality of our sexual nature. Once we let her in, the Holy Spirit will heal this mistaken interpretation of scripture as well.
How is heavens name does homosexuals doing what for them is perfectly natural "show the failure to love God?"
That is cute. State law says that if you offer a service to the public, you cannot deny it to members of a protected class.  If you make a cake for a gay wedding does anyone think that means you condone gay weddings or homosexuals? Nope, ask Jesus.
No one is born sexual, it develops.  Gays are set out on their path before birth when epigenesis occurs in the first trimester of pregnancy.  There is little choice, unless one is born bisexual.
Can we please stop with our opinions about this?  They don't matter.  The only one that matters will come in September, and we have nothing to say about it, nor does anyone care what we think.  Homophobes will defend this man to the ends of the earth. We get it already.  And the Post can do its part by not publishing any-more letters like this.
Can you imagine a minister in any European nation (or many of the nations in Australasia) committing such an act and still being in his job by this time on Tuesday? Had they been witnessed doing that, they would either have resigned by themselves by this point, or been pushed into doing so by their boss?  On the other hand, what's the bet this thug gets a slap on the wrist, or maybe just a verbal admonishment from his party, and then continues with business as usual.  Also, calling someone 'gay' is now considered 'extreme provocation' that results in physical assault? Really?  I played sport for many years where I faced that exact 'extreme provocation' every single week, and it never resulted in anything more than a response of 'you would know, wouldn't you?'....
Richard, have you ever questioned things about yourself that seem inherent? Who you are attracted to, if you are attracted to men or women, whether you see yourself as male or female? I've never asked myself if I was attracted to women. I just am. I've always looked in the mirror and seen a male. Now, imagine, for a moment, if you looked in the mirror and what you saw didn't jibe with the image of your gender that seems inherent? Or you were attracted to members of the same sex. Can you control that? The argument made by those opposed brings up the idea that a transgender person is going to flip back and forth between gender identities to gain some advantage or something. Do you, Richard, ever change your gender identity to benefit yourself? No. Transgenders are not people who are confused or trying to take advantage, either. They are people who are trying to live a life that fits with who they inherently identify themselves as, just as a straight, non-transgendered person does.
Stop trying to equate transgender member of our society with criminals and sex offenders. You're comparing apples and oranges.
That's nonsense. She does say she is bisexual. But a heterosexual person is not unable to be faithful to a spouse because they desire the opposite sex. Why would being bisexual "strongly imply" she must be unfaithful? As I suspected, you just made an assumption, then used this flimsy assumption to draw a conclusion. In fact, every part of your argument is just terrible! Let's see: 1) You assume a bisexual person can't be faithful in a marriage. This is false. 2) You assume that a person unfaithful in marriage can't be "faithful" with political agreements. Also false.  Really, I am baffled you could put those words to screen.
Gays are not evil or even disordered. Gay monogamy should be celebrated. That is the law of God, especially if you are using reason and not dicta. All of this has nothing to do with how much customization a baker has to provide before saying no. The case is not about the sexuality of the customer but the right of the baker to decline a contract that goes beyond his usual services. If the question in this case is gay rights, the baker loses because Kennedy will side with the couple. If it is about free expression, the baker has a chance.
Yes--much the same as it is a homosexual's choice to be homosexual.  The difference is that acting out heterosexually within the context of a male/female relationship is the natural course for the human species.  Sexuality exists because that is how new life is created and our species is propagated.  Therefore heterosexual behavior is in accord with right reason.
Military services are responsible for establishing age, physical, mental, height/weight, education, drug history and citizenship qualifications for enlistment and commissioning and for continuing on active duty or in the reserves.  The standards are high and strict and would never apply to civilian employment except perhaps for law enforcement.   However, courts have held that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which ensures all individuals are treated equally before the law with respect to civilian employment, does not apply to the military profession.   Thus, this is not a matter of anyone wanting to join or remain having a right to do so.  Everyone wanting to join must meet all standards or receive a waiver for a disqualifier, of which there are many.  Transgenders should be allowed to join the military if they meet all qualifications, serve in positions and wear uniforms consistent with their biological sex, and do not receive sex reassignment surgery while on active duty.
Resisting vigorously and constantly against the evil Trumpet regime is the most effective method to reclaim the governance of our great country. To do less would be unpatriotic and submission to a tyrant. The T party was effective in their social-religious activities (gay bashing, refugee demonizing, etc.), and we have learned from their ill-gotten success.
Brett, I was wondering how you know Ms. K's bride's was a "transsexual," because I hadn't seen that anywhere in any coverage.    (and is "transsexual" the same  as  "transgender?")
This case is a GIANT slippery slope.  If the Supreme Court sides with the bakery, they are opening the door for any business to refuse to serve any person, and cite "religious reasons".  I mean, if you can refuse to make a cake for a gay couple, then whats to stop a Muslim florist from refusing to sell flowers to a Jewish couple?  Or an Athiest from refusing to sell to.....anyone?  And to be clear, this isnt a "Well you would never ask a Kosher Deli to sell bacon would you?" situation.  This guy makes (or made) cakes, and specifically wedding cakes for a living.  There is literally 0 difference between a "straight" wedding cake and a "gay" wedding cake.  They are both cakes.   This guy wants to be able to refuse service to a PERSON who he does not agree with.  This has nothing to do with art and what rights artists have regarding their work.  Unless this guy signs his name on each of his cakes, or any person could ID his cakes by design alone, he has no right to refuse service.
No, we do not check our brains at the door in natural law matters when the purpose of the Church is less to discover or explain morality as to preserve the consistency of its positions. That is politics, not philosphy or religion. Tax exemption is not even an issue.  If the logic escapes you that CDF had to call being gay unnatural to keep calling gay sex unnatural then you have not been paying attention. If gayness is from God so is gay sex.  Dawkins sees miracle stories as self-serving, but we don't have to save-his sould, only to heed what he says when he points out flaws in our Church. Not heeding either external or self criticism is our besetting evil. It is what the world does. The Catholic Church departed from the true washing of the feet long enough ago to make the Holy Thursday ritual a sick joke. Our Pope gets it, but the bishops and cardinals do love their purple and red finery and their titles of Excellency, Grace and Eminence, which are of human origin and usage.
Also, if they're pitching the economics regarding the EO, then has anyone checked the increase in the state coffers that the leftists said would be there when we legalized homosexual marriage?  Or the guys that predicted the increase in tax "revenue" (I thought revenue meant you had to earn it to get it, not just take it) if we built solar, and windmills, and eco-whatever?  Sounds like a good story to rundown for the interns w/ their new sheepskin.
I read somewhere that getting upset about another person's gender/sexuality is like getting upset about what someone else orders at a restaurant. It doesn't affect you so why worry about it?  It is certainly interesting, however, that a movement that seeks to end the binary notion of gender has adopted a very binary view of how to support it.  Unless I am mistaken, you are either actively pro-transgender et al or you are transphobic - full stop.  Is this because there really is a vast plurality that is actively transphobic and needs to be fought tooth-and-nail or is this just the new way forward for all social causes?  I can't decide which is worse.
Commenting from Ireland; a somewhat similar issue from the city of Belfast, in Northern Ireland; where a bakery lost it's appeal  to a higher court for refusing to make a cake for a gay-rights group. The "Irish Times" reported, in their issue dated the 26th October 2016; under the banner "Ashers bakery (Born-again Christian bakers, Belfast) loses Bert & Ernie's  Gay Cake Appeal". The three appeal judges found; ..  that a supplier may provide "a particular service to all or to none, but not to a selection of customers based on prohibited grounds".  Equally important; in an "Irish Times" report, dated the 24th July 2017; where a man placed an order for a cake with a Dublin bakery "to test and balance-out the Asher's case. He requested a message that included the words  "Gay marriage is a perversion of equality". The Workplace (equality) Relations Commission ruled that "a bakery was not discriminating on religious grounds when it refused to bake a cake with an anti-gay marriage message"
They are talking points. She named no facts. Can you? Just one, please try. Referencing someone's letter is not a fact. Referencing "his record" on civil rights is not a fact. The appropriate thing to reference is his record on following the law as written. Just 4 years ago Clinton, Obama, Biden, et al opposed gay marriage. That's a fact jack.
I would agree with you if the couple was merely asking to buy a cake.  They were not in fact doing so.  They wanted the baker to decorate a cake in a manner that specifically celebrated their gay wedding, something he can’t, in (his) good conscience, do, and which would definitely be an indication of tacit approval.  That tacit approval is specifically why the baker can’t in good conscience make wedding cakes for gay weddings.  You don’t get to determine whether or not such approval exists; that is entirely up to the baker to decide.  And the baker did not say he wouldn’t bake cakes for gays, he said: “Sorry guys, I don’t make cakes for same-sex weddings.”  The distinction is very important, and I suspect will eventually be the determining factor in the case. What if we add an opposite law?  Can /should the government require the gay community to purchase cakes from that baker despite their own consciences?
"life requires reproduction"  This is certainly true.  But your comment was about the reproductive act itself.  If we can say that the reproductive act is obviously human, we can also say that the reproductive act is "obviously baboon".  How does an act that is as much "baboon" as it is "human"  become a  theological basis for discriminating against homosexuals, who are such a small proportion of the human population that they do not in any way threaten perpetuation of the species.
My point flew over your head . What I'm saying is most people don't like people who call other's names and that name calling often backfires . Many called Young and Sullivan names , which caused many to vote for them for that reason. Of course it wasn't the only reason. Look at the gay rights vote a few years back . All the polling said it was going to pass .Then hard liners started calling everyone who disagreed with the issue names , and they then lost the election.  Young always wins because democrats always send losers to run against him . Sullivan won because Begich was Obama's right hand man. In both cases the losers supporters name calling was a factor in the outcome. Not the deciding factor but a factor just the same.The only time name calling has worked was with Trump.He won despite the name calling because voters were fed up with traditional politicians AND Hillary Clinton was considered by many American's to be untrustworthy , dishonest , and someone who should be locked up.
I don't see how this policy could possibly violate any law about gender identity discrimination. The spa didn't say "only women", they said "no male genitalia". If we are to believe transgender activists, your genitalia has nothing to do with your gender identity.  So no law would be violated.
I'm not much of a christian.  I'm one of those who gave up on organized religion a long time ago.  But when I do talk to christians who I respect, they express outrage that christianity has been hijacked by charlatans who focus on issues like homosexuality.  As usual, the most vocal 'so-called' christians get all the media attention.  The ones who silently follow their beliefs get little or no attention.
I am not talking about firing gay employees.  My attitude is that as long as the gay employee does not make their relationship an issue, then it should not be an issue. If they can keep that out of the institution and simply do their job, fine.    In other words--if a gay science teacher in a Catholic school is content to teach science, fine.  If, however, they are criticizing church teaching, undermining or undermining it in the classroom, that is different.  Then it becomes an issue.    While we should focus on the poor, the problem is that abortion is not just one issue among others.  The bishops would not have to harp on it----if it wasn't so much an issue in secular society.  The bishops continue to harp on abortion because there are "Catholics" who think support of abortion is compatible with the Catholic Faith.    I know of no Catholic who thinks ignoring the poor is compatible with the Catholic Faith, or at least I know of no Catholic claiming that.
Canadians are about to lose their Right to Free Speech as parliament gets set to vote for,  Liberal MP Iqra Khalid’s M-103 bill!  This bill will criminalize all criticism of islam and sharia law and force Canadians to accept sharia law limits on everything!  Criticize islam for killing homosexuals?                  Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for female genital mutilation?        Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for allowing men to beat women? Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for honor killings?                             Sorry that is now hate speech!  Want to maintain your Freedom of Speech Rights, then contact your local MP and tell them they are totally wrong forcing sharia law on Canadians!
My bias is to side with Body Blitz Spa but ultimately, it is up to women-- those biologically born as women to decide. How do they feel about transgender women with male genitalia in their spa? Some argue that gender is a social construct and there's no such thing as biological sex.  I respectfully disagree but here's a transcript from last October: Nicholas Matte, Lecturer, Transgender Studies at University of Toronto (The Agenda, October 27, 2016) Nicholas says BASICALLY IT'S NOT CORRECT THAT THERE IS SUCH A THING AS BIOLOGICAL SEX. I'M AN HISTORIAN OF MEDICINE.  I CAN UNPACK THAT FOR YOU AT GREAT LENGTH, IF YOU WANT, BUT IN THE INTERESTS OF TIME, I WON'T. THAT'S A POPULAR MISCONCEPTION. IN MY CLASSES WE'RE LOOKING AT ACTUAL RESEARCH AND IDENTIFYING WAYS THAT CURRENT SOCIAL ISSUES RELATED TO TRANS PEOPLE OR THINGS THAT ARE ASSOCIATED WITH TRANS, SUCH AS FREE SPEECH ARGUMENTS AND CLAIMS, HOW THAT CONNECTS TO THE WAY THAT PEOPLE ARE THINKING, THE WAY THEIR RESEARCH HAS BEEN FRAMED...
Yes, I remember what happened to Harvey Milk.  As far as being homophobic, that is a slur, like racist, that people like you to accuse those of us on the right of.   I am as homophobic as the Salvation Army is.  Or the Catholic Church, or the Family Resource Center, or the Mormans or any of a number of other organizations.  I believe you will find none of these organizations promoting violence or shaming of homosexuals, et al.   Neither do I.   Do I believe the behaviors are healthy, no I do not.  Do I believe that it is a mental disease of some kind?  Yes, I do.  Do I think some people are pushed into following the behaviors?  Yes, I do.
It started with the Christians, then the Natives, then the French, then in 1960's the Jews came, now we have the feminists, gays, lesbians and even Muslims.  It is a caste system, the rest of us have to obey them and even pay for them. All have special privileges, financial benefits and even laws that prevent anyone from criticism them.
FOTF seeks to use the power of the state to deny the LGBT community, who I remind you are citizens and taxpayers, their right to full and equal treatment under the law. I think "hate group" is a fair and accurate description of a group that seeks to deny equal rights to their fellow citizens.
You've  got to be kidding! Judy Lamarsh? Shelia Copps? Jeezz. I'm waiting for the first transgender who-knows-what to get their face plastered on one. Mind you, at least that way, you'll have both sides covered.
For anyone who wants to help the transgender community fight intolerance, here's a GoFundMe campaign for an awesome nonprofit I've supported in the past:  https://www.gofundme.com/help-save-gender-justice-nevada
This is just another attempt by closeted homophobes on city council to cancel funding for the Pride Parade.  Remember how certain councillors and Mayor Ford went ballistic when Queers Against Israeli Apartheid was permitted to march.  It doesn't matter whether it's inclusion or exclusion, some just don't what a Pride Parade.
What is there to hurray for? Pulling out of the Paris Agreement? Trying to take away health insurance of 20 million Americans? Banning transgender people from serving in the military?
And that, Mr. Hobson, is precisely why I am not talking about firing gay employees--so long as they live and let live and do not cause scandal.  As long as they can respect Church teaching and not work to undermine it on the job, I say live and let live. You are right: if the Church fired all sinners, there would be no one left to work for the Church.  Besides, given the fact that bishops were so tolerant with abusive priests, you would think they could show a little compassion for gay people who get married.    Abortion, most certainly not just one issue among others.  It isn't the only issue worth considering, but it is the most important.
"They also raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms".  The real question is, what kind of sick mind projects this kind of behaviour on to their children? Where do they think that their children are getting these ideas from? What kind of homes do these people live in?  What a sad horrible place to be, where you are so afraid about using a bathroom? To see sexual context in children using a toilet !!?  And, no doubt, these "parents" are the same kind of persons who see sex in nudity.  The US is a social disaster mostly it seems, and disturbing attitudes like these will only get worse over the next few years. One can only feel sorrow and sadness for the children affected.
""ramming this down the throats of Canadians"  Why is it that dino-cons always complain about something being "rammed" down their throat: bilingualism, gay rights, environmental measures,  etc. Let me suggest an effective remedy to this problem: keep your mouth shut unless you have something intelligent to say.
Over the last 30 years, LGBTQ Oregonians have been repeatedly attacked by Evangelical Christians (1992's Ballot Measure 9, and on, and on ... ). Yet, Bailey chooses to spend his Sundays with Evangelical Christians, who continue teaching - albeit now with hip music, tattoos, and lattes - that women must submit to men, and that LGBTQ people are inherently sinful.  Doing one thing while saying another on the topic of basic human equality is tolerable - in a First Amendment sense - among private citizens. But, not in someone seeking to lead Portland, Oregon, as our Mayor. Bailey should either admit he believes the Evangelical Christian theology of his church, or join one of the many which treat women and LGBTQ people as equals with straight men, if that's what he actually believes.
Not true.  Chong voted against re-opening debate on the definition of marriage in 2006 (a year after the Liberal government legalized gay marriage).  He marched in Toronto’s Pride and says he supports same-sex marriage.
Where are immediate attention is needed, however, is on clergy and Continence. What does that practice say about how clergy views the married state and women as a whole. When you deconstruct it, it is not holy, it is rather ugly. Talk about it now and throw it on the ash heap of bad doctrine. When we ordain married men and women, straight and gay, the rest of this will work itself out rather quickly as long as Continence is repudiated. Note that I am not calling for dialogue. This is a demand for immediate action!
He's "evolving" just like Obama did on gay marriage.  Remember?
False historical "summation". Not true or provable in any respect. You mischaracterize what "Christians" say about Leviticus et al. The NT has its own indictment of homosexuality as pagan, sinful, prideful, blasphemy and warns not to adopt pagan ways of homosexuality because it keeps you from God's grace. Only you haters of Christianity try to tar and feather Christians with your misunderstanding of Leviticus
No sputtering here from me here. There are all sorts of procedures in place already to keep the extremist elements out of Canada. and laws to deal with them if they sneak in.  Leitch knows this, she's pandering, and you know that she is.  And who is this Canadian 'us' you're talking about? Does that include the Catholics who ran the residential schools in Alberta? And those spouting the horrifically anti-woman, -black, -gay etc. stuff I see online today? The lawbreaking Canadians?  Don't throw out a line like 'ordinary Canadians' without saying what that means. That's Leitch's trick when she says Canadian values. If you can't define your terms, you're hiding something.
I keep asking "abortion is wrong under all circumstances" people how they can say that an abortion to save the life of the mother is immoral. Perhaps you can answer my question: How is a dead mother and a dead fetus morally superior to a dead fetus alone?  With respect to gay CIVIL marriage,  have you ever considered that it is none of your business what consenting adults do in the privacy of their bedrooms?
And so people of Canada, with Alceste help you see the clarity of the  issue.   Don't go away angry, Alceste, just go away.  I"m going to quote Ayaan Hirsi Ali here, hopefully it'll make it through the G&M censors and will make an impact on Alceste:  “Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the West) tolerate another culture's intolerance.  If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity.   And we need to say unambiguously to Muslims living in the West: If you want to live in our societies, to share in their material benefits, then you need to accept that our freedoms are not optional. They are the foundation of our way of life; of our civilization – a civilization that learned, slowly and painfully, not to burn heretics, but to honor them.”
If Trump lied to the LGBT community during the campaign, how can you trust him not to let you down on issues you care about?
We don't disagree with their opinion and aren't imposing our opinion on them (the fundamentalists) however they are trying their best to impose their beliefs on us and make us live their rules.  Who is intolerant?  A gay couple getting married doesn't force a Christian heterosexual couple into gay marriage.  A women choosing an abortion doesn't force other women into making the same choice. Yet, the religious right is trying to force their decisions onto the rest of us whether we believe the same or not. I'm tolerant of religious people having their beliefs but only up the extent that they don't force those beliefs on to me and that government (laws) are kept secular.
The short answer is that the CO legislature doesn't protect anti-gay persons.
I'm grateful that you were at least honest enough to note that this article was "...taken from a Chick-fil-A press release." Perhaps its something in your name (Kirkland REPORTER) that makes me assume you'll actually REPORT. You might want to change your name to the Kirkland ADVERTISER because all this article does is give free advertising to this company. If you did any real reporting, you'd report on all the controversies with this company (giving millions to anti-LGBTQ causes). Maybe they've stopped? I don't know because YOU NEVER ADDRESS IT!
"In a 2015 PRRI survey that asked the same question, more than half of white evangelical Protestants and Mormons approved of those who cited religious belief to deny service to LGBT customers. But in the new 2016 survey, only 50 percent of white evangelical Protestants expressed such approval, as opposed to 56 percent the year before."  Well golly gumdrops! Speaking as a bona fide gay person, that six-point shift is SO very reassuring. Now that I know that only half of religious people think I should be denied services solely on the basis of my ontology I can finally sleep at night. Thanks, NCR! Whew! What a relief!
Not a solution, but I suppose you think you're smart.  Where is there a "gay baker?"  Do you know any?  I'm sure there are many, but they don't identify to customers by orientation, no more than should another guy by religion.
I'm in favor of married priests, women priests, openly gay priests, and openly gay married priests, just like in the Episcopal Church.
Yes, it would,   Straight men find they do not comfortable fit into a gay culture.   Even if that culture is made up of supposedly celibate priests.    As you're a woman, I don't blame you for not knowing this.
Golly, it's not as if they were asked to bake a cake for a gay wedding....
I'm proud to be an American with decent core values.  Gay pride is all about deviant sex.  Have you ever taken your kids to a gay pride parade? They toss condoms instead of candy.  Way different than Independence Day parades.    http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-CU6mEM5UU-8/Uth8JfWjUAI/AAAAAAAACYc/acEn1vvmtNU/s1600/gay+pride+Chicago02.jpg
Ironic: on another forum, liberal posters scream about the primitive beliefs of Albertans who dare to think that their religious beliefs should qualify them to be notified if their child has joined a gay-straight alliance organization at their school.  And yet on this forum, liberal bleeding hearts types find no issue with demanding that the state enforce restrictions on development because some Canadians believe that grizzly bear "spirits" exist and occupy a specific place.  Simply too funny.
I think it has less to do with him having no case, and the fact that this issue has been popping up all over the nation the past several years.  This specific case was one of the first at the time that gained national attention and started the discussion of what rights business owners have to refuse service to someone who they disagree with religiously.    Even with Gorsuch on the bench, the dynamics of the court remain about the same now as it did when it ruled gay marriage was to be recognized and performed in every state.  I have a hard time believing that these exact same justices would rule that way, and then here rule for the business who is discriminating against them because they are gay.  But, we shall see.
Oh yes. I could name half a dozen in Atchdiocese of KC KS.  And not from hearsay, but ones I have seen in gay bars, at parties, at cruising places and with online profiles.  If we include ones that have picked up friends, another half dozen or so.
Happily, the conning cons don't stand a chance in the GE. Sadly, a halfway sane guy like Kasich won't get any support from the cons because the God & guns faction CON - troll the R party.   John Kasich told an audience here Friday (4/29) that some people are "probably" born gay after being pressed on the issue by an audience member who said he was gay.   I wonder what the January 2017 reboot for the republican party will look like after tRUMP loses. Probably and sadly, more of the same God & guns con-troll con.
A lot of members of the gay community will be boycotting Pride this year unless the Board reverses this absolutely catastrophic decision, BLM has absolutely no business dictating to and imposing its will upon another organization for it own political/activist agenda.  This is a classic case of an event/organization trying to be all things to all people and the Pride Board really needs to wake up and choose its allies carefully. The police and their numerous police services in Ontario have been a wonderful and joyful presence at Pride over the years with their outreach information booths and colourful floats, and now the gay community wants to destroy all of this because of another group's naked aggression and coercion? What an irony: imagine if the gay communuity tried to impose its will upon Toronto's Caribbean Festival Parade, I can only imagine the reaction from the black community. And what about the state of gay rights in the majority of Caribbean and African countries??
Amoral behavior might not be sanctioned but condemnation of other's behavior was. Jesus came to the side of the Centurion's gay slave and healed him. He didn't call him gay and tell him he was going to hell. He loved his neighbor- do the same. Murder, rape, and slavery were sanctioned in the bible. Explain that away.
"I'm not a straight man or a heterosexual man"; does that mean you're a gay man or a homosexual man? If you are a straight, you are telling people so every time you talk about women. In the past, gay men had to pretend to be straight by talking about women in the same way.
BLM will expect the gay men of the LBGT to come to their defense.
Before I answer your question, please address for me how two adults of the same sex appearing at dinner together constitute a values disruption to children. Most kids would just think it's "Ned's friend" or "Jan's housemate" and wouldn't ask for details. (I had adult housemates of both sexes for years.) Most LGBT couples are sensitive to situations in where there is limited approval and are usually on their best behaviour, avoiding hot topics and PDAs. This isn't a situation where the person's issues--addiction, criminality, racism--threaten to derail the conversation at every turn. I agree that those situations can get unmanageable.   Sometimes if feels like traditional Catholics don't know any gay people and imagine that all they do is maul each other in public and talk about sex positions. Nothing could be further from the truth. I would ask you to apply some common sense.
Homosexuals cannot have families (biologically anyway), is that why you want heterosexuals to "hide" it ?
Do you mean, all Catholics you consider true Catholics discriminate against homosexuals and condemn any other form of sexual activity outside of marriage? Times have changed and modernized Catholics, like Catholics for Choice,etc. do not discriminate against different genders. It is your prerogative to believe in what you want but I believe that it is wrong to discriminate and to judge others based on any differences. Pope Francis encourages inclusiveness and follows Jesus's call to all of us to love our neighbors as ourselves.
Let's face it, what we are talking about here is not some homosexual going into a shop to buy a packet of cigarettes or going into a bar to buy a drink or shopping in a supermarket. We are talking about a homosexuals going to a Christian businesses and asking for a service which they know these businesses cannot in good conscience agree to provide. The aim being to put these enterprises out of business. It has occurred in places like N Ireland, England, the U.S.A., etc. Polls show that homosexuality and same-sex marriage is supported by the majority of Christians in the decadent Western world. There is no need, therefore, for any more lobbying. The homosexual lobby, however, are not prepared to live and let live. They are grasping us by the jugular to force us to accept their sexual lifestyle as normal using 'equality' legislation.
Only Trump identified Mateen, the killer of 50 gay people in Orland, as a Muslim and a terrorist . All other politicians, LGBT community leaders  and media white washed it as simply a grievous crime with no apparent background.  Only  Trump was honest yet the LGBT world  hate him for it.
Actually, homosexual men relate to women quite well - primarily because there is no sexual tension. Their relationship is more "human." Ask women. They will often admit such to be the case.
I have never been fond of the term "Islamophobia" as it implies that hatred of Muslims is a mental disorder, rather than just good old fashioned bigotry. I think it absolves people of responsibility. But for those who believe in the separation of religion and state, equality for women and respect for gay people, we should not shy away from pointing out that a good portion of Western Muslims are in fact opposed to those principles. So it's the dilemma of the (post) modern liberal .
Your comments lack dignity, logic and reason.  The baker is arguing that he wants to discriminate. He does not want to offer the same services to gays, a protected class, as to other protected classes. That is discrimination.   You have shown that you would rather make personal assumptions about me than use logic or reason.  You do not get to dictate the definition of discrimination.   Are you going to personally go around and edit every dictionary in the world?
As long as both can understand and get over the fact that nobody will get 100 percent of what they want.  We cannot expect to live together in harmony without compromise.  Religious people must understand that gays can get married. Gays need to understand that not everyone wants to be involved in their wedding. Oh well. Move on, get another baker.
He is using his office to fight the culture wars. It is almost reverse-simony although the original punishment for simony has not so far applied. He is right to suspect that gay priests are probably quietly blessing gay marriages, as they do second marriages and other civil marriages by Catholics.  He is technically correct on Canon 930 grounds, if you believe the Church is correct on homosexuality, which it is not.  This whole kinder and gentle approach does not help when renouncing teaching is needed.  As for denying burial, we used to do that with suicide and it was cruel, especially when the suicide was a teenager.  Now we know that a lot of gay teen suicides are those who are in extreme conflict because the Church condemns them as disordered but their hearts tell them they are not.  We call it mental illness but it is moral angst.  We cause that by not repudiating current teaching on homosexuality.  The irony on burial is thick and sad. Another form of priestly sexual abuse.
yes, exactly. God forbid that child discovers he/she is gay or trans.
Richard Roskell, Muslim parents generally speaking have concerns about morality such as  homosexuality gay marriage pre-marital sex even sex education  modesty as in covering of hair, clothing, dating between opposite sex etc.  their moral standards may clash with those of the school board (more secular, more permissive, more lax)
I have heard the mothers of trans Americans often feel like they are "transparent"
What is truly ironic is that those at the top of the progressive food chain like Clinton and Soros could care less about racism, gays or any other liberal emotional gods.  All they want is power and money and internationalism with no sovereign countries to get in their way.  The "useful idiots" at the bottom of the food chain are forever fed Pablum about race and sex to keep them hopped up and hooked better than a red salmon on a treble hook.
Actually, he did. When Obama rescinded "Don't ask, don't tell", he allowed openly gay people into the military, as well as transgendered people.
You're welcome Elagabulus.  I can see where gay men could get all uppity and entitled about the amount of care and concern shown for their souls vs those poor straight adulterers, so I would advise taking your specialness with a large dollop of humility.
It just doesn't seem quite genuine without Anglican women bishops in the mix. If there were women bishops there at the Vatican, it would be like saying to the Holy Father, "what you see is what you get. This is we, this is who we are. Take it or leave it." Women bishops are part of the Anglican Church. But I can also understand why Archbishop Welby is hesitant to mess things up, given the almost schismatic situation in his own Communion between Anglicans of Africa (where the majority of Anglicans are) and British/Canadian and American Anglicans over gender and sexuality issues, gay clerics in same sex unions, etc. So he tries to make do. God help him! He can't disavow what his church has committed itself to, yet he hopes Francis will overlook such differences in favor of hints and suggestions. So that is where we are ecumenically!!
The article states that one of the first questions that these men are asked after coming out is how they were able to continue having sex with their wives.  The other party to whom one should pose the same question would be the wives of the men who came out.  I had a friend who discovered early on in her marriage that her husband (highschool sweetheart) was gay, but stayed with him until all the children were in their late teens/early adulthood because she wanted the kids to grow up in a two parent family.  Towards the end of the marriage, she took a lover or two on the side and eventually remarried a heterosexual man.  She told me that she only knew in retrospect, after having sex with heterosexual men, how unfulfilling her sex life with her gay husband had been.  Until then, because she had married her first love, she never had any other points of reference.
Don't you want to publish a few more stories about the lesbian Cottage Grove superintendents, Dave? Seems like that story really, really intrigued you. Meanwhile, your police department can't find a perpetrator and your staff can't write an coherent article about it.
When you, Paprocki or anyone else shows fear and loathing of homosexuals, it is perfectly proper to use the term "homophobia". You don't like my use of it, just as you don't like my pointing out that you have surrendered moral decision making to others in the same way that Adolf Eichmann did. That's just too bad. You are a homophobe, and you have taken Eichmann as a role model. These FACTS should cause you to reconsider some of your opinions, but we all know you won't. You have Opus Dei to tell you how to live, you do not need other Christians.  Your blather about "correcting me" is simply your arrogance speaking.
The most common socio/religious 'phobia' in Canada is anti-semitism. If this were addressed in these articles regarding islamophobia I would be able to take them more seriously. Although in general, I am a supporter of multiculturalism I do not think that it is the role of our government to single out one community in general for special protection when we have laws adequately protecting all citizens. Especially when that one community is known for all kinds of 'phobias' such as homophobia.
Sad that this author is right - that some people are focusing on KC's gayness and not on what really matters.
Tri, I could respond to the issues you mention, but my post was about a gay individual "telling" he/she is gay not the issues you have brought up. Yet, you registered a disagreement with what I wrote. If you can address what it is you disagree with what I wrote, that would be on topic with my post and I will respond.   Peace,   John David
You know people "used to" think the world is flat-Trump originally said the wrong thing by mentioning "muslims" in his attempt to describe who needed to be banned. When will the media update their story to reflect what the real intent of the ban is? To keep the terrorist from these countries out. Whether their Muslims, Catholics, Protestants, black, white, green, gay, straight, women, men, aunties.......get my drift? The media is the divisive component to where we are now as a society.
Jesus was Jewish and didn't advocate or endorse beheadings, murder of killings. So Trump would have let him in. Congratulations. You just figured out that leaders of Christian countries don't follow the Christian bible .   Well Trudeau is the leader of Canada, a country  based on Christianity. The Bible doesn't approve of homosexuality yet Trudeau endorses homosexuality. How do you figure that?c
POLITICS  the Gay pride organizers played politics and lost  the Parade is about gay pride  they distracted us from the message of gay Pride by inviting Black lives matter as the Honoured group last year  serves them right for pushing a political agenda
Homeless men don't count as "Middle class" so not on Trudeau's radar  if homeless men are diversity, LGBT, First nations....still not "middle class" not likely to vote so not on Justin's radar
I've always appreciated your voice Randy, and you raise an interesting point here.  I'd offer a different perspective. As a once-upon-a-time Catholic, I can appreciate the appeal of that ancient and often beautiful liturgy.  And the idea of an individual standing up against aspects of that doctrine (birth control, homosexuality), while many do, is basically folly.  And the alternatives to the history and magnitude of that religious 'grandeur' are minimal. What we're talking about here--as I understand it--is a small, community church, where there are numerous alternatives; and where it is one important voice in hundreds, not one insignificant voice in hundreds of million.  To me that makes an important difference.
Thank you for this excellent comment. There were indeed bishops in Germany who supported Hitler because of his stands against abortion and homosexuality, and his support for the patriarchal family structure. And for some, there may have been a personal attraction to fascism itself and associating oneself with the all-powerful leader.
Don't think all black gay guys agree with BLM.  But because of the colour of their skin they are ignored by  media politicians and even BLM.
Agreed. But we need to stop using the language of the right. "Tax breaks" are actually subsidies. These right wingers who try to pretend that we live in the world of the 1950's Hollywood western - which is fun for dress up in gay bars - but has little to do with reality where we actually live in a civilized system where we, rightfully, share the costs of much of society such as infrastructure etc. which is the most efficient way to organize things using something called an economy of scale.
Milo is part of the Alt-right, an outspoken Jewish homosexual - interesting how the Globe omits certain details that detract from the desired "narrative". And yet the Globe continues to ignore political Islam, accepting cultural relativism as a valid excuse for misogyny and homophobia.
SJW Logic: Perpetrator admits he's gay, therefore his abuse is okay.
Gays define themselves as those who love their own sex exactly as heterosexuals define themselves as those who love the other sex. Heterosexuals talk about their love of the other sex all the time. When gays talk about their love of their own sex they are called people who define themselves narrowly by their sexuality! The bullying unfairness of this is patent.
Without commenting on how I pictured him, I did wonder what Tridentinus looked like when he wrote condemning opposite-sex couples for participating in homosexual acts.   I knew, then, that we LITERALLY did not speak the same language, since in English his scenario is impossible.
"The Enemy Isn’t Religion, It’s Homophobia".  I get your point, but don't forget that some religions condemn homosexual conduct and promise death to those who engage in it.  And it must, of necessity, be humans who fulfill that promise.  This latest perpetrator was gay, and very bitter.
Right, science is just another religion...no difference at all between believing that miracles have taken place and that gravity exists. Come on. Gays and non-believers get persecuted the world over because of a made-up story. I don't know how y'all sleep at night. That 10-point list is not even remotely similar to scripture or theology.
The confusion seems to be in not seeing that Christ had the supper only with His disciples and after His discourse in John where He distinguishes between His followers and "the world".  When Christ ate with the tax collectors He did no give them Eucharist.  When he ate at the Pharisees home He did not give them Eucharist.  Only those who were faithful to Him were present and that was about 130 people.  The gift of His body and His blood is not for the uninitiated or those who have transgressed but remain in sin like an adulterous relationship or an embrace of a homosexual identity.  It is a statement of faith in ALL Christ's teaching and for disciples who will pray and live to embrace Christ's teaching.  The Church has always taught that to receive unworthily is to crucify Christ again.  There are people responding based on "feelings" and not on knowledge of Christ's teaching and the understanding of the Church for millennia.
Now if only Portland could get a gay sports bar like they have in D.C. (Nellie's), then I think Portland's sports bar scene would be complete!
Well written and from the heart. I don't understand why we are letting a small group of people dictate to the organizers. They are the ones that should never have let the protest stop an otherwise great gay rights event and then to exclude police from future events defies logic. The majority of our police just want to protect and in this case, participate and have fun as well. We shouldn't buckle to the minority who in this case are dead wrong. Lynn Smith
I was a stay at home dad,  my wife  earned more than me and most other people  because she worked in info tech and was skilled.. I believe that people should be paid fairly. The real problem is not the gender gap but the income gap with too many people who are low income. We could ask why most teachers and nurses are women and why they are paid so well or why daycare workers are paid so little for such an important job. Women's rights or gay rights or black rights just detracts from the important issue of equality for all regardless of sex or race. Equality should not mean that every person has the same but that everyone has the basics and the opportunity to try. We need to make sure that every person has the necessities and all children have a safe environment and the opportunity to do their best. Maybe we should have laws that force people to shop at stores that have wage equality or force people to sell their services for a set price. Would that be equality.
"How does Natural Law help in this way?"  OK.  Here's how.  God's law says no homosexual conduct.  How does Natural law help to understand God's law better?  Take the three things that must be discussed --- the penis, the vagina, and the anus.  The old Cardinal O'Connor Brian on the Imus show, ever the vessel of natural law, would scream:  Which doesn't belong and why?  Obviously, the anus.  And why?  Because Natural law says there's a natural sexual function for only two of those things, and that to stick a penis in the anus of another man is not merely something that "doesn't belong," but is contrary to nature  --- indeed disgusting --- to the great majority of the human race.  So Natural Law explains what every sentient person already knows, and in so doing, confirms Scripture.
My point is, conservative Christians are perfectly fine with including religion in the civil rights laws but are appalled that sexual orientation is included. So, conservative Christians want to be protected against discrimination while wanting to discriminate against gay people. If the SCOTUS agrees with the baker, there will be a power imbalance where conservative Christians would be able to discriminate against gay couples but gay people would not be able to discriminate against Christians.
What about police officers who are gay?
You do realize The Pope has spoken out against transgenderism?
Exactly, that's likely why the Supreme Court decided to review this case.  The facts aren't in dispute and the slippery slope is so easily identified.  The "artist" argument is laughable.  A high-quality woodworker or a vintage car restorer or hundreds of other basic craftspersons can be considered artists in the same vein.  Applied to this situation (gay wedding) you could have an outcome where the cake baker, florist, photographer, wedding planner and wedding dress designer all refuse service.  Absurd.  Even with Gorsuch, no way the bigot baker wins this on appeal.
No, they really haven't.  In some states you can be fired for being gay.  Until the SCOTUS decision, they couldn't marry in many states, so no they haven't had the same rights.
Are you aware that the father is a supporter of the Taliban and made statements about gays that actually supported his sons actions?
Whether Donald Trump actually harbors racists views or not I think takes a back seat to Donald Trump's #1 concern: Donald Trump. Whatever is politically expedient for Donald Trump at any given moment is what motivates him to action. At this particular point in time, the noose of the Russia investigation is tightening around his fat orange neck and so he's lashing out and simultaneously attempting to solidify his loyal base by throwing them as much red meat in whatever form as he possibly can. If that means throwing transgender service members under the bus, so be it. If it means saying neo-nazis are "fine people" in order to appease the so-called "alt-right," so be it. Trump knows the one thing he absolutely cannot afford is to have his base go wobbly on him. When that happens his whole shaky house of cards comes tumbling down and Republican members of Congress will start bailing on him in droves. That could ultimately lead to impeachment, and he knows it. That's the bottom line.
Are you stating that those homosexuals that are not monogamous would be committing a sin?
So glad that we have a columnist in the MSM to enlighten us on why barbarism - which attacking children is nothing but - is truly terrifying.  The next thing you know, you will want to tell us why multiculturalism is such a good thing and why a religion that is misogynistic and kills gays is something we should be celebrating.
Didn't Trump, little more than two weeks ago, say he was "supportive and protective" of LGBTQ rights?  [Quick Google search] https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/will-trump-keep-his-promise-on-protecting-lgbt-rights/2017/02/05/ac911d74-ea5d-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html That didn't take long to go back on on those words.
Since I started as a teacher way back in the last century, every high school I’ve been at has had LGBT students. For the most part, there have been very few difficulties since kids seem to be generally  more  tolerant than adults.  I would like to take issue though with one very small inaccuracy in the story. Early on, it refers to “Nurse’s bathrooms.” I just want to point out that Hawaii Public Schools unlike some mainland districts, do not have “Nurses.” They have School Health Aides whose training and remuneration are not at the level of a licensed or registered nurse. They receive basic first aid training and are trained about the issues involved with administering medication.
It's getting to be too much.  There is a small handful of activists/advocates pushing this stuff on people constantly, and regular folks are getting tired of it.    Hey - if you want to be gay or transgender, feel free.  Who cares who you sleep with?  I certainly don't.  Go about your business privately, just like I do.  I don't even need to know about it.    But I do know about it.  Why?  Because you're standing on your roof wearing funny clothes with a unicorn attached to your head, shouting, "Hey everybody, look at me! I'm Different; I'm Special!  But it's my right to be treated just like everybody else."    We all have a sexual identity.  Fortunately most of us don't feel the need to flaunt it to everyone else on a daily basis.
And LongBob, I get why guys like you appreciate a left-leaning court, but what happens - when, like in the US - you get a court that tilts to the right?  What would happen, if it were to deny abortion rights, or same sex marriage?    You wouldn't like it and I wouldn't like it, and that is EXACTLY why it is the legislature, over whom we have some control, that should make the laws, not appointed and unelected elites, who have no accountability to you and to me.
After the Orlando  massacre, leaders of the LGBT and Muslim communities across America and even Toronto, immediately blamed Trump and the NRA for the bloodshed. They ALL categorically exonerated Islam. Mateen was devout a Muslim and shouted ALLAH AKBAR while shooting gay men and women.  Mateen's own wife, father Imam, mosque had an army of supporters who financed his military training in the middle east, in his jihad to kill homosexuals. They now insist he wasn’t even Muslim at all. Only Trump identified exactly who did it and why: Islamic terrorists in America. But Trump is reviled for being honest. Even Toronto's LGBT community prefer sweet lies to hard truths.
My respects to The Jaques Family. I was there, just up the street. It was the day all the runaways, gay youth, from the Track, became visible to society. This horrible tragedy, and the ensuing fury caused panic. They too lived in fear, from everyone. I did too. I am so happy that today the LGBTQ community and the city of Toronto have come together as One Community. We, will never forget, those who survived. Bless, Emmanuel
Not to mention that there are numerous reports that the military spends 5-6 times more on Viagra than medical services for transgendered people.
It is not that Gabbard questions the strike - there are lots of things you can question (lack of congressional approval, lack of overall strategy, execution of said strike, etc), it is that she has defended Assad and even tried to cast doubt that he is guilty of war crimes. I think she feels ISIS is a threat to Hinduism in a  way that Assad is not. I also think that much like her position on gays in the military, Gabbard is more than willing to adjust her stance if she thinks it will win her an election.
Wiliki, transgenders have what is called "gender dysphoria," formerly known as "gender identity disorder," which is classified as a mental disorder by the American Psychiatric Association.  The most common effects are stress, anxiety and depression which are disqualifiers for enlistment or commissioning in the military services.  Military personnel who are diagnosed with these mental disorders while on active duty are usually considered unqualified for continued active duty and discharged or retired for medical reason and receive disability compensation for life.  It makes no sense to bring in a class of people with pre-existing and disqualifying mental disorders to be politically correct or whatever you want to call it.
Reality is, Obama's directive made the world far safer.  There are over 200 municipalities in the US alone with laws on the books allowing people to use the washroom corresponding to their gender.  Throw in several states, however many school districts and who knows how many private businesses and if there was going to be a problem it would have surfaced by now.  Instead we've seen no reports of transgendered individuals causing a problem in washrooms - fact is, the people who are at risk of assault (physical and/or sexual) are the transgendered individuals themselves.  Not the general public.  Moreover, there have been no cases of someone taking advantage of transgender protections to enter a washroom in order to commit a crime.  But do you actually think this girl is safe in the men's room?  http://tinyurl.com/z6amznq
Interesting??? No.!  Obama ran for office on the premise that he was a black man.  He was not a woman and he was black.  He had very little more going for him than that.  He is and was a racist and a sexist.  Obama then had to temper his persona by reversing his position on other divisive issues like gay rights.  Trump does not carry these divisive traits and he serves all of the people without regard to whatever demographic affiliation they cater to.  Obama ran on a promise of change and what little change he actually made is not generally acceptable to the American people.  President Trump has already initiated more more change in six months than Obama did in eight years.  America is once again a world leader, the economy is turning around, we are on a path of less social ranker and violence, we are on a path (albeit slow) to providing Americans health care, all thanks to President Trump and no thanks to his dis tractors like Mr. Schwab.
This is an interesting question about Postmodern Man. Does he believe:  "If I can bully or trick you into saying "gay" and "orientation" and all my other ideological buzzwords then I have won because might makes right."  or  "If I can bully or trick you into saying my ideological buzzwords then I have won because you will get confused and begin to believe those words designate something real."  or  "If I can bully or trick you into saying my ideological buzzwords then reality will change and things corresponding to the words will come into existence."  It seems obvious it's really the first. But one does sometimes hear postmodern people assert that in 500 BC Zeus and Apollo really existed.
And this is the possible solution. Change Catholicism.  Make it more democratic, transparent.  Make it not sexist, less fear mongering and condemning, more tolerant, especially of LGBT and their families.  Make it less clerical and more inviting toward lay ministry.  We can change our church but only if we get organized in large numbers to demand change.
Why are Middle Easterners flocking to the USA, Canada & Australia ?  Justin Trudeau ? Trudeau & his government of rabid socialists ? Could it be the 'pretty boy' in charge of Canada & it's people has seen it come to pass what his equally , if not more socialistic father -Pierre failed to bring about before his death 10 years back, "For better or worse, he's responsible in large measure for the charter, official bilingualism and official multiculturalism," wrote Bruce Cheadle in the Globe and Mail. "Mr. Trudeau legalized contraception, abortion, homosexual acts between consenting adults and lotteries ... The Canada Health Act was enacted, restricting provinces from experimenting with health care."   Both Trudeau's determined to 'update' Canada , removing much of  it's tradition & adhering to what is commonly accepted "an orthodox view of the world".    Justin is determined to turn Canada into Europe allowing Middle Eastern Muslims into Canadian 'citizens' . This is causing huge problems
This is drivel.  if the homophobes were to go into a gay bar, they would be served.  As to the treatment from the patrons, I cannot comment, because that is not covered by anti-discrimination laws.  Those apply only to the business itself.
Pat Robertson is the man to call in:  http://politicot.com/pat-robertson-trumps-macho-groping-tape-orchestrated-god-show-americans-hes-definitely-not-gay/
"Yeah, we don't approve of homophobic, antisemitic, racist speech."  Neither do I.  But whether I approve of another's speech is irrelevant.  The question is whether the First Amendment protects the speech.  You seem to prefer it otherwise, so that speech of which you disapprove is not protected.   That's increasingly a main difference between conservatives and leftists.
JustDucky:  I am a AMMOSEXUAL and I did NOT cause this.
Yes, just like Islamopalooza went down bad last year.  Ctrl-left terrorists shouldn't be tolerated, remember when that Hillary supporter murdered 49 gays in Florida? Mateen and Hodgkinson were just part of a terrorist organization.
Yes. "Intrinsically disordered" is an insult thrown at gays to prove that the institutional Church has rejected them.
Lesbians have the lowest HIV transmission rate of all couple types.
Anti immunization, anti women's choice, anti same sex marriage McDermott, who is the leading Republican candidate AND has said the Oahu train needs to be built no matter how much it will cost Hawaii taxpayers, will have ZERO chance to win the governor's seat.
For the three or four transgender people who would have used them, the status quo prevails.
Don't remember Michelle ever posing for lesbian soft porn shots either. Not that there's anything wrong with that but just sayin.
The CCC should be amended this way --  whether they are laity or clergy, gay people should be vigorously encouraged to come out of the closet.  End the ridiculous policy of claiming that "gay" doesn't exist.   All that policy has done is provide a cloak of secrecy for gay Catholics to pretend they are straight.    These Catholics often become priests, and we've seen that decades of rigorous formation didn't change their sexual orientation.   They are gay men living lives of desperation, holding on to the hope that the Holy Spirit was help them transcend their ss orientation.   And they often prey on young people.
Let's say there are 100 different refugee scenarios, and we say, "For 99 of these scenarios we will seek proof. For the 100th, no proof needed." What is the outcome going to be?  Will it be easier or more difficult to identify and help those individuals *actually* fleeing persecution based on sexual orientation? In the end, will this actually help or hinder legitimate refugee cases who are fleeing because they are gay?
"Speaking objectively, all those who have sexual relations outside of valid marriage, whether they are heterosexual or homosexual, should not receive Holy Communion unless they repent, go to confession and amend their lives.  This includes the divorced and remarried without an annulment, as is well known from all the recent media attention on that issue.” (Bishop Paprocki)  Why not read the article?
No, I am saying that there is no sin to require grace to overcome.  It is the Church that is not telling the truth through bad proof texting.  This passage has many speculate that Paul was gay, which would make him asexual by choice and not naturally so. He had issues.  God picks people with issues to speak for him sometimes. Hopefully they will realize that their issues mean that there is nothing wrong with them.
Only because they used the abusers own definition of his sexuality to determine whether the priest was "homosexual" or not.
Liberal Democrats, led by Sen. Ted Kennedy, took over the US Catholic Church in the 1970’s and 1980’s, and quickly admitted Gay men to the Priesthood in the 1980’s. Note that the pedophile scandal (priests molesting boys) erupted in the early 2000’s.
JenW, "homophobia" is used as shorthand for anti-gay bigotry.  Don't you know that?   Your Pastor McKinley does believe in female submission and is opposed to civil rights for gays.  Ask him, or do a bit of research on your own church.  Maybe you need another church whose doctrine you understand and support.
I do not like them Sam I Am No partial surrender.  I'll wait for evidence he is a racist and a homophobe.  He has certainly shown bigotry, but racism is a different beast.  His position on the Supreme Court will almost certainly harm the LGBT community--just not sure yet if he understands this or not.  I was trying to be charitable. although he doesn't deserve it.  I didn't say he is not a racist or homophobe, just that I am awaiting further evidence before drawing a conclusion.  As for vague generalities... well, I watched the campaign extremely carefully and saw repeated displays by Trump of lying, bullying, sexism, misogyny, xenophobia, megalomania and lack of impulse control.  I didn't start the conversation, I merely concurred with just as good as you as I have witnessed it.
A legal precedent enforcing gender appropriate bathrooms should be on the books in order to maintain a social precedent regarding reality.  It should not be actively policed.   Like the article says, "transgendered" people have been using the bathrooms of their choice, no one is checking IDs at the bathrooms, and we are all okay.  Therefore, the "fight" for transgendered "choice" of gender-specific facilities is obviously about redefining sexual boundaries in society, not bathrooms.  Sex, however, is a biological fact in which a person falls into one of two reproductive roles which are irrespective of lifestyle, opinion, or preference.  To officially condone transgendered use of the gender-specific bathroom or locker room of their choice is tacit consent that reality is not defined by fact but by belief.  That is immoral and irresponsible. Transgendered people should use gender-specific facilities at their own social and legal risk.
As a gay person, I applaud Mr. DeBernardo for raising exactly the right questions about the language the Vatican uses in "The gift of priestly vocation" regarding gay seminarians. If anyone harbors any doubts about the manner in which this document disparages gay people, I would suggest simply replacing the word "homosexual" with the word "heterosexual" and ask yourself how the language comes off sounding.  The fact that the document begins by saying "The Church, while profoundly respecting the persons in question [persons with homosexual tendencies]" and then proceeds with what can only be described as profoundly disrespectful language towards gay people only adds insult to injury. Mr. DeBernardo's final paragraph hits the nail on the head and underscores the distinct lack of pastoral concern for gay people the world over. This is not the way the Church of Jesus Christ is supposed to behave toward "the least of these." Pope Francis, of all people, should know better.
Most fall into one of male or female, that's true.  But it isn't true for everyone.  Scientists are seeing evidence that there is a spectrum....most are at one side or the other.  Others are not and they fall on the spectrum.  And homosexual behaviour has been seen in other species, so it actually seems to be part of biology....simple or otherwise.
No Christian was hoodwinked.  The safety, security and solvency of America was secondary to the expectation of several possible Supreme Court appointments that would overturn the legality of abortion and gay marriage.  A side  benefit was having a President with no absolutely no interest in reducing gun proliferation and violence.
In the name of cultural accommodation, Canada is turning back the clock on the rights of women and the LGBTQ community.  Allowing the tail to wag the national dog is an affront to the memory of all those who made great personal sacrifices and fought tirelessly for decades to ensure that women and LGBTQ Canadians could enjoy equal rights in our country. Canadians have no obligation to roll out the welcome mat for those whose ideology (masquerading as a religion) calls for the murder of non-believers, Jews, Christians, "apostates" and homosexuals. . No Canadian with a memory of history would welcome Nazis into our midst. Why then are we supposed to welcome and accommodate those whose Seventh Century ideology is just another variant of fascism?
-Frank Pellegrini -"Agnes" -Steven Cook -Excommunicated group Call To Action -Chicago Windy City Gay Men's Chorus (sang at his funeral) -Freemasons in full regalia as honor guards at his funeral -Posthumous recipient of the Freemasons Galilei Award (another excommunicated group)
Doing something just because you have the right to is not always the wisest move. I hope you're right about his business.  Our office actually ordered a bunch of pastries from him for a meeting earlier this week.  They were great!  P.S. Many of the gays are bigots.
You do not waive your first Amendment rights to open a business, nor should you.  Their application is different.  Government must show a compelling government interest to restrict someone's rights not just state they don't have any.  The right to have a gay wedding anywhere you please should  not take precedence over the free exercise clause.
I remember in Canada it was not a civilized discussion, but rather rearguard action. The anti-marriage side didn't want civil unions either, until it looked like gay marriage was coming in, and then proposed civil unions as a "compromise".
I never knew he was "in". I've always thought he was gay and didn't know he was hiding it. It was pretty obvious, it just never mattered
I strongly disapprove of your statements about transgender persons in our "young daughter's" locker rooms, gay men with our "vulnerable sons" in the Boy Scouts and the "constant drum-banging about special rights for people who have unfortunate sexual attractions." I do not believe that this kind of bigotry can be the basis for winning elections and, yes, I find it off-putting as well as highly objectionable.
Making the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) hate group list may mean you are a hate group or it may mean you rubbed Morris Dees and/or Joe Levin the wrong way. Both are trial lawyers.  In 2012, black pastors confronted the SPLC  for smearing as "hate groups" pro-family organizations opposed to homosexual behavior.  SPLC considers the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) a "hate group", because it opposes illegal immigration and uses demonstrations as a method.  Traditionalist Catholics are another SPLC hate group.  I would steer away from them as your sole source for who and who is not reliable.
Mr. Stacy, The baker refused ANY custom design for a cake. The discussion never got as far as that. The moment the baker heard the couple was gay, he offered them an off-the-shelf sheet cake or cupcakes. That is discrimination under Colorado law. I'm wondering if you would feel differently if he had refused to even consider designing a custom cake for a black couple or a Jewish couple, but offered them a sheet cake instead? And, "artistic freedom"? Would a topiary company be exercising artistic freedom if they refused to trim shrubs for a lesbian woman or couple? Would a home-products warehouse be exercising artistic freedom if they refused to give a gay couple their custom design shelving service? And, is this "artistic freedom" available to people who have objections to serving Muslim couples? Inter-racial couples? Or is this a gay exception only?
(A) what is "gay sex" versus "sex"?  (B) I'm assuming the "gay" folks weren't lesbian - or do I assume too much?  (C) "worse" - how so?  Please tell us more!
I think you make an important point, David. The wording of the guidelines stems from the same old discredited world of clericalism. Once that world is finally sidelined, the platform for change will have been set.  The emergence of a more compassionate theology and more pastoral Bishops and Cardinals will challenge the ludicrous attitude to celibacy, women, gay people and the divorced and separated. I think Francis is playing the long game and I hope enough of us support him to set the framework for radical change in all these areas.
Even if -- and it's a big if -- 10 percent of humans are homosexual, a large proportion of them live in countries where they are safe and can live openly. So there's no reason to get exercised about how Canada is going to absorb them all.
It’s easy to get caught up in the deeply flawed character of Donald Trump. We also need to recognize the policy catastrophe of this presidency. This past week Trump ordered an end to the Obama-era executive action that shielded around 800,000 young undocumented immigrants – often called Dreamers – from deportation under what’s been known as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. Look at other of Trump’s recent policy decisions and you see the same arbitrary and unnecessary cruelty. What’s the point of banning transgender people from military service? Of siding in court with a businessman who doesn’t want to sell his services to gay couples? Of weakening the standard for responding to sexual violence in universities? Of banning Syrian refugees and reducing by half the number of refugees admitted to the United States? There is no point, in terms of policy. None of these decisions makes America safer or economically stronger or fairer.
"Unaffiliated" means you haven't got a party to support. Neither do I, but at least I have sense enough to either register as GOP so that I can vote in the only primary where I might find a candidate to prefer, or register as Libertarian to keep that choice on the ballot. Cambbell wants to ignore the fact that to throw out the GOP Senator he's unhappy with he'll have to throw in a Democrat, and that's just foolish. After all, all the Democrats ALSO failed to vote to reform healthcare.  By the way, banning transgender individuals from serving in the military is not in the slightest incompatible with a promise to protect the LBGTQ community. Duh.
Are you saying Sam Adams and gay couples worship at Imago while openly disagreeing with Imago's doctrine regarding homosexuality? I've heard of Sam Adams' prior partnership with churches in community projects, but I did not think he attended Imago in the same way Jules does.   I have heard positive news about Imago's community service and am tempted to visit just as I've visited other religious communities with doctrines I disagree. However, I feel it would be insincere and disrespectful to join a church community that promotes doctrines that I disagree. Thank you for the invite though.
In this case, I actually meant committing an actual physical assault, as in gay bashing because you want to send a message to gays to behave themselves or face similar physical harm.  That is terrorism.  I address the question of using religious terms to drive vulnerable youth to suicide elsewhere (but doing so is also mortally sinful). Being gay is not a sin.  It is a natural variation that is now being understood by science as such.  Having sex based on your natural variation cannot be sinful either, especially within the bounds of a monogamous relationship.  Interfering with such relationships pushes people into promiscuity - which is also sinful (both the promiscuity and telling people that they might as well be promiscuous because all their sexual conduct is wrong). Once experience in the real world shows being gay is its own normal for gays, Trads have no argument against them accept protecting the myth that tradition is never wrong. Which is a lie.
I don't quite agree those were the issues, unless you mean to imply that white Catholics are more pro life anti gay marriage uber Catholics than Latino Catholics who went Clinton by a very large margin.
May be there is another way.  Instead of banning transgender soldiers, just do not cover the medical expense of transgender operation in the military.  May be that will reduce the enrollment of potential transgender people from enlisting in the armed forces.
I have many gay friends and not one of them thinks "gay jokes" are funny. Telling a "raunchy" joke is not the same as making fun of someone for who they are. Are you trying to console yourself that you are a "good friend" as opposed to a .....
SSM support among Catholics depends on the poll.  I'd be interested to know what polls you've seen that put opposition to SSM at 70%.  In 2009, Gallup had statistics on whether homosexual relations were considered moral or not.  61% of those who did not attend Church regularly said they were, while 44% of those who attended regularly said they were.  But consider either of those numbers and what they would have been 10 or 20 years ago.  Also consider that younger people are more likely to support SSM.  Do you seriously believe there is anything which will reverse the upward trend in those numbers?  This year's Gallup poll shows record highs in the belief that gay sexual relations are moral.  They also conclude that over time there has been zero evidence of a shift to more conservative beliefs.  There is an even greater gap between what the Church teaches about sex and what Catholics who either go to Church regularly or not believe.
Does it make a difference? Is that the standard for right and wrong? There have not been enough rapes to justify segregated bathrooms? How about the discomfort people, say a woman, feel when naked in the presents of the opposite sex, say a man dressed as a woman? And i'm curious, why do the feelings of transgender folks outweigh the feelings of normal folks?
The question was : "Please name one country where "gaiety" is punishable by death."  Your response was about gays and had nothing to do with gaiety.
Choose? Are saying that being gay is a choice? That's been debunked decades ago. When did you make your choice as to your sexual orientation?
Good point, the NCCM is the same group that provided input on the TDSB's guidebook that deemed any criticism of Islamic politics or culture as Islamaphobic. It's clear the Globe would rather placate groups who believe in (at a minimum) accommodation of political Islam so they publish this piece while ignoring any comments from Tarek Fatah or other reformers like Ayaan Hirsi Ali. The Globe has purposefully ignored any discussion of the social implications of societies government by religious rules, meaning political religion or Islamism. There are 57 members of the OIC (Organization of Islamic Cooperation) at the UN, out of 57 members, how many protect free expression (including satire and comedy), free press, gender equality, and LGBT rights? The Globe would prefer silence over critical analysis, #becauseit's2017
Your post is a bit ambiguous.  To steal a phrase from BC. "it all depends on what the definition of IS is"  If you mean she's a lesbian, my reaction is "so what".  If you mean she's someone who has shown very poor judgment and become romantically/sexually involved with an employee of the District, I agree she compromised her position as superintendent.  Which did you mean?  Gary Crum
...larger than a city or county to prohibit anti-gay discrimination.)  That’s lead Canada (BC + Ont.) to adopt the Civil Marriage Act… in 2005 (Bloc Québécois)
That is because even the Church realizes that you can't legislate morality.  The Church was involved in the gay marriage debate but not because the Church wants to outlaw homosexuality.  The Church was involved in the gay marriage debate because reality cannot be redefined at will by anyone.  Gay marriage is as much an oxymoron as a married bachelor is.  The issue for the Church was "What is marriage."  That is why the Church was involved in that.  The Church was not trying to legislate morality, the Church was saying "Reality cannot be redefined just because certain people are offended by it."
It really depends on which belief system prevails.  It is no coincidence that those who believe a baby isn't a baby until first breath, also believe promiscuity, homosexuality, and transgendering are just fine.  Why is it currently ok to push these beliefs in our public schools with government funds to children.  What's really insidious, is that the educators pretend they are not even belief systems.
Conservatives are not good at moving on. That's why they are still debating same-sex marriage and abortion.
If so , then that can benefit ALL biological males with issues. Transitioning, Gay, or straight. Or do you think it's only a Straight white male concern?
Sexism is part of our society, misogynism is part of clericalism and other male authoritarian networks, homophobe is a common word use to describe people fearful of homosexuals or homosexual input into society.  The word racism needed to be used my Martin Luther King.  It described reality.  All of the words above describe reality.  Those that fear reality see these words as not conductive to a good conversation.  A Racist does not like the world racism.  A misogynist does not like the word misogynism, a sexist does not like the word sexism.  Wake up Rule and Raven and understand that there are bad things that happen in society and they must be described.
First of all, most studies show that there is racism towards visible minorities in Canada, which includes black canadians. And it would be worth all of our while to recognize this, and work towards ending racism and prejudice against everyone.  I support the presence of the Police in Gay Pride.   In Vancouver the overwhelming majority of police are tolerant and supportive of the gay community, and  all  LGBTQ people are relieved when the police show up to protect them from homophobic hatred. Not perfect, but much improved,  very welcome and as it should be.  I find it interesting that Black Lives Matter chose to join the Pride Parade towards the end of the Parade. Joining near where they disrupted the event last year is sort of secondary.   Why not participate in the whole parade?  I think they were afraid of the likely negative reaction of the gay community and their supporters.   Its sad that Black Lives Matter think their rights begin by denying rights of participation to others.
You should check out www.thereligionofpeace.com They keep up to date on all of the attacks in the name of Islam. They also show passages that are used to justify murders in the name of Islam. Muhammed himself beheaded hundreds of people for simply denying the faith. After you do that research, I hope it helps you realize that your neighborhood is filled with people who probably aren't true Muslims or are planting themselves for an attack. Also, another thing to point out is all of your false equivalences.. Timothy mcveigh didn't do the bombing in the name of Christianity, he more or less was doing it as an anti government attack. Compare that to the attacks in Orlando, where he was following the teachings of his religion to kill people for being gay. You do realize that he pledged to ISIS before the attack, right?
I think a theology that addresses homosexuality will inevitably pose certain questions that remain implicit in our generic conversations. For example, are all forms of sexual intercourse expressions of full human dignity?  That question, of course, cuts across the spectrum of sexual experience and is not directed exclusively at the same-sex community. But as long as we think in hetero terms, there is the illusion that opposite-sex couples are all engaging in fully human expressions of human dignity, while others are not. Once we agree to consider same-sex experience, however, the illusion dissolves and we have to ask some hard questions about sex that have been drowned out by pop culture's "anything goes" attitude.  I think we also have to consider whether the idealized versions of heterosexuality and homosexuality, in which everyone wants to get married but the church won't let them, have to be re-examined. I think most people leave the church for selfish reasons, not faith reasons.
The Church shouldn't be ordaining anyone; that only confirms and feeds the clerical culture. Lay people -  female, male, trans, whoever -  should be empowered to preside at Mass. What makes an "ordained" person any more worthy than anyone else?
While there is certainly evidence that minority groups do suffer from unnecessary and unhelpful attention from those in authority, I don't see how doing to a whole group whats been done to you helps anything.    I can understand the tit for tat response, but surely a bit more thought should be given to how to effectively work to end discrimination, achieve a win win  situation.   I find it sad that some people think gaining their rights allow them to disenfranchise  and deny rights to others. Perhaps gay and minority group ..including black officers... and black activists...and someone trained in mediation... might work together to find ways to make everyone feel safe and welcome.   An eye for an eye leads to blindness.
What's sad is that you insist upon making this an obama issue when the entire matter began with the ban on openly gay, lesbian and bisexual service members being found to be unconstitutional by two federal courts in 2010.  A federal appeals court subsequently suspended the "don't ask, don't tell" policy.  In december 2010, the house and senate passed, and obama signed, the don't ask, don't tell repeal act of 2010.  With the court ruling, the writing was on the wall, leading to a more progressive military.  As for your assertion that "obama transformed the military from a fighting machine to social services agency," what, exactly, are you talking about?  A 2014 ucla study estimated that there were 15,500 transgender service members at that time, and that an estimated 134,000 transgender people are veterans or retired from the military.  Do you think they were unable to serve competently?  Maybe it's time to reassess your prejudices.
I am a Catholic man trying to turn it to socialism, although St. Paul, St. James the brother of Jesus and St. Benedict got there first.  It's not a man problem, its boy's club problem (as in the Our Gang He Man Woman Hater's Club - its that silly).  I have a classmate who is a theologian.  His arguments against women being valid vessels for ordination, which is the party line, don't bear any more scrutiny than those put forward by the Institute of Marriage against gay unions in the San Francisco case (that lost on the merits as much as the law).  The Church confuses sexual idealism for truth.  Truth is what we have in real life, not in the pious fantasies of celibates and those who defend them.
Also, where is the outcry from Liberals when homosexuals are stoned or thrown off of buildings?  Just look at what happened in Berkeley last night. A very INTOLERANT Left indeed.
You didn't answer the any of the questions.  Wonder why?   Not sure where you get rudeness or animosity either. I am for gay rights. I'm just also for the rights of business owners. Basically I'm for freedom. Animosity? Because I think your position is weak?
Nope He can make the cake and Jesus will not think that he endorses homsexuals. Hate the sin, love the sinner, right? He could have used the opportunity to preach, maybe get the gays to repent.  "Here is your cake. Have you ever thought that you gays make God mad, by existing?"  I can 100% guarantee that if he made a cake for a gay wedding, Jesus would not think that he is in favor of gays, gay weddings or anything gay or even remotely gay.   It really does not matter if Jesus knows the man did not want to serve the gays.  The Constitution does not grant you the right to not be offended. It also does not grant you the right to discriminate.  He can just not make cakes for all weddings PROBLEM SOLVED
Okay, let's just get this out on the table:   It's common knowledge that Eleanor Roosevelt was a lesbian who had a long affair with a woman named Lorena Alice Hickok. That's why she spent lots of time on the road advancing her own causes and away from what basically amounted to her arranged marriage with FDR. FDR was a man with his own physical needs who had an affair not only with "Missy" Lehand, according to FDR's son Elliot, but also with a woman named Lucy Page Mercer Rutherfurd. FDR and his wife, Eleanor, were both forced by their families to consolidate their corporate merger into a marriage that neither really wanted. Nonetheless, like all couples in pre-arranged or semi-pre-arranged marriages, they clearly felt deep fondness for each other, there's no denying that. The damage deep cultural forces inflict on people's everyday lives can be significant. As a gay person, I know a little something about this - believe me.
inappropriate parties... this is a joke. I'll take my God to a more suitable location for my gay wedding.
Actually, Russia won the election. Democracy lost.  The Declaration says "All men are created equal." (Of course, now we would say "All persons are created equal.") But what does that mean? All people do not have equal intelligence (case in point:  people who believe homosexuality is a mental illness!! ) , equal wealth or privilege, equal physical strength. That is obvious. But all are created equal in the eyes of God and all should have equal opportunity and should be treated equally under the law.
he is, if you have read about any other of his antics, he is definitely unhinged where gay stuff is concerned.   I just have to wonder what other things he is unhinged about?  I also wonder if he isn't protesting too much?  how long until something comes out about his private life?
He said that he supports lgbt rights, lol. My health insurance is going up 30% because of Trump. Trump loves to give tax cuts to his buddies and stick it to me and my middle class family.
Lesbians can only get pregnant with help from a MAN. You know, like one man - one woman?
Members of the church hierarchy fail to understand the underpinnings of the foundation of this country. They want protection from the homosexual "marriage" ruling, they don't want to be forced to pay for contraception and abortion, and yet they are very happy to receive largesse from the Federal Gov't. Once the Church makes a deal with the Devil (Federal Gov't), they will live and die with the consequences of that choice. They can't have it both ways.  A weak Federal Gov't was envisioned by our Founders, with most power residing at the State level, or with the People.   Other than to stabilize an immigrant who happens to be on our soil, non-citizens do not have a right beyond that.
I'm not sure. There hasn't been any court cases involving private schools (even the on-going OGOD case is only involving public schools). In America the standard is that the full constitution applies if you accept any tax-money.  In South Africa the constitution is different though - it prohibits discrimination by private entities as well as public entities and requires private entities to not intrude on constitutional rights same as public ones. So it's possible that the court would find that a private Christian school must allow non-Christian students to join, and respect their religious differences. On the other hand the court has shown a deference to religious beliefs in terms of discrimination before (which is why we don't force churches that oppose it to perform gay marriages) - so it may go the other way. It's a bit of an unknown right now, but I would guess they'd be left alone - if only because other groups have a stronger case against government schools if they can say TBC
During Sessions confirmation hearings for position as a federal judge in 1986, some of his colleagues testified that he made statements they considered racists (i.e. in support of KKK, attacked NAACP, referred to a black colleagues as "boy"), other colleagues testified that they considered his statements as attempts at humor.  As attorney general of Alabama in the 90s, Sessions defended the state's school funding model which was ultimately found unconstitutional because it discriminated against black schools.  He also defended the state legislature's attempt to defund LTGB student organizations on college campuses on the grounds that homosexuality was unlawful.
I agree completely on this.  It would be anti-productive to discuss only homosexuality since heterosexuals and how they judge their own sexuality falsely and harmfully effects how they judge the behaviors of homosexuals.  I also feel until we are treating, ordaining, and finally admitting women are  the same exact creation as men are and equal human beings in every way, homosexuals are never going to be treated as equally human.  Especially, if we consider that even the insults often made towards gay men are made, by using put-downs, men in our church, would also use against women.  Sissy, girly boy, queen, weakling etc.
This bill, perhaps in slightly revised form, will be back next year.  The issue of dying and aging Hawaii will not go away.  We saw this with other untouchable bills dealing with the rights of gay rights.
The state house has a progressive majority, we have an independent governor, the mayor of the largest city is progressive, and now not one, but two openly gay people have been elected to the city council.   Winning starts at the local level. You have to wonder why Murky and Ohio Dan refuse to meet with their constituents.
Where did he challenge Church teaching? He is calling on the Church to actually DO what the Catechism says to do--treat homosexuals with dignity and respect. Part of that means being willing to talk. No where does Fr. M say they Church should perform the sacrament of marriage for gay persons.
How did we even get here? The military is no place for social experimentation based on political correctness or personal civil rights. It's the military, you have the right to follow orders. They have their own laws, their own code of conduct.  I find it hard to believe any federal judge would issue an order requiring the military to enlist and pay for gender reassignment surgery/mental health treatment for transgender individuals wanting to serve. If they do, half the transgender population will join up just for the medical benefits.  It wasn't long ago that their policy was "don't ask, don't tell". It should have stayed that way. Being gay or lesbian in the military shouldn't be an issue, as long as they don't make it an issue, as the ACLU is now doing.
Uh, no.  Transgender-ism is now being moved away from the LBG continuum and into the study of "body - dimorphism" - like anorexics and body builders, what they see in the mirror, does not match what they believe/desire in their head.  Unlike the science behind being gay (various parts of the brain being different from their sex, hormones in the womb, etc.), there is no hard science for TG.  The general guidance on this was started because there is zero correlation between people with conditions like "Kleinfelters" (sp) syndrome, and transsexualism - that is people whose DNA, XX, XY - is opposite from their outward appearance.  The men/women who have been discovered (because they are all sterile) having such conditions show no desire to be transformed to the sex that would equate to their actual genetic make-up. (i.e. the men who are XX, do not want to be women, and vise -versa).  TG people should be given all the protection, etc., we all enjoy, but there is still much to be learned.
You remember a time when no one locked their​ doors and no one was afraid to walk the streets? You must not remember talking to a single black person, Irish person, Chinese person, Italian, Catholic or Japanese person during that time. Or gay people, or people in mixed marriages. Or many women. That time only existed for you because you happen to be a straight, white, protestant Christian male and sorry friend, but the majority of Americans are not all of those things. And I guarantee all of them were locking their doors and were frequently afraid to walk the streets back during your so-called golden years. Edit: Listen, I'm glad you could have that kind of childhood. That's the kind of childhood we should work for as a country to provide to every single American. But it is a total myth to pretend that every American back in the 40s, 50s, 60s, or whatever era has had access to that kind of childhood. And it is a myth to pretend that Christianity provided that childhood in the US.
OK folks, it's high time we put our emotions on hold and look into facts. Just facts. No name calling, no presumption, no phobias.  The fact is until there is a fatwa placed on taqiyya, honor killing, killing homosexuals, etc., there is a stark polarity between Islam and freedom.   I'm not saying any individual had anything to do with the issues I bring up. I'm not calling out the man and his wife as perpetrators of Jihad. I just don't know them. Neither do most of the commenters in this thread.  Christians and Jews have at least let go of their murderous teachings. When there's a crazy fool, they are called out and ostrocized. I do know Islam is behind the terror that grips the world. Of course i know that muslims are most likely to be the targets of Muslim terrorists, but that's not a point of security. Rather the opposite.   It is up to the imams to lead their 1.6 billion followers to a path of world peace.  I suggest you read the Qur'an, see what it is that concerns us.
Lack of social acceptance would increase suicidal urges certainly but your suggestion that all the lack of acceptance is external is inaccurate.   Transgenders couldn't accept what nature made them physically and that's where the depression starts.  You can't legislate social acceptance so why put a transgender in an environment that will harm them further and increase suicidal thoughts/actions?
>>He hasn't done anything wrong yet  Hard to, since other than fake photobombs, selfies,  posing for  magazines, canoeing to "morning shows", LGBT parades and hush-hush settlements... what else is he doing? . One-hand push-ups? .
Yay!- reason for hope!  I find it interesting that, according to Jane Mayer's Dark Money, the extremely wealthy and powerful Dutch Reform family the De Vos of the Amway fortune, are one of the major funders of the "Christian Coalition" and the Conservative in name only movement of the Council for National Policy.  Their issues seem very similar to some of the Supreme Council of the Knights of Columbus are part through their support for the March for Life ... which basically defined "pro-life" as anti-choice legislation.    Perhaps our clerical leadership is starting to understand our official "pro-life" position to be much broader than that ... and is essentially about life with dignity for the full continuum for all God's Children ... including gays, transgender,   I hope and pray we keep evolving and people like Fr. Martin don't loose hope or stop their important work.
I don't think that the RCC is interested in ever reaching out to gay Catholics who are sexually active and who see nothing wrong with their situation.
Despite the implications of this story, Bishop Henry's resignation had nothing to do with the transgender issue. He resigned for health reasons.  See his resignation letter of Feb. 6, 2016 posted on the Calgary Diocese's website: http://www.calgarydiocese.ca/news-events/bishops-blog/resignation-letter-to-pope.html.
Here are some extracts from the Chicago  Sun Times on this subject:  "Hammond began copying files from the organization after confronting Blaine about the email, and complained that she had told donors that SNAP did not engage in “kickback schemes.” Hammond also had access to Clohessy’s email account, and found messages in which he expressed contempt for the church, telling one abuse victim to make a claim against the Archdiocese of Milwaukee, which was then in bankruptcy."  Also on  Clohessy's e-mails, an example  according to Hammond:  “i sure hope u DO pursue the WI bankruptcy,” Clohessy wrote in the email. “every nickle they don’t have is a nickle that they can’t spend on defense lawyers, PR staff, gay-bashing, women-hating, contraceptive-battling etc.”  So this is about protecting children? Seems SNAP has long ceased being a positive agent in dealing this protecting children and uncovering clerical abuse, but is now just another anti-Catholic agent in league with  shysters.
" ... perceive the Democratic Party as a coalition of minorities, public employees and activists promoting access to abortion, gay rights and environmental causes. The gains of members of this coalition are seen as having come at the expense of everyone who is not a part of it, creating a long list of grievances..."  And unfortunately, most members of society *do* make their decisions based on _perceptions_ - not a holistic appreciation of all the facts.  (Esteemed contributors to these opinion boards excepted, of course.)  ;-)
Yes, white people are responsible for the privilege we carry, part of which is due to oppression of other races. Similarly, heterosexual people are responsible for the privilege they carry, part of which results from placing themselves on pedestals they deny to other loves.  As for my knowledge of Christianity, I am a Christian. I'm simply not an Evangelical, which is a modern, Western, anti-intellectual sect, which tends to idolize the Bible as some form of Cosmic Rule Book, rather than actually practice Christ's commandment to love God and neighbor. Having been at the receiving end of Evangelical political hostility for 30 years - right here in Portland - I'm speaking from experience.  If Imago Dei doesn't want to be identified with its Conservative Baptist brethren, it should disassociate from that denomination, and treat women and LGBTQ people as equals. Until it does ... it can expect to be treated like any other right-wing church. Tattoos cover skin, not hardened hearts.
Yes, but it suits the G&M narrative of BLM support by muslims.  Therefore, it is national news.  This allows them to collect another merit badge from the multicultural scout league.  As a gay man, I am sick and tired of seeing these stories about Pride, particularly when it comes to a hate group like BLM trying to take it over.
Sessions claims that the exclusion of transgendered individuals  should not be construed to condone mistreatment of transgender people. So what should it be construed to mean? The Civil Rights Act of 1964 did not specifically limit sex to binary categorization based on biological or chromosomal sex; the Obama administration was correct to point this out. Since all individuals have a sex, whether congruent or not with biology and genetics, exclusion of such individuals does not appear to be justified under any provision of CRA 1964 and immediately creates a population which is not protected from discrimination and mistreatment under the law.
"Gay"?
Another angry rant at someone who is doing no more than reiterate the teaching of Christ's Church throughout its 2 millennia and and prior to that in Sacred Scripture, the very Word of God. This you cannot deny. You constantly create strawman by casting your own spin upon what people write here. How many times do you write, "This is what [N] is actually saying/really means". Those who don't agree with you, you label as liars and bigots. Those who in conjunction with Catholic doctrine find homosexual activity intrinsically distorted as the Church has always taught you accuse of  unchristian discrimination. What do you expect orthodox Catholics to do? Are we to change our minds and deny the Catholic Faith , abandon our Catholic Faith and agree with you that the Church's teaching on sexual morality is wrong and has been for millennia? That as long as 2 people love each other whether in wedlock or not, whether of the same sex or not, anything goes? It's not going to happen, even under PF.
We need to look at the abuse problem holistically.   It's not just a "Church problem".  Consider this news just in about the gay mayor of Seattle.  He's now accused of sexually abusing his own foster SON.  We can't treat sexaul abuse as if it's a church matter alone.  These people are all around us, many in public schools as teachers.  http://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/investigator-found-1984-seattle-mayor-abused-foster-son-n783651
Those that hate Milo will continue to do so.  His fans, will continue to support him. Through all the glamour and bluster, he speaks an important set of truths.  Like the Berkeley riots and the other campus bannings, his star will continue to rise as more and more are exposed to him.   As an aside, what he has accomplished in the area of gay acceptance, is somewhat legendary. Never in my life did I think I could laugh at comments about sucking black d!@k, and otherwise seek out and feel a kinship with members of the homosexual community.
"mobilized against gays rights"  So are we talking about a few evans somewhere in the country, or Jules church? Let's stop the broad sweeping generalizations my friend.
"How can he be a "hater" of LGBT and Immigrants and still go to a show that is so openly pro LGBT and immigrant?"  Exactly! Kind of like how going to church makes you a good Christian, regardless of how you live the rest of your life, right?
I agree with a Colombian priest who wrote a book a few years ago offering that the RCC is a large closet for Catholic males who don't want to come out to their families. Now with a younger generation finding public acceptance of their gift of homosexuality, they have less interest in an RCC closet; hence, decline in vocation. Jimmy Breslin's The Church That Forgot Christ claims the decline in vocation is that the RCC as a cover for pedophilia has been blown.
Sin is behavior that offends God.  People have complete control over the sex acts that they engage in (consider the Ancient Greek homosexual pederast culture); when a person chooses to embrace an attraction to the same sex, it is then that that person is homosexual.  Embrace it or resist it; we all have that choice.  But there is a clear distinction in societal value/harm of those behaviors.
I read it. I would not have summarized it had I not. Chaput is being his usual anti-gay self, and no one should be surprised at that. Nope, I got it right, and you clearly did not understand it.
I don't know if either Francis or the folks at the Institute understand that the families of the future may well include a cloned man married to a transgender woman, with twins from a previous relationship....and variations thereof.
It is also right that gays should be able to order a custom-made cake if that service is offered to all other customers.
This is very true.  Goldman and the Saudi government owned the Clinton's.  I mean how can she honestly say she was pro women and pro LGBTQ when she receives money from those sharia loving countries.  Trump received no funds and was attacked from everyone, but yet still won..  God touched that man, like Cyrus
Slovak need to look at the many times his far-left liberal Muslim President Barack Hussein Obama has stepped over the U.S. Constitution.  What bothers me, is why the Republican party hasn't made any "noise" for calls of Obama impeachment during his tenure  like the Democrats are calling for against President Trump?  The Democrats continue to have this "hangover Presidential loss" in their mental illness attitude towards President Trump who is trying to make America great again for Americans and only Americans.  For our country, and only for our country.        The Liberals are just pist-off that our President Trump is removing all that is considered "political correctness" and into "common sense."  Obama had the homosexual colors light up in the White house, while President Trump change that lighting to blue in honor of our Police force whom Obama condemened continously during 8 years tenure.
So, criticizing things like Sharia Law, hanging gays in Iran, the mass sexual assaults in Cologne, Germany by Muslim migrants and the ISIS genocides against Christians and other minorities is considered "Islamophobic" and everybody mentioning those things should be silenced???
And all the Americans who cried "unfair' and "unnatural" at the Supreme Court ruling that gay marriage is legal in the nation. The same ones who make it their political career to put every block they can to keep citizens from reaping the benefit of that ruling. So the Supreme court ruled citizens could own a military arsenal privately and the rest of us citizens have to suck it up. Not.
Without a change in the church’s teaching on sex and sexuality, can LGBT people ever hope to be treated with equality and justice by the hierarchy?  Indeed!  Can women?  What about the other faithful marginalized by what might be called the prevailing ecclesial  culture?  The editorial speaks of the hierarchy without delving into the culture of that hierarchy.  Alas, the heart of the issue here is that, ultimately, what is really needed is a ‘culture change’ within the hierarchy.  For example, Catholics are going to continue to use artificial contraception in good, informed conscience, and the hierarchy condemns them for it at its own peril.  It is folly to suppose that It is folly to suppose that the hierarchy has the only voice worth hearing on defining what constitutes a relationship driven by love, fidelity, truth and service to the ‘other,’ and issues related to sexual ethics, in theory or practice.
And the two are quite consequently (i.e. the LGBT community, and the moral fidelity to respect, love, and relationship between a man and a woman, are incompatible.) Perhaps, Fr. Martin might want to at least be real. And honest. Does he feel there’s a need for limiting and controlling pools of populations? Does he also feel that this does employ the basis of eugenics within the LGBT Community?
Your vision has worked well for you and your spouse.  It works fairly well for me and my husband not because we are so virtuous but because we happen to be heterosexual and have been blessed with good health, adequate education and loving families of origin.  But I take seriously the experience of those for whom the model doesn't work because they are gay, unable to find a loving partner, didn't have good modeling from adults when they were young, or for whom NFP is unworkable or unsafe because of health problems.
Actually, they are demanding religious weddings in churches across Alaska. Our church made a decision to only allow weddings between verified church members from local churches of similar faith, but that will only protect us for a period of time.  We don't hate or fear homosexuals. We just believe in taking the whole Bible in context and obeying God to the best of our abilities. Homosexual sex is condemned in numerous passages of the Bible, so for God's churches to conduct gay weddings would be for God's people to disobey God. Might as well open bars in the basement and houses of prostitution in the parsonage. God tells us that anytime He imposes a restriction it is because He loves us and wants what is best for us. It is not our place to question that. And ultimately, I trust God far more than I trust you to know what is best for the world.  You can be as angry and insulting as you like, but I will choose to obey God and demand that my church do the same.
Pope Francis alone is not the universal and ordinary magisterium. He has outlined some principles and general ideas which have to be treated with respect but they are not binding. Besides, the Church does not speak indefectibly on the environment or on immigration. Both are the subject of prudential judgement. It can teach broad, general principles about climate change and immigration. The settled, constant moral teachings of the Church - contraception, homosexuality, marriage and divorce - are different.
Excellent and legally sufficient decision by DOJ and US AG. The plain text of CRA Title VII doesn't include "transgender" nor does the legislative history. The 2014 decision by DOJ and US AG Holder was complete legal fiction but great political pandering. The Congress can amend the law if it wishes or let the law remain in place as written. Sessions is absolutely correct about DOJ's interpretation of the law. It's a matter for the Congress to resolve or not.
Mr. Doyle, you say "conservative" as though it were a bad thing? Surely in politically polarized North America you can appreciate Ireland: the only European country that does not have a neo-Nazi party (Nazis were first and foremost socialist), the first country to vote for gay marriage (libertarian - conservative) and still considers the life of the unborn to be a thing worth considering (conservative). I would say that is all a very good thing.
You're conflating two very different things, and showing prejudice as you do so.  Many/Most gay couples I know do not "literally" parade around demonstrating "how great they are."  Like other married couples, they're working, paying bills and taxes, raising children, maintaining their residences.
Did you not read the article you're commenting on? Here's a quote from it:   "allowing transgender troops to serve openly would cost $2.4 million to $8.4 million in additional health care costs annually, a tiny fraction of the Pentagon’s $6 billion health care budget."
IMO, the problem with BLM's approach to Pride is its inherent disrespect for another rights-seeking community. BLM's main agenda, after all, has nothing in particular to do with gay rights. Gay people were in the past beaten up and ridiculed for their sexual orientation, had their relationships discounted or ignored during the AIDS crisis, went for years without having the same workplace benefits and pension and taxation rights enjoyed by their heterosexual counterparts and were discriminated against in employment and housing. But, hey, now that they've achieved some progress on these issues they're apparently just another branch of "white privilege" (whether they're actually white or not). Their struggle, which isn't entirely over, has been co-opted and eclipsed by more fashionable causes, including by the young activists within their own community, who seem to believe that the gay rights they enjoy always existed and are oblivious to the past struggles of their predecessors.
Starting Monday, San Francisco Ethan is tearing down town park square fountain and replacing it with a needle exchange booth, and transgender only bathrooms....
I don't think so, Kim Roblin.  "In its report on Monday, the F.B.I. cataloged a total of 5,818 hate crimes in 2015 — a rise of about 6 percent over the previous year — including assaults, bombings, threats, and property destruction against minorities, women, gays and others.  "Attacks against Muslim Americans saw the biggest surge. There were 257 reports of assaults, attacks on mosques and other hate crimes against Muslims last year, a jump of about 67 percent over 2014. It was the highest total since 2001, when more than 480 attacks occurred in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks.  "Attacks against transgender people also sharply increased."  ~  New York Times, November 14, 2016.
So, the origins of the words "faggot" come from old English, and are a reference to a pile of sticks..used to burn people at the stake. Leaving aside Mr. Van Norman's blatant contempt for feminist theory, this is just an awful, sad justification for an ugly slur with no apparent consideration for impacted men, Gay and Straight, who have been assault with its meaning. If you really want to build a network of stronger men, you can inspire them with love, kindness, and the imperative to serve the community from a place of compassion. Three men in Oregon stepped up this past weekend, and I am assuming, and hoping, that nobody had to call them "faggot" to get them there. May the memory of the two who died be a blessing.
Ms. Slovic:  Wow.  Thanks for this.  I love the disconnect between Bailey attending a somewhat scary church (female submission, anti-gay) and being a progressive.  It shows something hard to define, but not very likable, about his character.  He's kinda wishy-washy.     I, for one, don't want a candidate who acts on woo-woo beliefs and goes to a church that disdains the lifestyles of many Portlanders.  Gay people, co-habitors, feminists should consider whether they want Bailey to lead the city, given his almost schizoid spirituality (my church is great even if the doctrines and clergy are backwards and bigoted).  What does it say about Bailey's intellect that he can hold such self-contradictory ideas?
Hahahaha! You stole my thunder Bob before I had a chance to reply. Since they are a private entity, they have the right to refuse service to anyone. Unless you're a cake decorator/baker that refuses to service a gay marriage, then it's okay to get sued for refusing to provide a service based on their beliefs. We can't have individual thoughts and opinions around here unless they fall into the mainstream conscientious. I support the Rockettes on their stance but I can also support a grass roots movement to boycott mainstream media as well in regards by doing my homework and seeing how much tax breaks these corporations are getting from the feds and demanding (like other big corporate welfare) that they start paying their fair share. If I am wrong, see how much money the film industry gets in tax breaks for coming to film in Alaska. And you thought Corporate America were the only ones on government welfare. See, the sword cuts both ways and it doesn't discriminate.
The military has adjusted to changing social norms in the past.  Blacks, women, gays...all serve (openly) now and we still have the most powerful military in the world.  Maybe the transgendered adjustment is too early right now, but eventually it, and others, will be adopted.    This isn't a fight worth having today.  Many bigger issues with Trump to focus on.  Be patient.
I have a question for those LGBT folks who voted for Trump:  How's that workin' out for ya?  Best,  RTD
Those who favor reinstating transgender identity as a disqualifying condition likely harbor no more ill-will for transgender individuals than they do for those with high blood pressure. Instead, they are concerned with the ongoing military healthcare crisis, personal privacy, and safety of transgender individuals in a theater of war."  No they 100% harbor ill will for transgender individuals. Oh, so people treat people with high blood pressure like they are inhuman, disposable, embarrassments. I totally forgot.  There is no military healthcare crisis.  The military is incredibly well funded. What's more personal and private then being able to transition without being automatically grouped together with those that are mentally incompetent.  War isn't safe you twit.  Sorry to break it to you, but our dysphoria doesn't hinder us in active duty. The thousands and thousands of trans people serving and having served, prove that.  But visible statistics seem to allude you guys.
All form of hate need to be eliminated racism, homophobia, Islamophobia, Anti-Semitism, discrimination against Transgenders. We must get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight Trump and this racist Quebec law!
Of course, you're absolutely correct.  For one example, if the Catholic Church did not have so many closeted clergy and hierarchy, much of this would not be happening.  The vitriol is just astounding.  As for the posters here, I don't know most of them, so I have no clue, but I suspect that you are right on target there, as well.   What I truly don't get is how these folks can fail to understand that no one in a society is safe and secure when we attack any particular group.  When one target is gone, a gang of bullies easily finds another.  Even if someone were to find something unacceptable, why mistreat others for it?  I have yet to find a gay person who has even tried to encourage me to become gay (and I have known and continue to know, many gay people).  How, in the name of all that is good, are gay people any kind of a threat to anyone?
Who are you to decide another's religious convictions, and/or decide that only a Christian has religious freedom? Would you deny a muslim the right to refuse to "honor" a homosexual "marriage" with a wedding cake? It is his right to refuse to be ordered to express another's convictions, instead of his own. It is everyone's right to refuse to associate with anyone for any reason (freedom of association).
PS you and Paprocki know that married gay couples are having sex? You are privy to that information? Wow!
Not exactly homophobe-- one of the leaders of the Alt Right group is Milo Yiannopoulos and the former editor of Breitbart who took over after Steve Bannon left to be Trump's to strategy officer. Milo is a overt gay who flaunts it. After making remarks that pedophiles can help young gays find their way he was taken off the agenda of the CPAC conference http://cpac.conservative.org and he also lost a book deal. He previously appeared in Berkeley where violence broke out. Not all of the Alt Right are racist or white nationalists or supremacists, but it is often hard to tell from what they say. It is true if you take the mix of people involved that they do involve as a group all the things mentioned, but they are not the only people who support Trump. A few Alt Right people are in the cabinet-- Bannon, Steve Miller, and Jeff Sessions but they may not support every branch of the Alt Right tree.
Xavier:  Actually, there's nothing to be accomplished by responding to your angry personal attacks.  Address issues and I'll be happy to have a civil conversation with you on any topic.      If you do, in fact, "feel very much a part of Boise's black lesbian community", I'm sure they're happy to have your support and I honor you for providing it.   BTW: As I've mentioned to you previously, if you find I've made "untrue" statements of fact, please let me know so I can correct them.  I don't intentionally "lie" about anything and I don't want you to have the impression that I do.  Thanks, Gary
I don't know about that -- two charismatic, likable, energetic guys against a dull, homophobic stuffed-shirt.  Maybe Scheer will call up Harper and ask to borrow the fuzzy sweater and the kitten! But more seriously, Singh will take votes from Liberals, not Conservatives.  The thought of the centrist/left vote being split and leaving us with Harper Redux is nauseating.
Sarah,  Very articulate article; well written, incisive, well supported, thoughtful.   Without the usual tabloid pseudo-english and irrelevant anecdotes. Whether you agree with trans-people being in the military or not; it is just another example of Trump's M.O.: find a minority, pick on them.
I'd suggest that this writer, this particular man, has not and never will experience police treatment that so many black queer people do in Toronto. It's one thing to praise police in a tolerant state, but another to presume knowledge about un-lived experiences of others. Toronto police will no doubt earn their place at Pride. They haven't done that yet.
Orthotoxic is a word used to describe people like you. People who say "You shall love your neighbor as yourself, unless that neighbor is LGBT. That neighbor you should loathe." People who say "Man was made for the Sabbath, and the letter of the law gives eternal life".  Paprocki is upholding the teaching of his bigoted heart, which is not the teaching of the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church teaches that we must love everyone, and not reject them. Paprocki is a bigot, and like Pandora, you support him in his bigotry. Divine mercy says accept gays, do not reject them as Paprocki does.
CUE:  "P O S T I T U T E."   LOLL....why do i find it funny that YOU would know this term... heard it before, have ya?      urban dictionary meaning "I wish Luke would post something useful some time. He's such a postitute." and that was the nice definition.. there are others pertaining to homosexuality...  and  - you really have no idea how a statement regarding a prostitute has any relevance in this story, do you?
This article is an example how idealism makes us vulnerable to romantic primitivism. A psychological vulnerability that causes us to vilify everything modern and progressive while romanticizing everything primitive and barbaric. We are conditioned into this flawed form of reasoning by prenatal experiences of floating in our mother's amniotic fluid. It is the cause behind Garden of Eden myths every ideology has.  Israel is a modern secular state. Human rights are evident in Israel. Women enjoy relatively equal rights. Gays have parades. Muslims can live there and publicly engage in dissent. It is the Enlightenment's foothold in the Middle East.   The West Bank and Gaza are Islamic terrorist territories . Women are murdered for not being obedient . Gays are thrown to their deaths off  buildings. Dissenters are murdered and hung from light posts. Yet Mr. Kaplan, and those sharing his political ideology, see Israel as the oppressor and Palestinians as the victims.
Good point.  That brings rise to gays, lesbians, transvestites, and the "X" crowd.
It’s easy to get caught up in the deeply flawed character of Donald Trump. We also need to recognize the policy catastrophe of this presidency. This past week Trump ordered an end to the Obama-era executive action that shielded around 800,000 young undocumented immigrants – often called Dreamers – from deportation under what’s been known as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. Look at other of Trump’s recent policy decisions and you see the same arbitrary and unnecessary cruelty. What’s the point of banning transgender people from military service? Of siding in court with a businessman who doesn’t want to sell his services to gay couples? Of weakening the standard for responding to sexual violence in universities? Of banning Syrian refugees and reducing by half the number of refugees admitted to the United States? There is no point, in terms of policy. None of these decisions makes America safer or economically stronger or fairer.
I don't recall EVER seeing Bp. Paprocki say any such things.  Please provide where he said gays should be "hated, feared, shunned, and rejected." If you cannot....you really should stop putting words in his mouth.  Perhaps, although you disagree, you should actually read what he said.  ALL of it.  And gotta say...you for sure don't seem to be very loving at all.
DeVos stood up for LGBTQ rights against Sessions and was overruled by Trump. She was told to either resign or get on board with this oppressive rollback of civil rights. When Sessions pulls the same thing with legal weed you libertarian stoners will be howling. Conservatives always come up with "solutions" to problems that don't exist in order to further their regressive agenda, e.g. all these laws designed to combat non existent "voter fraud" which are really thinly disguised attempts to suppress the minority vote. All this nonsense about trans people attacking little girls in bathrooms is exactly what they said about gay men thirty years ago. There is not one incident of such a crime on record. Let people use the bathroom of their choice and mind your own business!
Reality has a liberal bias. Global warming is happening. Conservatism says it's not. Not allowing gays to get married is the taking away of constitutional liberties, as the Supreme Court asserted. Conservatives say it doesn't. Trickle down economics with big tax breaks doesn't work (just ask Kansas). Conservatives still insist it does.   Just because there's more people willing to escape reality doesn't mean universities should embrace ideology-based lies. Campuses should be a place where ideas - even those that offend or are wrong - can be exchanged. But don't expect those institutions to embrace them and a regressive civilization.
If anything, there are fewer obstacles for gays in Oregon.
God is the judge, and according to his words homosexual acts are sinful.  If God did not state this then no none would have an issue with this matter.  I am not homosexual, or  any of my family members, so quite frankly it does not affect me.   Would judging a person that steals or any other sinful act  lead me to the wide road as well?   I'm judging a sinful  act, not the state of ones soul.  Get your facts straight.
The Southern Baptists are a product of the Civil War when they split with Northern Baptists over slavery. They are the second largest denomination in the US and are particularly virulent in their homophobia. Equality for women fairs poorly with them as well.  The Conservative Baptists broke with the Northern Baptists in the 40's (?) because that group (now the American Baptists) were too liberal. Conservative Baptists are certainly homophobic and misogynistic (IMHO) but much lower key than the Southern Baptists. Western Seminary on Mt Tabor, Imago Dei and Hinson Baptist Church (the originator of the ex-gay group the Portland "Fellowship") are local examples of Conservative Baptist congregations. Because of their reputations, both Southern and Conservative Baptists churches who are trying to appeal to young, urbanites will often drop the "Baptist" from their logos to brand themselves as "independent" and all.
Please provide accurate statistics to support your calumny against gay priests. Certainly, the neoconservatives tell us that there is no such thing as a gay priest, or indeed a gay person! Since Natural Law and human reason makes it abundantly clear that all people are created heterosexual. Same-sex attracted people are heterosexuals behaving in an objectively disordered manner ... and a small stint in reparative therapy will sort this disorder out in no time.
Lesbians have the lowest incidence of HIV/AIDS, so can we assume lesbian relationships are at the top of your list of "approved" couplings?
Is one of them gay?
Men and women do the things you fantasize about, but they are not transgender.  If a predator enters the bathroom of the opposite sex, this ordinance doesn't address it.  There are already laws on the books about that.  You want to freak out about individuals who you don't understand and try to project your possible predatorial tendencies on others.  There's a diagnosis for that and you're the one that needs help.
That is consensual sodomy, Lawrence v. Texas. Only Scalia dissented. Perry ensured the right to gay marriage in all states, meaning that the civil right to marriage from Loving v. Virginia also applies to homosexuals as a protected class. While M.J. can certainly use rhetoric about these issues, even in elections, it is a falsehood to say that Trump can do anything about these issues in the political process. They are constitutional law. (in reality, he probably does not really want to, so the rightists are deluding themselves), like on overturning Roe.  This has nothing to do with warming or the Holy Sees support in doing something about it. On this issue, the Pope speaks not only as Pastor but as a Head of State.
Let me gt this straight, Jerry Prevo, the pastor of a Christain church who says he can;t hire gay people is endorsing a two time divorcee and adulterer? Jerry can I show you what the bible says about those sins?
"LGBT Catholics are called to treat those in power with respect, compassion, and sensitivity" - Well, in the words of SNL's "Church Lady":  "Isn't that special!"  Poor Martin, his book arrives just as news from the Vatican rocks the church that not since the days of the Borgia popes, high ranking members of the Roman curia are romping around in naked gay bacchanals in the private apartments of a cardinal!  James Martin's argument for compassion for the self-loathing, hypocritical hierarchs would have more punch and salience if most hierarchs and priests didn't have to lie every day about the fundamental truth of their lives.  I seem to remember that Jesus said: "You will know the Truth, and the Truth will set you free."  Apparently for Martin and for most priests and hierarchs, they need to understand that the "Truth" [will first make you miserable.]
"My notion of democracy is that under it the weakest shall have the same opportunities as the strongest... no country in the world today shows any but patronizing regard for the weak... Western democracy, as it functions today, is diluted fascism... true democracy cannot be worked by twenty men sitting at the center. It has to be worked from below, by the people of every village."                                         - Mahatma Gandhi -    There's still plenty of racist and religious hatred but there's a hidden hatred most North Americans don't want to talk about - the hatred of the poor, the homeless, disabled,  elderly, weak and ugly.   A result of women, gays, and ethnic minorities rising on the social economic ladder, low income folks have been pushed further down the ladder. A comparatively new trend, it's been given less attention than racism and anti-Semitism. For that reason, it's become acceptable, therefore more insidious and dangerous to social harmony.
Hmmm...I do see mention of Gina D. being a single mother at age 17...of course, that's emblematic of her heterosexuality, isn't it...so that's OK...although it seems just as irrelevant to me as the mentions of homosexuality you object to in this story...or...is there a hidden agenda???
I am concerned about the future of America as I read these comments. Many of you are bashing FOTF as being a hate group because they have a view that is different than yours. You don't like that they publicly state that they are opposed to gay marriage, etc. They are simply stating their views. But, you feel it is perfectly acceptable to call them haters, while you want everyone to accept your view that gay lifestyle and gay marriage are fine (I don't disagree). Why is your position better than theirs? They don't want to embrace your lifestyle, and don't want it acknowledged by the government. You don't want them to stifle your ideas of a lifestyle, and don't want them to share their views. Seems like many who espouse "embrace diversity" only wish to do so when it matches their views. Why can't we all treat others the way we wish to be treated? Let people have different views than you. Work to get gay marriage recognized. Don't hate; sway people to your position with reason.
So sad to see all those people defending misogyny and homophobia. Such sad, naive people.
"...But The Baker did not refuse to serve either one. He only declined the use of his "art work" to create something he found offensive. And it wasn't the "gays" in general he found offensive; it was the "art work" they wanted him to create." . False. The transaction had not even gotten to the point of discussing any specifics of the design when he made his refusal. He made it clear then and has made it clear since that it was the event he found offensive rather than any proposed design element(s).  . You may be confusing this case with another case that was in the news at about the same time. In that other case, the baker refused to decorate a cake with what he considered "hate speech". He did offer to sell the customer the same cake without those decorations and the supplies to add the decorations themselves. The courts found in favor of the baker.
"Only Justice Roberts adhered to the conservative principle of deferring to the legislature". This is indeed a staple of originalist jurisprudence--with a significant caveat: that the statute at issue is constitutional.  AFCA was blatantly unconstitutional, and the contortions into which Roberts bent himself were beyond intellectually and legally embarrassing {finding that the penalty for not purchasing health insurance wasn't really a penalty, but a tax; notwithstanding that the administration, i.e., the proponents of the law, argued that it was not a tax.}. More significantly, why does the author characterize the Garland scenario as a "brutal wrong". Garland almost certainly would have ruled against DOGMATIC Catholic teaching on the two issues of most concern to the serious Catholic--abortion {infanticide} and homosexual marriage. What--pray, tell--is so "brutal" about that.
Oh, what a great man.  He casually tosses off a "good luck" to the citizens of Corpus Christi, TX as they face the category 4 hurricane bearing down on them, after disallowing the enlistment and service of transgender personnel in the armed services, and pardoning one of his fellow racists.  His depravity apparently has no limits.
There are very few things he could do to alienate his hardcore supporters. All I can come up with is him advocating for gun control, stating that he supports abortion, or him stating that Muslims and gays have the same rights as the rest of us.
First off, there is no such thing as a gay wedding cake. Flour, sugar, butter, eggs, cocoa powder (optional), or baking powder do not have a sexual orientation. But, if a gay couple wants a wedding cake from you, and you make them for others, under Colorado law, you better make it for a gay couple. As I and others already pointed out, legally, ladies nights are discriminatory. Try harder next time. PS: 20 states still allow gay people and couples to be discriminated against. Maybe you ought to consider a move.
That does not offer any clue as to how you can blame Hillary Clinton, a supporter of gays, as responsible for a man slaughtering gays. Literally makes no sense.
Says you.  It is a heteronormative narrative that decided what is "the natural course for the human species."  Christ clearly stated that love, and only love, is the "natural course" for human fulfillment.  And the fact is that there are innumerable scores of gay couples who are adhering to this natural course by the sacrificial and self-giving love they have for each other.  That is their experience; that is their testimony.  Abstract theological principles, divorced from human relationships, do not stand a chance of succeeding.
Whether you are guy, bi, trans, straight, nobody cares.  Using your orientation, as if it makes any difference, or because of that, your opinion counts more--it does not.
http://xianleft.blogspot.com/2017/08/four-reasons-for-cake-bakers_17.html  There are for ways of looking at the motivations of fundamentalist Christian cake bakers who wish to avoid providing services for gay weddings. One reason is that they think that society allowing gay weddings will bring on divine vengeance.  Frankly, there are a lot of things, like atomic weapons and capitalism that are more likely to that, but the reality is that Jesus said that God does not punish people with natural disasters, which he made clear in Luke 13:1-5 regarding the Tower of Siloam. If that is your logic, bake the cake. The world will not explode.
An alleged drug party is an esotericum; the plights of millions of gay teenagers is not.
A married man would have a better understanding of marriage than an unmarried man, gay or straight.
A birth, will most likely occur, after the pregnancy.  A pregnancy will interfere, with combat service, and is usually, only a temporary medical condition.  A child is born.  Transgender surgeries, can have more lifetime complications, compared to child births, for  mothers & children.  When entering a military service, with a medical clean bill of health, would mean that any sicknesses or injuries that occurred during the enlistment, would become a disability after separation & discharge.
Garry Wills sees the naming of Peter as a nickname (Rocky, as in rocks in the head), whom he almost immediately calls Satan for suggesting that Jesus save his own life rather than sacrifice it in the Passion. The two cannot be separated. That the gates of Hades will not prevail is a sign of Peter being a change agent, not an agent of Orthodoxy. As far as who Peter is now, Barthalomew is as good a bet as Francis.  Cardinal Blase is the voice of compassion as well as reason, which is needed in a city with a neo-liberal mayor.  I will leave it to others about priests playing dress up. Still, I believe they are asexual, not gay.  I doubt Fallwell’s funders are outraged. They probably have use of the flophouse. One can only hope the next hurricane stops there before parking over Mar-a-Largo.  That’s two alt-right down, one to go. They all seem to look upon getting sacked as liberation. Time to liberate Stephen Miller.
Wow, Klastri, didn't know that you supported the LGBT agenda; Liberty, Guns, Bible, and Trump. Very good...you're making progress.
In the United States of America, 'mental illness' is defined when a group of Psychiatric professionals gather in a convention and vote on what is or is not 'mental illness'.  These votes are then translated into a book.  The current version is "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th. Edition. Better known as the DSM-IV"  This is how homosexuality was removed as a mental disorder back in the 60's and how Aspergers was replaced with Autism Spectrum Disorder in the now-published DSM-V.  The last is causing problems because of the re-definition voted in, especially insofar as Federal funding is concerned.  The 'science' of  such nonsense is vague at best and subject to personal biases at worst.
re: "homosexuality in the clergy has become the norm"  Surely you know that homosexuality in the clergy has been the norm since long before V2? Or perhaps in your mind deeply closeted gays are not true homosexuals?
I just found out I'm a woman trapped in a man's body. Fortunately, I'm a lesbian, too!
<The people of God are not the Magesterium.> The People of God have their own magisterium, proper to them, and they have pronounced unambiguously in rejecting the teaching of Humane Vitae. The bishops can pound their fists and stomp their feet, but this ship has sailed.  The formal teaching of the Catholic Church about contraception is wrong. So is the teaching about homosexuality and masturbation. We shouldn't equivocate about this any longer. The teaching is wrong, and dangerous.
People are definitely confusing Apples and Oranges.  By the slant of this story, this "exemption" from meeting regular immigration requirements is only for those people who could not otherwise qualify to enter Canada. Otherwise they'd just apply through the regular process and never mention their sexuality.  So just as we try to screen/assess any other applicant who does not qualify for admission to Canada under regular processes, and might qualify under an exception category, so must this category of person be screened/assessed to see whether they are actually escaping gay persecution, or whether they just trying an end-run on the system that would otherwise keep them out of Canada.  When you make exceptions to your primary rules, you also need to be able to test them so that otherwise undesirables don't slip through the net.  No more tears please about people who can't get into Canada for whatever reason. There are numerous other civilized countries that will let them in.
This is a tough one - the brother should definitely say his piece, own his own relationship with his sibling and then mind his own business.  As an adult with a Dad I'm not tremendously close to (urban liberal gay son/rural conservative Alberta dad), I just decided after decades of trying to mix oil and water that it's better to get to a functioning, loving relationship on terms that make sense for me and I **think** him (cause well your Con/AB/rural Dad isn't a guy to chat about feelings or relationships....).  Chat on the phone once a quarter or so, see a few times a year in person and always end every interaction with "I love you Dad".  He knows I'm there for him and all he has to do is ask. Oh and I refuse to chat politics/lifestyle beyond a gentle ribbing we both do.  And for the record, he's OK with his son being gay and has met/likes my Husband.
It's up to you how you vote but a political ideology promoting abortion, homosexual "marriage" and transgenderism is not a party I could vote for in good conscience.
I'm at a loss. I would lose what?  What the Catholic Church believes and teaches are what we as faithful Catholics are to believe and live. The conversation which the homosexual community wants to have and drive forward is to accept their behavior. If we don't and wish to hold to our Christian values, they wish to drive us out of business, to deprive churches of tax-exempt status and to embrace a lifestyle which is harmful to our eternal souls.   None of this is to deny a homosexual that they are a person loved by God as any other human on the face of the Earth. That is the dignity with which they are to be treated. Homosexual behavior, as with any other sinful behavior, moves us away from God, and as we turn our back to Him, we cast our own shadow and live in its darkness. I would love for everyone to turn to God and live in His light.  As for Dawkins, in his world there is no objective truth, be it from Creation's beginning to the miracles happening today. I feel sorry for him.
I think this editorial encapsulates the fact that Canada isn't a hotbed of hate crime while at the same time noting that it does occur. More problematic is the fact that few recent articles discuss hate complaints by type of incident, such as physical violence or destruction or defacement of property, which are crimes in and of themselves. A Stats Can report released a few years ago indicated that members of the LGBTQ community were (are?) more likely to be violently assaulted than are members of other targeted communities. Is this still the case? It's my understanding that in some U.S. jurisdictions the commission of an act of physical violence or a threat of such against a person or persons or the targeted destruction or defacement of property is a precondition for consideration of an incident as a hate crime. What is the standard in Canada? It would be helpful to know this.
I would say that both sacramental unions and the concepts of order and disorder are human inventions.  The former is inspired while the latter is sophistry.  People fall in love on their own terms, not the terms of a celibate clergy and if they are not simply exploiting each other, there is no sin.  Indeed, even without a priest, they may be  sacramental or at least sacerdotal.   Should the Church minister to these people? Of course.  Do most of them care if this happens? No. Do they care at all what Cardinal Burke and his compatriots think? Definitely not. Does God care what Burke et al think? Not in the way Burke hopes He does. God cares that we treat each other with love, both in irregular unions and dealing with them.  God is with the lovers, not the accusers.  I hope the book helps priest sort themselves out on this, especially when families demand that their gay sons' marriage be blessed. It will be a trend none can stop.
And so people of Canada, with Alceste help you see the clarity of the issue. Don't go away angry, Alceste, just go away. I"m going to quote Ayaan Hirsi Ali here, hopefully it'll make it through the G&M censors and will make an impact on Alceste: “Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the West) tolerate another culture's intolerance. If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity. And we need to say unambiguously to Muslims living in the West: If you want to live in our societies, to share in their material benefits, then you need to accept that our freedoms are not optional. They are the foundation of our way of life; of our civilization – a civilization that learned, slowly and painfully, not to burn heretics, but to honor them.”
Odd. There is no finding" that gay marriage is the best thing ever for any society, yet we all supposed to accept legal rulings saying it is? But not ones that say shifty folk cannot come in from shifty lands? You have to go to grad school to logic that way.
Men and women aren't equal.  People are not equal.  And abortion (aka "women's rights" in the mainstream media) is the killing of babies.  Homosexuality is a mental illness and we should be  funding research into its cure.  Trump won the election.  Democracy won.  Get over it.
This is just a blatant attempt at discrimination based on the most baseless and disgusting bigotry that transgender people are all secretly child-molesters. Hint: they're not. Fact: Multiple independent sexual assault groups have done studies about predators and they haven't found a SINGLE CASE of a transgender bathroom predator.  Everyone in defense of these laws always tries to paint the "think of the children!" argument, while thumping their particular "holy" book. Nevermind they still send their child happily off to church where (depending on sect) 7-41% of priests in a particular area HAVE been accused of sexual assault. From 01-10 the Vatican investigated 3,000 priests over 50 years.  Care about the children? Start looking in the right place and quit slandering the names of decent folks who are just living their lives how they want to live.
That's RIGHT! Good headline. Not an LGBT or lesbian couple. Just A COUPLE.
Thank you - I am "enlightened".... and don't need your "suggestion" as offered.  http://www.uscatholic.org/node/5083 This article ends with this paragraph -  ".......The recent response from Rome, which will create a structure called a "personal ordiniariate" led by a priest or bishop, will allow Anglican Catholics to maintain their liturgical traditions and clergy. The invitation presumes, however, that these Anglicans accept not only the Roman position on the ordination of women and on the question of homosexuality, but also the Marian and papal dogmas, along with the Catholic understanding of the Eucharist."  And you may want to look up the definition of "assertion" - since I asked questions and did not make statements.
Dear Not Chris - if Caucasian male is gay or trans there might be a chance  (he/she/ze might have a chance) please note I avoided using a personal pronoun  in case i get the wrong gender neutral pronoun and then get arrested by the Thought Police
The Church refers to the LGBT “orientation”, quite much the direction in having in it as much as the Titanic setting out a course on the wrong footing, with the lessening of lifeboats (and I imagine preserves as well), wherefore other engineering factors were neglected in the construct of the vessel set out at sea. The Church as well refers to the negligence of the LGBT Community. Mainly it doesn’t work that way. Children, life, exists biologically between two opposite sexes.....
As the sister of a gay man who came out of the closet in the 80s I've been defending him for the past 30-something years. If you think the families of gay people haven't been walking the walk, think again. I also have a gay nephew who I now support. But one thing I won't supporting this year is the Pride parade.
BLM and Gays are the most bigoted grandstanding groups in Canada.
Well Syrian refugees right?, notwithstanding the other things about Trump, Clinton is horribly naïve to believe Syrian refugees want to live the "American dream" and will respect things like transgender bathrooms and homosexual rights -- no surprise a common phrase in Israel concerning Americans dealings with islam is "I told you so"
There is a "Third Way". That way is the independent Catholic movement, called by Pope Francis as "parallel Churches." I am not a Roman Catholic priest, but I am ordained in the Apostolic Succession. We celebrate Mass and offer the other sacraments. We minister to those whom Rome cannot or will not serve, like women who want to be ordained, and same sex couples who want to marry. Locally, we have celebrated a number of baptisms where the Roman churches have refused to baptize the children of unmarried couples and gay couples, or imposed other hurdles like requiring attendance at classes and exacting fees for baptisms. Working families often can't get the time off for classes and cannot afford the fees. We are all laborers in the Lord's vineyard, regardless of canon laws, magisteriums, or general conventions. Serving people comes before institutional integrity!
Solution: Go to a gay baker...
Fr. Martin is right to admonish Christians that we all sin, and that we all need forgiveness.  I agree that, to the extent he wishes to have us accept homosexuality as good and normal, he acts contrary to his Church.
Well, it's the same and it's not the same, depending on how we look at it.  Ravenously consuming fake news, creationsim, the anti-vaxxer movement, the truther movement and, yes, transgenderism all require rejection of external reality in favor of an internal, preferred reality.  In this, they are the same.    As St. Thomas Aquinas  demonstrates, "[T]ruth is defined by the conformity of intellect and thing; and hence to know this conformity is to know truth. …. When [the intellect] judges that a thing corresponds to the form which it apprehends about that thing, then first it knows and expresses truth."  Transgenderism is different because, unlike these other embracing of falsehood (except perhaps creationism), it touches what is essentially, substantially human.  Because it is substantial, it underlies human nature and, in the case of transgenderism, undermines human dignity.  In this, transgenderism is even more damaging to the entire notion of truth than the other falsehoods at play.
I spent seven years in the seminary and many of those men were ordained. Yes, many. It is no secret that many, many ordained priests are homosexually (or heterosexually) active.
It goes to anger and hatred.  Which stem, in no-small part, from our two-party political system, which divides our society into 2, and that division forces a lot of us into one "camp" or the other.  It then becomes conservatives vs. liberals, gun lovers vs. gun haters, black vs. white, straight vs. gay, and so on.  This division panders to the human ego, and people become convinced they must defend their fragile psyches from external attacks.  That creates the insecurity and fear that is so-often reflected, even in the comments on this site.
Last year some gay guys put on Buraqs for Hallowe'en and were met with a vicious backlash accusing them of Islamophobia and racism. . But if they had been dressed horny Catholic nuns it would considered all in good fun
If you were born with a male body, a male spirit inhabits that body.  If you were born with a female body, a female spirit inhabits that body.  If you try to change the physical body to the opposite gender, that will NOT change the gender of the spirit body.  How many transgender really do the operations necessary to change their gender?  How many are school-age?  The ones that do, should identify with their new gender, even though their spirit body still identifies with the former gender.
The pope has indicated that the Church has become obsessive about culture war issues:  “We cannot insist only on issues related to abortion, gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods," Francis told his Jesuit interviewer. "I have not spoken much about these things, and I was reprimanded for that.  It is not necessary to talk about these issues all the time."  The pope has said that the Church must go to the margins, to accompany people.  How does Lady Paprocki's dictum advance that?  All it will do is drive families from the Church, and cause tremendous hostility.
Why stop the fight at gay marriage? Why not fight for the dissolution of straight marriage and for promoting poly-amorous marriage? You don't get it. You don't understand why anyone would be opposed to gay marriage do you?
Aaaaaaah...the difference is I have nearly all of my life LIVED in predominantly black and brown neighborhoods, whereas you probably couldn't FIND one.  That means I will value my own experience over your hysteria.  Sorry, that's just how it is.  PS: Palestinian buddy of mine runs a restaurant right next door to a tea-shop catering to "gay" clientele.  Within walking distance of UNM at Albuquerque.  His food is good and he does a brisk business with an overwhelmingly Muslim clientele.  I once asked him about the tea-shop next door.  His reply was to shrug his shoulders and say, "between them and Allah".  But same question to you: how to the sled-necks in the Matsu react to those "socially different"?  We got an eyeful of that when Amy Dumbitchsky initiated a hate-campaign against an African-American Muslim neighbor.  Another embarrassing black eye for Alaska.  As if Palin and Young weren't enough.
I refuse to watch anything on TV infested with Leftist Progresivism. Its all designed to destroy America in its original form, as founded. Introducing fake social justice issues and debauchery in order to corrode morality and sow division between Americans...is what the Progressive Left does...its incrementalism, they chip away a little at a time, they get you to accept the next one little change, then they go for the next, and on and on it goes until they have stripped the nation of everything it once was, and ends in socialism...then worse in the long run.   The NFL is under attack by anti-American Leftists. When it fights back rather than capitulate to the Leftists, I will watch again. But for now...nope! I wont watch any TV that has a social justice message or excessive gay content more than the 3-5% of actual gay people in the country.
It only took a few thousand to hijack Germany, impose martial law and create space for the sadists, racists, misogynists, anti-humanists, and the fearful, hateful, and angry to take out their frustrations on those who no one wanted to defend -- it started with political opponents (the 'left', the liberals, the socialists -- those so hated here on the Globe and Mail by the bitter 'right'), it spread to homosexuals and intellectuals, and then the disabled.  Then they imprisoned the Gypsies, Slavs and then those who were Jewish.    The commentary here on liberals, on welfare 'cases', on immigrants, on increasing miminmum wages at times has the same hateful rhetoric that allows some hate-filled racist to march down south.  We have no higher moral ground when we allow commentary that categorizes everyone by one characteristic-- whether their race, origin, gender, sexuality or class/status/income.
A couple of things interested me about this case. First the plaintiff. I googled her and took a look at her social media. I agree if she is an agent for the RCC, they couldn't have picked one so far removed.   According to her FB profile, she is Jewish. She is transgendered and works for an LGBT newspaper in Chicago with EXTREMELY liberal views. I mean so liberal they make the NYT look like Breitbart. Seems to have thrown herself into her job too. According to her Linked In, she won four journalism awards for investigative reporting. I had to look twice at this but her paper published an article where she describes donating one of her kidneys to a reader. Other stories written about her suggest she is known for social justice activism.   That said outside of her Linked In I found absolutely zero information confirming her employment at SNAP. If she was involved in fundraising you'd think there'd be some electronic footprint. Interesting IMHO.  Cont...
That is the real travesty here:  the largest group to suffer, gay men, have fought the hard battles for decades and endured many abuses and indignities to get LGBT to a point of being broadly accepted in western society.  In fact more than accepted, it's a non-issue for most folks.  It is sadly ironic that despite this work, the risks, the raids, the bashing etc; they're now being abused and denigrated by those who have ridden on their coattails.
Yes, Paul was a Pharisee who never left his old  "conservative" ideology behind even when he converted. It is very disheartening to live with the fact that the Catholic Church has not learned its lesson. For centuries it demonized and dehumanized the Jews. The Nazis used the same tactic in their horrific "Final Solution". Now the Church is targeting the LGBT community with the same demonization and dehumanization of the past making them somehow "less than human" just as the Jews were "less than human". All reputable and peer reviewed medical and scientific sources regarding homosexuality are NOT in accord with the opinions coming from the Church and its conservative allies. So straight people have the option of getting married if they refuse to be single. Gay people have NO such option except to remain celibate their whole lives if they want to be "saved".
Does Trudeau even deserve credit for 'un-breaking' a promise?  He already promised the small business tax cut and until now was ostensibly not going to follow through on it.  And the irony of the gender-based measures is that we could see run on trans-gender applications, by white male CPC members!
Of course it is about hate and intolerance... And a lack of understanding of the real challenges faced by people who are transgendered, hermaphrodites, etc. And what about dads with their young daughters, mothers with their young sons, special needs or disabled caretakers, someone helping their aged mother or father? Do I now have to carry my birth certificate with me if I look a little feminine?
When you've finished rapsodizing on relational human sexuality perhaps you can ground yourself in the real world, like the rest of us.    How can I put this?  You have a strong (very strong) preoccupation with sex, and it is skewing your moral vision for humanity.  The unity God seeks for us, above all, is the union of self-sacrificing love; homosexual unions are as capable of this (and, therefore, of holiness) as their hetero-counterparts. How? Well, it isn't that great a conundrum: human beings are at the centre of both relational types; as ALL such beings are capable of this kind of love, then ALL human relationships can be morally good.  Why must you judge every relationship on sex? Oh, I forgot: you're preoccupied with it, aren't you?  You are judging the moral permissibility of loving homosexual unions on nothing more sophisticated than your dislike of them. Morality doesn't work this way: it isn't determined by your sexual affectivities (much less your sexual proclivities).
The draft reverses former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature initiative on transgender rights, which instructed public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms matching their gender identity. ======= It makes the world safer.
There are very few people who are really transgendered with chromosomal abnormalities. Others who feel between genders would benefit from therapy..less drastic than genital mutilation followed by a lifetime taking hormone therapy
RD doesn't want to have to treat his gay brothers and sisters decently. He claims that his discrimination is what God wants. Once again, his claim of being a Christian is in doubt.
Good for Trump. The military does not need to fill their ranks with emotionally ill people. Nobody questions the fact that a woman with anorexia is emotionally ill. She can have a body that is literally skin hanging on bones yet Nobody can convince her that she is anything but fat. The same issue affects Transgender people. There is no doubt they believe they are trapped in the wrong body but as many many top psychiatrists have said, cosmetic surgery is not the proper treatment. Of course anyone who would suggest this is "hateful" and "phobic" according to the Left.
Anytime a mass shooting happens my heart breaks just a little bit more. I'm surprised it's still ticking. I'm not gay but it upsets me just as much when a LGBQT person is a victim of a hate crime as it does when there are mass shootings or acts of domestic terrorism anywhere. It's so un-unecessary. Banning guns isn't the answer. That just makes scared people more scared and can actually raise the probability of an accidental shooting. I think it's silly when people second guess the reactions of the victims too and think they would have been saved if they had a gun. I think in many of these scenarios there would have been more wanna-be dead hero's if people were carrying concealed weapons.  I also think it's mean to shame victims. There is no easy answer except to hope that people will calm down,take a prozac or smoke a bowl if they need it and stop hating people.
First they came for trans Americans. Who will be next?   The journalists.
The media and Clinton campaign didn't "talk" about Hillary's "ideas" much for two reasons primarily: 1} The majority of Americans reject them {e.g. abortion on demand, homosexual marriage, affirmative action, "free" trade, confiscatory tax rates,  Orwellian regulation}, and 2} Her consistent and pathological lying about a myriad of topics {e-mails, Benghazi, the Clinton foundation} kept the leftist press embedded in the Clinton muck.
Thanks so much for the report on what's being said on EWTN. It's tragic the "homosexual priests" canard is still be promulgated by these hate groups.
Pope Francis: "Gee, Don, we agree on so many things: We are both against abortion and same sex marriage, and we both support religious freedom. I also know that most Catholics voted for you, so, since I want to smell like my sheep in the U.S., I, too, support you. And by the way, I'm really going to enjoy working with Mrs. Gingrich."
FYI, Richard, although it was a monarchical government that was overthrown by the American led conspirators, this movement is not about "monarchy." It's about restoring the government that America admits it had a fundamental part in overthrowing. Our nation's kings and Queen Liliʻuokalani were remarkable leaders who did great things for their country; a country that was in many ways advanced beyond most nations on Earth. It was a world leader in terms of literacy, establishment of public hospitals, public education etc. and was much more socially progressive than the United States, with regard to slavery, voting rights, women's political power, gay rights and care of the elderly. It's no surprise our Kingdom was the first non-European nation admitted to the family of nations. The patriotism we Hawaiians feel for our Kingdom government, and the love for our aliʻi, reflects our appreciation for all they did for our people, especially under the extreme pressures they faced.
Sure, they could have a two-tier Community Covenant, Richard. Well, they might have to change its name, since it won't exactly be a "community" covenant.   I guess you do expect a "school of devout Christian believers" to repudiate their beliefs about community fairly easily, after all.  "The University is an interrelated academic community rooted in the evangelical Protestant tradition; it is made up of Christian administrators, faculty and staff who, along with students choosing to study at TWU, covenant together to form a community that strives to live according to biblical precepts, believing that this will optimize the University’s capacity to fulfil its mission and achieve its aspirations." ~ from the TWU Community Covenant.  And all to avoid allowing gay married couples from living like normal people.
Face palm I think my issue with this is that they need to end their contract with alyeska then the problem is solved; only the Catholics want to make an issue where there isn't one; generally a homosexual has no desire to be marred by someone who wouldn't accept them anyways; but in "Catholic owned bldgs?" If it's a destination spot frequented by all then maybe you should stop operating with them.  Then the issue is mute.
This seems hard for you to grasp.  If he makes wedding cakes, which he does, he has to make them for all protected classes of people.  If he makes wedding cakes, not for the people but for the event, but not for gay weddings, he is still in violation of the law and discriminating.   Looking for a loophole to treat peolle unequally, unfairly and to discriminate? Weird.  You could lobby to allow discrimination. See how many signatures you would get here.
I would like to see married lesbian priests.  Nicest people on the planet and very good vessels for ordination.  If you find that shocking your bigotry is showing.
Agree!  All Trump did was to negate an EO issued by Obama that had not yet been implemented.  The judges states her injunction was issued due to a pending court case that wishes to void the Trump EO.   Since the Obama EO had not yet been implemented how is it conceivable that the judge could force the government to comply with something that had not come to fruition.  Should it not be the other way around and that the order remains in place until such time as the military regulation which Obama attempted top overturn is deemed justified or not.  This Clinton appointed judge is just pushing the Obama agenda.  Unnecessary medical costs are and have always been grounds to deny military service.  Asthmatics, diabetics, etc have been ruled ineligible so tow should transgenders.
Start looking at not just Hollywood culture but government and the fashion industry too, and not just heterosexual men but homosexual men and woman also to be fair.
Black Lives Matter T.O. has taken over Pride Toronto. Pride has more or less surrendered and exists in name only. Those who oppose BLMTO have left, including sponsors (the next shoe to drop). Those who have stayed are part of the anti-white/anti-male fringe who were always there, who have (for now) made friends with the new BLMTO rulers.   Pride Toronto started unraveling when they began making the festival about everything OTHER than gays rights issues. This was followed by constant pressures from the Anti-Israel Apartheid movement to be included, and then City Hall under Rob Ford made that pressure boil over... leading to last year's full-out Conquest by Black Lives Matter.  So basically, it's up to BLMTO whether public funds stay or go, but they in all likelihood don't care about what happens to Pride.
When was the last time that Toronto police rounded up gay people based on their sexual orientation? If you have data on such roundups I would actually be very interested to see it. If your point was that gay people continue to be subjected to such treatment in other locales worldwide, then I agree but I'm not sure what that has to do with the Toronto police service.  Also, suggesting that anyone that disagrees with Pride's position on this issue is a "fragile white person" who has "opposed gay rights for decades" is both demonstrably wrong and an ironically racist position for you to be taking, ma'am.   Perhaps examine your own motivations before casting aspersions on others?
No, I am saying the Church does not understand them.  Vatican radio is publicity, not dogma.  You did not follow my obvious argument, that it is the teen gay suicides who do not understand what they are doing by suiciding.  They very much understand the Church's inference (or rather, Ratzinger's) that they are not wonderfully made.  The irony comes from denial of funeral rights.  If they don't get the gays as teens, they try to get them when they become emotionally mature enough to marry, regardless of the Church's obvious error.
Columbia university (yet another of Barry O's alum) invited the #1 state sponsor of terror on the planet at the time, Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, to speak to students at the Ivy League school.  He then proceeded to challenge the university audience to look into "who was truly involved" in the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, defended his right to question established Holocaust history and denied there were gay Iranians.  When pressed about the harsh treatment of women, homosexuals and academics who challenge Iran's government, Ahmadinejad painted a rosy picture, saying, "Women in Iran enjoy the highest levels of freedom," he said.
As i recall, the NYT tried to slime him during the campaign by printing his opinion that trans people should use the bathroom of their gender identification, not their current/past anatomy.
Being a father of a transgender daughter I am totally opposed to this initiative what would she have to do carry a birth certificate around
That is untrue.  This is exactly why so many oppose the bathroom law; any male can walk in and claim hes transgender, he does not have to prove it.  Not at all does he have to prove it, he only has to claim it.
"John Hillerman, who played stuffed-shirt Higgins to Tom Selleck’s freewheeling detective Thomas Magnum in the 1980s TV series “Magnum, P.I.” has died, his nephew said today. Hillerman was 84."  "stuffed-shirt", this article must have been written by an ignorant Millennial, Jonathan Higgins had to tolerate Irresponsible Thomas Magnum's wrecking the Lamborghinis and Ferraris' that as Managing the Robin Masters Estate Jonathan Higgins  was held 100% Accountable and 100% Responsible for.  The New Millennials Version of Magnum P.I.  Magnum P.I. will be played by Oprah Winfrey, Magnum P.I. a Lesbian that falls in Lust with a former Female British M.I. 6 Intelligent Agent, Higgins. Plot Summary, Magnum P.I. and the former Female British M.I. 6 Agent Higgins, investigate bullying of their Openly Homosexual Son that forces his Homosexuality on everybody everywhere.  This will possibly Replace Millennials Hawaii Five Minus Zero.  Condolences to the Family of  John Hillerman.
I agree about the HuffPo (they get old). However, the CNN article says: "The rapper, of course, is something short of a perfect messenger. Eminem has been a lightning rod for controversy due to comments -- in his music and not -- that have been described as misogynistic and anti-gay." The Atlantic Article mentioned above is more of an opinion piece - just a point of view, vs reporting (something Scarry doesn't mention), and the Rolling Stone reported not on Eminem but only on the song - just reporting the facts of the song itself, The WaPo did the same. The news itself is often quite dry. It's up to us as readers to figure out it's importance - or whether it has any at all. That is not MSM - just news.
Question: Should the Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas have the right to go to a graphic art designer (who is gay)and have him design and produce "professional art graphics" that "professionally" portray their anti-gay rhetoric? Does the ACLU say "yes" or would the ACLU defend the right of any art graphics designer to refuse/reject "objectionable" work? - In 2014 apparently, the Colorado Civil Rights Division answered the above theoretical question both ways. In one case, they ruled that one baker could not decline to decorate a "gay wedding cake" while in another case, they ruled that a baker could refuse to decorate a "anti-gay cake." Both the real cases and the above hypothetical question involve the question as to whether or not someone can decline to have his/her services "bought" to promote an ideology they are opposed to. - And since the CCRD can't seem to be anything but "politically correct hypocrites," perhaps the US Supreme Court will have a field day with the CCRD.
@hmmm....here's a GOOD ONE for you & your "semblables"= Québécoise transgender actress Gabrielle Tremblay for her FIRST film role received her FIRST nomination and the FIRST transgender to be nominated as Best Actress in a Supporting role to the Canadian Screen Award for her performance in the film  « Ceux qui font les révolutions qu’à moitié n’ont fait que creuser leur tombeau» (Those Who Make Revolution Halfway Only Dig Their Own Graves/  Best Canadian Film at TIFF, 2016 (Huge Success! But Huge Scandal too! And the Beginning of a “Myth”, of a “Cult Movie”, of “RedSquare” symbol) see trailer onYouTube= https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaLBRRbyYzw)  (copy-paste in wb address) and see HER interview (onYouTube)= L'actrice transgenre Gabrielle Boulianne-Tremblay à Tout Le Monde En Parle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PmKpmVfl68
So you're not a homosexual,  and you got "married" to someone of the same sex for convenience?   Aside from it not being a marriage,  I have no objection to same sex roommates.
By Mark Van Norman's argument, it was perfectly normal male behavior for Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson of Laramie, Wyoming to beat gay Matthew Shepard unconscious, then hang him on a barbed wire fence to die.  Yes, animal behavior is wired into our genes, and human males certainly don't need to use their brains to strut around, trying to impress females with peacock displays, while treating smaller and less colorful or less athletic males as degenerate subhumans.   We can do better, though.  Stephen J. Remington
That's sad you choose to draw lines in the sand and build walls. Jules is the kind of guy who wants to build bridges. I am not your enemy. Apparently you call me such because I go to a church - not as a member - but sometimes go to a church that has some conservative beliefs posted on their website. Whoop de doo. It's not playing the part of a progressive to only have friends that agree with you 100%, that is not progressive my friend. I have friends across the political spectrum, like anyone should.   Don't believe everything you hear on the internet, Imago Dei included. A lot of decent people go there, and like Randy Leonard pointed out on this thread, there is a long history of people attending a church they feel no need to be in lock-step with. It is actually a very healthy thing, not a negative like you would have us believe. It shows that they are not guilty of group think, like many so-called progressives are, as are many conservatives. BTW, gays have civil rights.
Not that anything you say is relevant to the discussion of whether or not a luxury, not a necessity falls under bogus "anti discrimination" regs, but the New Testament clearly says homosexuality is immoral, sinful, against the will of GOD, prideful and blasphemy of the Holy Spirit. You don't have to believe anything the Bible says, but you should not lie about what it says and means. Ignorance is no excuse. You clearly don't understand or know enough about the Bible to so ignorantly pontificate as if you were God or the sole judge of the understanding of others. How intolerant of you.
So many of the church communications on LGBT topics remind of racial bigots explaining how their actions are not really racially motivated. Not buying.
Some Gay clips for French Immersion class in Toronto (frm 10 to 15 year-old &+); (".. .two girls who were the pair laughed so hard  that the most beautiful almost die...die of joy..." » (onYouTube)= Holden- Madrid (w/ French Lyrics) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWQmMjG-zUs (copy-paste in wb address)  (onYouTube)= Laura Fabian “Comme Ils disent…” (w/French lyrics) (a song written for a Gay Man but “She” is the female part of "Him") https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUngIQnkpWI here’s the Male version by Marc Almond https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y36x3YKH7gY  Danielle Messia “De la main gauche” (w/French lyrics) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7WAtnfq6Y8  Patricia Kaas - Mademoiselle Chante le Blues https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z7npqBBa4o  CATHERINE LARA & VERONIQUE SANSON Entre elle et moi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5qWyow8TKk  Léo Ferrer (de Verlaine) “Il patinait” https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fJ4lkNaamY
You mean like using federal powers to foist gay marriage on all the states?
Why?  He's not gay.   Huh?  She's a woman?  Now I get why Bill did it....
But you are assuming that God creates us with all our faults and disordered tendencies-and we all have them. Yes, we are all called to, as Our Lord put it: "Judge with right judgment". What is meant by "judge not" is "do not condemn".  By encouraging someone in their gravely sinful behavior ie, applauding homosexual sex, it is you, sir who are condemning them.
How can ANYBODY question the republicans love for gay people.  Moore is a standard republican.  Lol
You find a recalcitrant Catholic, familiar with the rabbis, who without any exceptions considered homosexual behavior a “Toaiva” - an abomination so severe that it merited the death penalty. Were it not for the fact that homosexuality is prevalent in Western Society today, there would be little controversy. It is clearly forbidden and never condoned anywhere in the Torah.  The very context of the prohibition - it is couched between the prohibitions of child sacrifice and bestiality - makes clear the extent of the OT’s condemnation.  I specifically reject the revisionism of Theodor Noldeke, J. Maxwell Miller, John H. Hayes, et al that the sin of Sodom was inhospitality or that its plain meaning is a modern gloss. I complete reject their enterprise all related ones, including your own.  Sorry.
I don't need a near death experience; I have the sword of the Spirit, which is the infallible word of God, to guide me, and His word says that there is a Hell and homosexuality is sin. God said it. I believe it. That settles it.
I really cannot answer what abut inaccurate information from parents. The parents I know are quite intelligent, and keep communication open with their children throughout high school even.   As for being gay, I am speaking about Colorado Youth Matter, which is not a organization for  LGBTQ students, as far as I know anyway.   Either that, or all of "Colorado’s youth" in school are LGBTQ?  --- Colorado Youth Matter We remain steadfast in our vision that all young people in Colorado deserve education and resources to make informed decisions about their sexual health.     * Worked with over 40 school districts throughout the state, both conservative and progressive, to implement sexual health education for the youth they serve.    *  And most important, we have equipped hundreds of teachers and youth serving professionals with the confidence and resources that will ultimately serve Colorado’s youth for a generation.  http://www.coloradoyouthmatter.org/
Paprocki's -- and your -- attitude is "the law is more important than people". Thus, as I said, Paprocki -- and you -- say "the spirit of the law kills, while the letter of the law gives eternal life; also that man was made for the Sabbath." Paprocki is REJECTIN married gays. He is telling them he will not give them the Eucharist, he will not bury them. And you support him in his act of rejection.  My question about whether God is as concerned about sexual activities of married couples as you are is quite serious. I read lots of things in the Bible about protecting the poor from exploitation, and remarkably little about gay marriage. I believe that Paprocki (and you) have your priorities wrong. Why isn't Paprocki or any other bishop saying "Any senator who would deny millions health insurance is to be denied the Eucharist and burial in consecrated ground. The Catholic Church teaches that healthcare is a right, and any who would deny this is 'pro-death'."
Although I admire Fr. Martin's efforts to build bridges between the LGBT community and the hierarchy, I think he's naive about the bishops desperately wanting to reach out to gays and not being sure how?  How?  That's easy, at least to start.  I would propose the following three very, very initial steps.  #1:  Hold one (or preferably several) listening sessions with the LGBT community.  Have it facilitated well, but, Your Excellencies, shut your mouths!!!  Let gays talk about their experience and perhaps, for just a moment - mirabili dictu - they can be your teachers!  #2: Allow the gay community to celebrate the Eucharist on Sundays as a community (as in Chicago's AGLO).  #3:  Establish in your (arch)diocese an office whose explicit purpose is to be about the continuing work of building bridges.
Before accusing people of fibbing, check the facts. The entire paragraph 10 of Homosexualitatis Persona makes it clear that the violence referred is violence against gays. The paragraph is about "violent malice in speech or in action" directed against "homosexual persons." This is deplored, but the last sentence implies that vocal gays and liberal legislation are a provocation that make violent reactions unsurprising.
Wish Francis would do some more talking about shepherd's trusting the sheep.  We have a vast difference in understanding about contraceptives, gay marriage, sexuality in general, other issues - between the sheep and the shepherds.  But Francis does not seem inclined to want to listen when these are the subjects.    I admit, though, that Francis may be playing a longer game.  If he can get the stupid bishops to make lay synods routine and lay councils mandatory and empowered to oversee a bishop - he may finally get some mechanisms in place in which the voice of the "sheep" can be heard by the "shepherds."  He is starting with trying to get them to listen to each other.  But they still are not listening outside the ranks of the male, celibate, ontologically special ones who don't have a lay person's life experience.  The Catholic church is not structured to be a listening Church and I don't think they can be a "listening" church without giving some power away.  Will they?
You did see Jamie and Fr Jim as swayed by gay-friendly social sciences rather than by the magisterium; but the church itself in reading the signs of the times has made much of the social sciences since the 1950s, so Fr Jim's procedure is perfectly standard. And what does a social science perspective uncover?:   "More than 40 years of struggle should have taught us by now that compassion, respect and sensitivity are not enough to bring about a truly just relationship between bishops and LGBT Catholics. Even with these three virtues in play, bishops still have the power to judge and negatively impact the lives of LGBT Catholics, while operating in secrecy and lying about their own sexualities. And LGBT Catholics are expected to bare their souls to their religious leaders and beg to be heard, while also, ultimately, remaining voiceless and officially condemned by their church."
Really, R.D.?  This is typical of all your posts on this subject.  It is always the fault of someone else, the laity or homosexuals, rather than the clergy.  It is attitudes like yours that perpetuate this problem.
The question was about a Kosher or Halal deli being sued for not serving pork, SOMETHING THEY DO NOT GENERALLY SERVE.  As for a Muslim baker turning away a gay couple asking for a wedding cake, something they do make, I have just as much a problem with that as I do with the guy in Lakewood.  If a gay couple were to be turned away and sue, I say, go for it.
Besides virtue signaling Liberal Trudeau Canada which other countries are secretly helping gays in Chechnya? -
I have provided everything I need to, you have chosen to ignore ample evidence supporting that this man has the right to exercise religion and have not provided any law or legal argument supporting other then it is against the law in Colorado to discriminate against gays. I am not arguing for discrimination, I am arguing for people to have the right to hold beliefs without reprisal, within reason.  I am still waiting for proof that he must forego his religious belief to operate in the public spectrum.
Stalking crimes in bathrooms are already covered under present laws, but unfortunately because they're in private spaces they can only be enforced a posteriori.  The only way that a genitalia-based usage law for bathrooms could be practically enforced would be a priori - using bathroom monitors - and I'm not sure that anyone would stand for that.  I guess in the practical sense I don't see any less a priori protection of minors with new transgender restroom laws than what present laws afford...both provide zero. But both vulnerable groups need protection.  Allowing transgender people to use the bathroom matching their identity improves life for one vulnerable group without affecting the other in any practical sense. But addressing the needs of both requires us to address the root cause at its root, long before anyone needs to use the restroom.  And ultimately, that was my point. How do we start to do that?
Withe the approval of Pope John Paul II, the Prefect of the CDF, J. Ratzinger promulgated the Church view on the role of women "...in the church and in the world"(2004).  The document teaches that God created women to serve the loneliness, sexual and reproductive needs of men. After the "first sin" he teaches that God's words to the woman were definitive "...he shall rule over you".   Reflect on the title: "Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the Collaboration of Men and Women in the Church and in the World". Where  are home, municipal council, state legislature, federal government, elected, married, single, noted as exceptions from this "teaching"?  The church stands by it in the exclusion of women from the fullness of participation. Homosexuality is an "intrinsic disorder" and people have been excluded and fired from employment "...in the church".  Why would not Catholics be questioned as to whether they are "faithful" to its teaching "...in the world" as in the Church?
The pathological liar and thief is Trump. He constantly lied, including lying about something he was on tape saying only days (or hours!) before.  He is a thief because he stole money from people he hoodwinked with Trump "University" and by refusing to pay people he hired. He also changed his position several times on abortion, so don't count on him to fight against it.  Hillary does not support infanticide. She does support the SCOTUS decision that makes abortion legal up until the 3rd month. She supports the SCOTUS decision re homosexual marriage also. God bless her for that.
Shepard was pistol whipped by his meth crazed gay loverboy Aaron McKinney. It was no hate crime.  Domestic abuse amongst homosexuals is rampant and unreported in the media.  http://nypost.com/2013/10/28/uncomfortable-truth-behind-matthew-shepards-death/
Right, the "original complaint". However the following complaints were loaded with homophobic rant..."she's gay", "a lesbian", etc. The card is back on the table.
I think a lot of people are losing faith in the honesty and ability of this Trudeau Government. Russian spies and others wanted for crimes etc. can say they are gay. This is all supposed to conducted through our immigration law. Hopefully who ever OK'd this will resign.
Quick!  PR Team go!  -Stumpy Freeland & Sophie G holding hands and shedding crocodile tears! -selfies with Indigenites! -selfies with disabled children! -selfies with disabled transgender Indigenites! -selfies with (future) Minister of  Interior Terrorism Omar Kadr! -cue the apology and $10,000,000 cheque to Brazeau!  No time to waste!
Let's see, Facebook shuts down white supremacist pages, but it is not OK to refuse to bake a gay wedding cake? Not that I have any use for hitler youth, but it seems that there is more than one set of rules that are used. It is not OK to refuse to do business with ultra lefties, but if the ultra lefties disagree with you, it is OK for them to refuse service. Do I understand how it is?
There is no logical argument for outing gay teenagers and there is no logical argument for withholding factual information related to sexual health and wellness.  The UCP are revealing themselves as a group of anti-science dinosaurs hiding behind out dated religious concepts.
Actually, since you asked, gays were not even considered legitimate minority, much less a class until Focus on the Family and Colorado for Family Values made them one.  By crafting a constitutional amendment (#2) in 1991, specifically making gays a legitimate subset, they unwittingly accomplished the exact opposite of what they were intending.  The Supreme Court noted that they had made a class out of gays and had targeted that class for discrimination.  I guess, just like this baker did.
It's never a waste of money trying to protect women and keep men with issues out of the girls bathroom.   That any person thinks men going into the women's bathroom and shower is acceptable shows how sick of a society we have become.    Accepting the gay life style is live and let live.  Allowing people to claim to be the sex they are not is sick at the highest level.
"Rushdoony’s doctrine maintains a theocratic necessity: submit the state to the Bible with a logic no different from the one that inspires Islamic fundamentalism. At heart, the narrative of terror shapes the world-views of jihadists and the new crusaders and is imbibed from wells that are not too far apart. We must not forget that the theopolitics spread by Isis is based on the same cult of an apocalypse that needs to be brought about as soon as possible. So, it is not just accidental that George W. Bush was seen as a 'great crusader' by Osama bin Laden."  Evangelicals want a theocracy no different in spirit than that of ISIS. They both believe that what they support is good, everything else is evil. Remember the American Evangelical pastor Scott Lively, who persuaded the Ugandan government to make homosexuality a criminal offense a few years ago? That's the country the Evangelicals would have you live in. Women are to be submissive to their husbands. If you disagree, you are Satanic.
The implications of what they're doing with facial recognition software such as this, but not limited to, should bother us all.  Maybe you can drop that fear of the LGBT crowd and take a look at what they're doing with this technology.  It could affect you negatively just like the LGBT crowd.
Really WW? This is the laziest Pride guide I have ever seen... Why not include that the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race will be in town? Or one of the most popular queens from the last couple seasons (Katya & Detox) are also in town, not to mention the Big Gay Boat Ride (which has always sold out), or even the last holdout from Vaseline Alley (Taking Pride on Stark) still going strong... I am disappointed in the coverage. Very disappointed.
And this is the type of educator thinking you get that tosses a 2nd grader into detention for eating a fruit bar from his lunch  into the shape of a gun? In the mind of the beholder it was a gun? Idiots at all levels in the new society of "make feel good" policies instead or normal intelligence your mothers tried to impart you with. Must be something in the water that makes the liberal lefty over educated idiots come up with these policies. Just the way Obama and his clown crowd have molded the military into a social service club for misfits, instead a trained force of military killers they need to be. But now listen to the defenders of these boys to girls and reversing based on a daily whim.   When Obama has a transgender using his daughters bathroom and showers  then I can at least listen.
And you know they're trans-gender? How?
Actually that changed with more homosexuals and liberals graduating from medical school. Anyone who does know that the inability to accurately identify your gender is a disorder, has a disorder.
It's going to be interesting to see how the LGBTQ community reacts to Saunders' decision. The focus of BLM's  action in last year's parade has been removed. If BLM tries to turn the Pride parade into a BLM protest this year, and shuts down or delays the parade, what kind of support will they get? Pride will have to make a decision. So will BLM.
If the majority of Canadians, or even a large percentage of Canadians feel forced to tolerate homosexual rights,  Alison976, then it is leader's job to show as much as he can that GLBTQ people are fully human beings with rights. They are your neighbour, and they won't hurt you, even in the times when some of them may act in a way that you do not understand. I believe it's called leadership, and it is part of the PM's job.
Yes, there is such a thing as an independent conservative. I have no problem with legalizing marijuana, gay marriage, as long as churches or religious people are not forced to provide marriage ceremonies and social services for those that truly are in need of them. There are also many independent liberals and that is fine with me. I do not tell people like you that you need to get beyond a third grade education when many of our high school graduates cannot read beyond a third grade level. That is not their fault. Many of them are in fact intelligent and just may have trouble either processing information or disseminating their thoughts. I have seen many of your posts that indicate that you, Bob and many of you on the left are very intelligent and have the capability to make cogent, intellectually honest debates. I just get a bit frustrated when you resort to insulting people just because we happen to disagree with you about a variety of things.
January 16, 2014, the UN Committee on the Rights of Children hearings on the Holy See began in Geneva. Significant moments include:  • The Vatican had to admit publicly that it still does not require the reporting of child sex crimes to civil authorities. Nor does it take this step when priests are defrocked. • The Holy See still refused to provide the data requested on July 1. • The Vatican believes that it is the obligation of the individual perpetrator, not the Church, to compensate victims. • Religious orders, which comprise one third to one half of the world’s Catholic clerics, still are not being compelled by the Holy See to create abuse policies. Tomasi response: “We have to keep in mind that even though there are 400 million cases of abuse a year regarding children, unfortunately some cases effect also Church personnel...Some NGOs that support homosexuality, same-sex marriage and other issues reinforced [the committee’s] line of thought in some way.”
There's a world of difference between saying "something someone doesn't like" and insulting a woman who is with you.  For example, "I think Trump is an excellent candidate (that's something Mr. Capri might not like) and "lady, you're a real dyke" (that's an insult).  I don't know exactly what was said, but it notes it was a homosexual slur.    Certainly, Mr. Capri should not have touched the man....in today's world, you're just going to pay a price for such an act.  As I mentioned in another post, it's too bad the woman who was insulted didn't step up and slap the man herself.  I'm 74 and for all the years of my "youth", if a man insulted a woman, he was likely to get seriously embarrassed when she slapped him.  It reads like this guy deserved it.    Would she have been charges with assault? Maybe, but can you imagine a guy filing an assault charge against a woman whom he insulted and gave him a well-deserved slap?  It'd be rather embarrassing, wouldn't it.
Michael Archer:  I need help. What is a "gay identity". Please give your answer a little thought so that I will understand. Thanks.
And just how was Senator Beyak's weird sayings nuanced? She claims to have gay and First Nations friends, but I doubt she has one. Unless she's claiming Tomson Highway as two. And Senator Beyak doesn't seem to have read Highway's novel Kiss of the Fur Queen of she'd have known his praise of residential schools was tongue in cheek.  Grey? What is there that's grey here? What's crazy is that Senator Beyak, without giving any reason why, chose to praise Residential Schools for their good works despite the atrocities that happened there. This is a major faux pas. The kind made by those who travel only in their own little social circles so don't know there's a big wide world out there of different views and opinions.  Grey?! Heck, Beyak only wants a White world.
The CDC has reported that drug and alcohol consumption is a behavioral factor of concern among homosexual people. So may this played a role in her bad choice to drive under the influence who knows for sure?
All those restriction are done in the name of having a military that is capable of handling the physical rigors of war.  If you could demonstrate that transgendered people, as a group,  would damage the military' ability to conduct war then I could support a ban.  But so far neither you nor anyone else has been able to do that.
BLM violated the rules on parade participation and should now be banned from next year's parade and prohibited from dictating who can and cannot march. If BLM really cared about the gay community, they would address anti-gay violence and homophobia, and the absence of gay rights, in Caribbean and African countries. I look forward to seeing this happen at the forthcoming Caribbean Festival Parade in August. The gay community has to wake up and realize that BLM is simply using Pride as a stepping stone and platform for advocating their own political agenda. BLM are no friends of the gay community.
Ah, but Gabbard lost her integrity years ago when she didn't stand up to her fathers homophobia, explain her connections to Chris Butler, or explain why she abandoned her Council set so quickly.
What some gay people think is not scientific evidence.  I think you missed that.  What the guy was saying was that he hoped he could get you in bed.  You should have been flattered.  But, apparently, you simply don't have the gay gene.  Or else, you would have let the kid try, if you had been so inclined.  And LOTS of gay men TRY having meaningful relationships with women, only to fail and come to the realization that they have the gay gene.  It's sad that a good part of their lives is wasted on trying to be what others want them to be even though they have a genetic predisposition otherwise.  Apparently you are one of the few people left who think people just switch back and forth, depending on their mood on any given day.  As a gay man, I can tell you, that simply is not the case.  Ask any gay person, and this is what you'd hear.  Ask them if they could jump into bed with a woman tomorrow.  There would be the proof you seek. (cont'd.)
Sorry but Torah words WERE referring to the Canaanites and the word does not mean abhorrent to God: "When you come into the land that YHVH your God gives you, do not learn to do the toevot of those nations." Toevah is a foreign offence. What's with the "supposed reference to the Canaanites"? That is what we are talking about. The entire context is of things outside the nation of Israel. By the way, toevot  also applies to different people and different taboos. Mary Douglas likely had it right when she said it was about violating categories. We've moved beyond this, just like we've moved beyond the obligation for every single individual to populate the Earth. If 5% of the population is gay, that is good for Earth, not bad.
And silly old me thought that Michael Voris was all about homosexuality all the time ...
The issue that everyone advocating further debate fails to recognize is this; "debate" about social issues has traditionally meant nothing more than "keep debating the topic endlessly                                       so that the status quo is maintained, or until my point of view prevails".  It's nothing more than an attempt to slow or prevent change, disguised as discussion. What...do you really think the issue of transgender equality, of the pros and cons of  recognizing the rights of these folk, *hasn't* been debated for years now in Canada? Of course it has...in the press, in government, and in public circles.  What new information do you expect will come to light? What is left to debate? Either we as a nation choose to be compassionate to transgender individuals, or we choose not to be. It really is that simple. Canada made that choice long ago; we are a progressive, inclusive society...no matter what the less open-minded among us would have you believe.
How is this leaving the LGBTQ community "reeling"? Allegations of impropriety committed by Mayor Murray in the past are old news and the rumors have been chatted about in hushed terms for years about this very topic. Now granted this is the first time anything official has come out of it. And it's the first time actual accusers have come forward. And Mr. Murray certainly deserves his day in court to address the allegations. But for anyone who has actually paid attention to Seattle politics and has for any amount of time, this is old hat.
What scares me the most is not the free speech issue at Universities which can be bypassed by going to Internet  ( Jordan Peterson).  It is politicisation of science. It already has happened in climate science where most of the  scientists opposing the catastrophic global warming theory have been persecuted and intimidated.  I have been watching this phenomenon for several years and can quote many cases. That's why I am highly sceptical about what we are being fed about it. Now the same thing is happening in biology and medicine around trans issues. Trans activist successfully intimidated  U.S. Professional Association for Transgender Health (USPATH) to toe their ideological line , forced  CAMH  to fire Ken Zucker and made Wynn government ban "conversion" therapy application to children gender dysphoria.  Now their push it to re-write biology and politically ban the idea of two sexes. This is what the author is referring to and is now spreading to other sciences.
"Margaret Smith, a John Jay College criminologist who worked on the report, pointed out that it is “an unwarranted conclusion” to assert that the majority of priests who abused male victims are gay. Though “the majority of the abusive acts were homosexual in nature [...] participation in homosexual acts is not the same as sexual identity as a gay man.” She further stated that "the idea of sexual identity [should] be separated from the problem of sexual abuse...[A]t this point, we do not find a connection between homosexual identity and the increased likelihood of subsequent abuse from the data that we have right now.”" To my knowledge the 2011 JJ report stands ... are you really suggesting that JJ have issued another one? Provide the link!
In order to prove "you make it quite clear that you loathe homosexuals" rather than "you are a faithful Catholic", you have to demonstrate that the Catholic Church does not call same sex acts immoral and supports the notion that it is a civil right.  As anyone can confirm, I have never called homosexuals themselves "immoral".  Yes, no one likes it when you state "unpleasant facts" about them, or call them names like "ignorant", or claim that they take "Adolf Eichmann as ... (a) ... role model", or make statements like "Adolf Eichmann as your role model" because it's uncivil, boorish, and a consistent pattern of name-calling and personal assessments.  And unfortunately that is all you have.
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned him against transgender military ban He tweeted it anyway.
The definition of apartheid is any system or practice that separates people according to color, ethnicity, gender, caste, sexual orientation, etc.  That definition is straight out of multiple dictionaries and it is why the majority of states in the Arab League are Apartheid states.  Also, by your definition of Apartheid, Canada could easily be classified as an apartheid state for the decade we were "calling the shots" in Afghanistan.  As I said, you're splitting hairs regarding your definition of apartheid vs mine.  It's irrelevant... the important issue is state sanctioned systemic discrimination, which you have acknowledged is rampant throughout the middle east.   Your claim that the constitution of Palestine doesn't discriminate is puzzling, given the basis of the entire constitution is Sharia Law.  This is a fact that is spelled out in the constitution itself.  Are you going to tell me that Women, Jews, and Homosexuals are not discriminated against under Sharia law?
Scratch that  - I guess this is not a homsexual crime but  no sense in wasting good data :).  Impact of Violence On The Homosexual Lifespan A pioneering study of 6,714 obituaries30 in homosexual newspapers across the U.S. revealed that 3% of 6,574 gays and 20% of 140 lesbians had died violently:  1.4% of gays and 7% of lesbians were murdered (rates over a hundred times those of non-gays); 0.6% of gays and 5.7% of lesbians committed suicide (rates dozens of times those of non-gays); and 0.6% of gays and 4.3% of lesbians died in motor vehicle accidents (over 17 times the rate of non-gays) These events, coupled with various STDs (especially AIDS) gotten from other gays, resulted in a median age of death of 40 among gays and a median age of death of 45 among lesbians. In the same study, comparison samples of married men had a median age of death of 75 and married women a median age of death of 79. For divorced or single persons the median age of death was 57 for men and 71 for women.
True, you would lose, because if the orientation is normal, the sex has to be normalized. If that is the truth, than you should join the conversation to move to it. If conservatism is just reactionary, even when the Truth is progressive or even could be than you are arguing for a right to resist what is both merciful and truthful for your own ego-centric partisanship. Hence the CDF piece in 1986. It did not even consider gays as just another truth because it would have clipped their authoritative wings. That is just evil. No wonder Dawkins has so much to say.
And it works- in an idealistic world where all your decisions only affect yourself. In the real world that description is true of very, very few decions. Those few - yes they belong entirely in your own realm. That's why we liberal lefty types defend gay rights, atheists, want drugs and prostitution legalized. Those are matters where government serves no useful purpose, so keep government out of it.  But a great many decisions affect other people. When it's ONE other person - it's often best to let you two just sort it out amongst yourselves, at that point the market concept is mostly good.  The only role of government is to ensure you're not somehow forcing, blackmailing or extorting the other person to agree. But when it's thirty people ? Three hundred ? Three thousand ?  Those versions break down rapidly - they cannot scale.   The man who employes 3000 people invariably has massively more power than any of them, and extortion and duress become unavoidable.
I too rarely feel the need to waste my time responding to your verbal diarrhea, but this I cannot let pass:  "but tried to make some accommodation through democratically enacted things such as civil unions"  As David Boies and Ted Olson, the two attorneys who represented Mr. Obergefell in his Supreme Court case duly noted, civil unions did not provide all the legal rights, benefits, and privileges as civil marriage. It was a case, in effect, of separate but unequal, which is what ultimately tipped Anthony Kennedy over to the winning side.  As for your thinly-veiled threats of having to "duke it out" with people who think they've been pushed too far on gay issues, well let's just say I'm shaking in my boots.
Does Mr. Photo op do anything except go to gay pride parades?
"If bishops like Paprocki were more vocal about their opposition to masturbation, in vitro fertilization or vasectomies as they are in their campaign against same-sex marriage, perhaps more Catholics would realize how urgent the need is to rethink the entirety of the church’s sexual ethics."  Thank you for that, NCR, you've hit the nail on the head. Few Catholics really believe that sex is for procreation only, and in practice that philosophy is almost never heeded except by the most orthodox. Once that truth is admitted it becomes impossible to ignore the fact that a rethinking of sexual ethics is badly needed.   As for that dialogue with the LGTB Catholic community, as a gay person I would suggest that the church move fast because that door is closing fast. I'm old and set in my ways, but young gay Catholics simply stop going to church as soon as they can, so the gay audience the church might try to reach won't even be there once the church makes up its mind it wants to reach them.
Noone was disputing the oppression of gays in Chechnya so your posts purporting to prove it were dilatory and irrelevant.
>>progressive attractive leader and that can do no harm to Canada. . Hard to, since other than fake photobombs, selfies, posing for magazines, canoeing to "morning shows", LGBT parades and hush-hush settlements... what else is he doing? . One-hand push-ups?
There needs to be made clear a distinction between religious belief and cultural belief.   That Christ is the son of God (for example) is a religious belief; many Christians are opposed to homosexuality, but that's not a religious belief and should not be claimed as one.  The Talaq custom is not based on religious belief and should be outlawed because it's a gross violation of due process.
It is clear that the presidential tweet about transgender service members was first and foremost a political bone being thrown at Trump's base since they're upset with his treatment of Jeff Sessions. Trump's knee-jerk "Me First" style of "policy-making" is getting so predictable that even stalwart defenders like Chuck Grassley are sending shots across the bow like his tweet yesterday that basically said, "don't even think about making a recess appointment to replace Jeff Sessions if you decide to fire him." Make no mistake, like everything else Trump does, the transgender tweet was all about stopping the Russia investigation. Which is completely absurd when you stop to think about it.
I see today that gun sales have dropped since Trump was elected...except to blacks and LGBT folks!  The anti-gun nuts just can't get a break!    In November, the FBI only  performed 2.6 million background checks.   "Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association, said his group has seen a recent surge that appears to be driven by fear that the nation’s divisive politics could spiral into violence."    "For Gwendolyn Patton, Trump’s victory has her caught in the middle: Some members of her LGBT shooting organization, the Pink Pistols, are thrilled to have a gun-friendly president. But many new members are terrified that Trump will roll back gay rights and feel they must learn how to defend themselves."   “Suddenly they’re buying guns,” she said. “The rhetoric has flipped.”   http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/gun-sales-have-dropped-since-trump%E2%80%99s-election-except-among-people-scared-of-his-administration/ar-AAnPIWm?li=AA4ZnC&ocid=spartanntp
As in many institutions and individuals alike, TWU's belief is that sex is only permissible within the confines of marriage, and that marriage is only valid between one man and one woman. One can easily see how that belief isn't shared by non-heterosexuals. But let's say that TWU decided to stand by its belief, while removing the article in its covenant that forbids sex outside of a man-woman marriage. Would LGBTQ individuals then choose to attend the university? Given the dissonance between the two beliefs, one can safely assume not, even though LGBTQ students would no longer face a discriminatory rule.  The reality is that even were TWU to rescind its rule on sexual activity, it will not persuade LGBTQ students to seek a law degree there. So in refusing to accredit TWU's law school, the Law Society of Upper Canada can achieve no practical good. They're attempting to fight discrimination with further discrimination. That never works.
I'm interested in hearing the views of people who strongly believe against allowing gay couples to be parents because a child can only thrive in a household with a mother and a father.
There are exactly ZERO transgendered people serving openly in the military. Obama changed the policy 7 years and 9 months into his 8 year term and it had a delay attached to it. The new policy was never implemented. Trump is just saying that the military will continue to restrict transgendered people from joining the military.  The military restricts people from joining with mental illnesses and many other illnesses. Gender dysmorphia is classified as a mental disorder. You can't join the army if you require constant health treatments. Transgendered people need a lot of counselling, hormone injections, surgeries and have a very high suicide rate. The military does not want those issues. They should be focused on building a strong fighting force not on social experiments. The entire military will be forced to take sensitivity training at a cost of billions.
When Paul wrote, faith was really faith in Jesus and his preached message.  There was no dogma, had been no Church Councils (save the first at Jerusalem).  The Curia did not exist and people were beginning to explore for themselves what faith meant.  Most importantly, a social gospel was much more important than a strict pelvic morality and there was no hierarchy that insisted on loyalty.  The reason we enter new life, by the way, is to be free from sin - not for God's sake but for our own.  It is a gift to us, not a requirement for us.  Morality is the ultimate therapy.  Pastors should be involved, but they must be freer to challenge some of the teaching which is, inf fact, wrong.  Gay people should end promiscuity and find a spouse appropriate to them - that is the moral course - not assuming that all gay sexuality is anathema (which it is not, if you are gay - especially if you are a gay priest).  This does lead to Christ, whose yoke is easy and his burden, light.
You seem to not understand the word 'compatible'.   Maybe you need a Biology lesson.  By your use of the word 'compatible' then a person could be 'compatible' with an animal, as long as that's their 'preference', or water would be 'compatible' with your car's fuel system, as long as that was your 'preference'.   Your focus is on emotion and feelings, and not biological fact.    Feelings or desire does NOT change biological fact.   You are, in typical liberal fashion, distorting language and facts to suit your desires, instead of facing up to the truth of our biology.   Based on your statement that  "Gay men are only sexually compatible with other men", I guess you would also say that pedophiles are only sexually compatible with children?  After all, it's where their 'orientation' leads them, and since you define FACT based upon how a person 'feels Oriented' about something, it therefore must be true.   And regarding Incest, There are Genetic (Biology) incompatibilities (FACT).
You write: "Gays having access to marriage is a matter of right."   Nonsense. It is a matter of court decision based on political considerations. Marriage is not a fundamental human right! There are all kinds of restrictions on who can get married!   You and the courts and the gay lobby can do whatever you/they want, that is not going to change the nature of Marriage. The nature of and truth about reality is not a matter of majority vote. You can refuse to accept this, people can push their collective "mute buttons" and stick their heads into the sand, people can create "safe spaces" from reality, they just basically end up self-deleting themselves. Good luck!
"One is a protected class the other isn't. One is an ideology that one chooses, the other in a innate state of being that a person has no control over." =========== Which is which? And how did the "protected class" become the "protected class"? If it became "protected" only by "law of mankind," then can it not be repealed and another group become the "protected class"? - And I wonder how many gays and lesbians are glad you reduced their feelings, their attractions, and their desires to something that "they have no control over"? That is so.....condescending.
I suggest bishop Burns read the bible more often. Does that mean that the Brother Francis shelter doesn't allow homosexuals?
Prior to the baker doing that a gay couple deliberately targeted someone they knew had different beliefs in order to make an issue, to show the baker his beliefs were not OK but theirs were.  Just clarifying the failure of the couple.
Agreed.  And they would seem to be the ideal counselors for same sex married couples (although, maybe not so much for the lesbian ones, until we have women priests).
Who would bring suit?  You are mistaken. Read the 1st amendment. It says neither freedom of religion nor separation of church and state. That is your's and many people's misunderstanding.  The very first continental congress had an invocation.  The Supreme court has been quite clear that you CAN have activities that accommodate faiths. You just can't only accommodate ONE faith over the other.  This law accommodates all faiths that are established within their borders, perfectly legal.  The US Congress and just about every state congress has invocations. There is nothing illegal about it.   ROFLMAO!!!!! an invocation is forcing values down someone's throat, but forcing someone to participate in a gay wedding is or course NOT (eye roll)  Praying for and to others even those that do not follow your faith IS consistent with the overriding message of most religions.
We will leave that to the lesbians.
Not sure homophobia is a good way to describe something I have such an outwardly indifferent attitude towards.  Is the human species intended to pair heterosexually?  In my opinion yes, and I believe God had this intention.  Is the infrequent diversion from this norm bad in and of itself?  F**k if I know!   The bible does reference it very little and I realize my posts seem very cut and dry.  Beyond the above reasoning I can't say or argue definitively what the role of monogamous homosexual relationships are within the church or what Gods view on them are.  That's why it's just my opinion, not some fact I'm going to use in manipulating others.  I think you are doing a disservice by equating disagreement with intolerance.    If I rarely drank your favorite kind of beer would you call me intolerant toward your preference? No, we would say "huh, we like different things in a way that literally affects nothing".  I believe a biblical stance on LBGT would have a similar impact to society.
We get it.  Jules feels at home with people who support female submission and denial of civil rights to gays.  Jules hums "kumbiya" while a guy preaches the same stuff that Ted Cruz hears every Sunday.   And Jules will have lots of time to practice denial when he returns to the private sector.
So what exactly is your point, Globe and Mail?  Anyone who makes it to Canadian soil simply says I am gay and a refugee and automatic citizenship?   If you can do one thing, try to remember Canada isn't the cause of all the worlds woes nor are we obligated to fix same.
Marriage is not a subjective institution that is open to redefinition based on the whims of pop-culture or the SCOTUS. That is what people don't seem to get. We can no more redefine marriage than we can rewrite the rules of arithmetic.    The reason that the government was involved in marriage is because heterosexual relationships are the way that our species is propagated.  It is ideal for the stability of society for the heterosexual relationship to be stable and committed.  Homosexual "marriage" by definition cannot equal heterosexual marriage.  Homosexual relationships cannot propagate the species  Therefore there is no compelling interest for the government to be involved.    If you are concerned about tax laws and other secular concerns, change the law.  The institution of marriage does not have to be redefined in order to address those concerns.  All that is necessary is that the laws be changed to accommodate homosexual couples.
U.S. court just struck down his transgender military ban...
Sadly, the Church is not good at giving His message, else rich people would be fleeing the Church or cashing out their bank accounts for Caritas, while gays would be flocking to the Church with their spouses, who would be welcomed while the pharaisees in the Church would head for the exits. Francis is at least moving the needle the right way, but there is work to do. There are many ways to find Jesus, by the way, most of them involving grace, although it can come through many ways, from direct evangelization to seeing charity or example to a bolt from the blue from God. It never comes from dwelling on every press release coming from the CDF.
US laws can't protect school children, college student, shoppers, diners, movie-goers. The deranged have targeted gay people throughout history. Harvey Milk, Roxanne Ellis and Michelle Abdill, Matthew Shepard. In 1973, thirty two people died as a result of arson in a gay night club in New Orleans. The gayness factor didn't make the news then. It appears that Mateen, as others have been, was driven by his hatred of gays. There always has been some hatred-fueled act of violence against some group perceived to be a threat: witches, pagans, indigenous people, Jews, homeless, the ex-wife's family. Where do people develop such a deep seated loathing?
For the most part I think live and let live. But the issue comes up sometimes when that gets violated, especially by ideology that casts shadows over others' worlds. Ask someone who's transgender how they feel about that, or someone who uses cannabis as a spiritual sacrament having a church-affiliated organization denigrate its use generally in a hard real way in local politics with out-of-state support. Stuff like that. We could even talk very broadly about how someone's preference for a certain type of energy product means imposing Waterworld upon posterity. So if I'm disparaging something that does no harm to others, call me on it. If I'm standing here defending something from an onslaught, that's different.
Note to Kevin Spacey. You're bisexual. Not homosexual. Having sex with both men and women makes a person bisexual. Can't claim bisexuality and simply claim homosexuality. Spacey has to fly the bisexual flag.
It always angers me when the very same people who have left no stone unturned casting gay people out to the margins of society, denying us entry into the privilege and stability of marriage, turn around and blame us for not forming stable relationships. Did it never occur to you that for generations men especially who were seen out in public too often together were considered "suspect" and could risk losing their jobs, their housing, or even their lives? Lesbians were usually considered "old maids" with a mixture of pity and contempt but could get away with living together. Gay men in the old days could not live together without inviting undue risk to life and limb. There's a reason gay men have had no choice but to seek brief encounters as our only hope for finding some semblance of love in a hostile world. Your total lack of compassion is sickening but hardly surprising. God will judge you for that as harshly as you think s/he will judge me for being gay, and only one of us is right.
The ACLU has chosen which belief systems they want pushed on the American people.  Josh is intolerant of Christian beliefs and has taken his stand against them.  Why does the state supported religion push the belief that the baby isn't a baby until first breath, that promiscuity, homosexuality, and transgendering should be fully accepted?  Is the ACLU pushing a satanic religion which includes child sacrifice for personal happiness?  Abortion rights makes women cheap, accessible, and exchangeable to wicked men.
Sorry for the late reply.  I was out of town.  The issues anti gay marriage advocates don't get is that heterosexual marriage was not about how our species is propagated, but about how property is passed down through generations.  To a small extent protecting the property rights of males did involve sexual propagation to the extent wives and children were legally considered male property until very recently.  And of course, multiple cultures did not really use the concept of marriage as it developed in the West.  In the end marriage is a human, mostly male, determined cultural construct.  Basically all that's happened with gay marriage is the human community has redefined the cultural construct to include same sex couples based on our evolving understanding of the genesis of homosexuality.  It's not a series of sexual acts.  It's an innate relational orientation.  It was not ever going to be easy to change over 1200 federal and state laws and regulations to accommodate your solution.
I am also a partnered gay man living here in Port Angeles. It makes me grateful to know that there are people in Port Angeles who will stand up and speak out against hatred, intolerance, and division. Thank you, Mr. Koch and Ms. Chen.
Jesus did teach, yes.  But Paprocki isn't teaching.  He's spewing out hatred.  And the bishop doesn't meet, eat, pray or do anything with the LGBT community.  He certainly doesn't love them.  Jesus only said, "go and sin no more" to a woman USED by the scribes and Pharasees to trap Jesus [who had been teaching about forgiveness].  She was just a pawn.  Those who dragged the woman before Jesus---were not forgiven.  She was.  Whose sin was worse?  The woman's or the scribes and Pharasees?  I say the scribes and Pharasees.  They had time to deliberate upon their plans---not the woman.  Most sexual sins, which are sins, indeed, are NOT the WORST sins people can commit. Often, sexual sins are on the spur of the moment---driven by emotions and feelings.  But cold, deliberately calculated sins that are geared to hurt many are far, far worse sins than sexual ones.  And THESE are mortal sins.
While Trump talks about jobs, economy & prosperity, Trudeau talks about gay right, same sex marriage and smoking pot.
Gay bar gunman is Identified As OMAR MIR SEDDIQUE MATEEN; Born To Afghan Parents...ISIS hits the USA. ISIS said they would hit Florida 3 days ago. Islamic proselytization is forbidden in Japan, it is very difficult to import Qur'ans into the country, and there are very few mosques. In Japan, Muslim men are expected to pray at home, not in mosques or in the middle of the street as they do in France. Islamic organizations are not allowed, so the Japanese do not have to deal with the incessant stream of propaganda coming from pro-jihadi groups like CAIR. There is only one imam in Tokyo, a city of over 13 million people.  Virtually the only Muslims who are in Japan come as employees of foreign companies. And even that is the exception rather than the rule. "The official policy of the Japanese authorities is to make every effort not to allow entry to Muslims, even if they are physicians, engineers and managers sent by foreign companies that are active in the region."
Okay, so if a fire and police official who is gay thinks YOU are "heretical and sinful" in THEIR "sincerely held" religious convictions, can they withhold helping you?
I appreciate your thoughtful response. I must contest your terms, however, as they mean everything. The fundamental issue that has you and others here perplexed, is that though disagree as he does with his church on women in leadership and marriage equality Jules Bailey doesn't seem to think his fellow members are either misogynistic or homophobic. That is, he must not believe the members and leadership of Imago Dei hate or mistreat women and they don't fear or mistreat homosexuals. What if this is actually true? The progressive community is now far too exclusive and refuses to hear the opinions and perspectives of people it disagrees with. Its group think. And...fear.   Let the man believe what he wants, and worship where he will. What a majority on here are saying is that he's a viable candidate except he hangs out with undesirables...people who believe (peacefully, without controversy) counter to the majority. This runs counter to self-purported progressive Portland values.
"This means to follow the leads to determine if there was collusion with any Americans. This also means investigate the DNC activities and the "debate questions" issue as well." Are you inferring that the DNC activities were not hacked but given to the Russians?  It seems you imply some sort of intent to subvert elections by the DNC playing favorites as somehow not in its right and the rights of Democrats to exercise their right of assembly to determine its own internal processes for selecting a presidential candidate.  For example, the Boy Scouts of America have the right to favor heterosexuals over homosexuals in determining leadership for its private organization's internal processes.
I don't think boys, girls and transgender were all going into the washroom at the same time  just one at a time, lock the door  so no big deal either way
Well, I can't speak to whether it's in homosexual porn....but I heard from a friend that it's been in straight porn movies since the late 1970s....
I don't get extra or special anything. I always thought I was a straight man but I was talking to this lesbian the other day and it turns out I'm a lesbian.
I wouldn't say that "Being gay has nothing to do with being a pedarast." Pederasty is a "sub-set" of male homosexuality. So a pederast is a homosexual male while not all homosexual males are pederasts. So "nothing to do with" is overstating it.
Well isn't this special!  What a bypass lane for everyone who doesn't want to go through the usual time and process to apply to come to wonderful Canada. Just say you're a persecuted gay.   Meanwhile all done in secret. Why? There is no State security at stake. Just one more piece of evidence that the Government of the Junior Prime Minister thinks it's quite OK to sneak behind the backs of Canadians, however it sees fit.  C'mon 2019!
This guy is basically the big green light to every Marxist-homosexualist to just go ahead and do whatever, because they know Francis will never remove them or even chastise them, because Francis doesn't believe that the pope has any universal authority and is merely the bishop of the city of Rome proper - at least that is the excuse that will be given when nothing is done about abuses and heresies **that Francis is sympathetic towards.**   BUT, like all insecure leaders who say that they reject authority and obedience, reports from Buenos Aires are that he is an iron-fisted totalitarian against traditionalists, precisely because he has no confidence in or respect for his own authority, and thus assumes that no one else does either, and thus wields power against his perceived enemies only from brute force. Again, this is TEXTBOOK 20th century Marxist worldview and psychology. It is also the diametrical opposite of the virtue of MEEKNESS, which is power under control.
I don't tie all personality trait to a person who tries their best to make rational judgements.  If the Oregon judge showed wisdom on other issue, I'm fine with him judging on gay marriage.  *Would you dismiss a heterosexual from judging because of his/her gender bias?     The 'right' answer if often held by the minority.    How do you think Copernicus felt?    He didn't get it pefect but he was roundly attacked for not believing the universe revolved around the earth.   He was right, the powerful, particularly the church, were wrong.   The guy who actually figures out 'god's' work get's tossed into solitary by the 'holy'.    Ironic.  It's also a good lesson to those who seem to think  the world revolves around them!!   Not intended for you Motley.   Self centerdness is a barrier to wisdom with ALL of us.      Right and wrong is crystal clear only to those with a stick in their eye.     Write on... nice to be on weekend.
Pat Robertson and many other "christian leaders" blamed New Orleans openness and gay culture for Katrina...wish they had lost their jobs.  Big old log in their eyes.
"That was a reason for a few Alaskans to call for a tourism boycott of our fair city. Really? If you're going to cancel your trip to our little hamlet by the sea because you feel your vacationing experience will somehow be hampered by a community that is embracing tolerance, well, try Somalia. It's not on the road system, but I think you'll fit in. We're never going to be the "Come for the fishing, stay for the cross burning and stoning of gays!" kind of place you're looking for. Sorry. Not sorry."  .. I have no words for how vile this paragraph is.  You have shown your heart and it's not the tolerant and loving one you claim to espouse.  The fact that you honestly feel that people you share a community think this way is very telling.  This hateful rhetoric that you speak of comes from your own mouth towards members of this community.  Moral high ground is a funny thing to preach when ones actions speak louder than words.
Can we please be honest in this debate and make a distinction between Islam and radical Islam?  I believe the vast majority of Canadians are able to distinguish between the two, and rightfully would be fearful of Radical Islam. That does not make them 'Islamphobes' any more than a radical homosexual would make us homophobes.
I certainly do not think Pope Francis is encouraging us to ignore sin.  What I think is that a certain element in the Church and media is spinning it that way.    When bishops speak out against gay marriage or homosexuality, they are told "But Pope Francis wants a welcoming Church" as if that entails that bishops aren't supposed to speak on the issue.  When bishops speak out against abortion, they are told that "Pope Francis wants a church that focuses on the poor" as if the bishops aren't supposed to speak out on the issue.  That is what I meant.  Mercy is great--but that does not entail that bishops are supposed to remain silent about important issues.
As Ontario is the only province that intervened at the Supreme Court, and as Ontario is the only province with a homosexual premier, your question is reasonable.
The common thread in both examples is tolerance and acceptance of difference. I would call those Canadian values.  Viewed through that lens, supporting Muslim prayer for 15 minutes per week and supporting LGBT rights in Catholic schools are perfectly consistent stances.
Just so you know, lesbians can get pregnant and bear children.  I wish Jeremy the best because he earned it with hard work.
Let's be realistic. The cost alone to have a transgender in the military cost 14x the average person. That alone is enough of a reason to do without. Being in the military is one of the most serious jobs anywhere. They are responsible for the safety of so many. We cannot afford to have the liability of people mentally ill  in the military. I applaud president Trump in his decision and in his work to make he's country safe. Unfortunately there's terrible journalists like this one that ignore all the good he has done.
"Traditional family values" is foremost about keeping the patriarchal structure in place where the man is top dog over women and children.  So, yes this also implicates gays, single parents, even those who chose not to marry,  but it is mostly about keeping male entitlement secure. Hillary rising to such a high leadership position is alarmingly threatening to right-wingers who want to keep this structure, and that very much includes the all-male leadership of the Catholic church.
The distress that leads to a staggering 40% suicide rate among the Transgender community? There's clearly something wrong with the lifestyle choice
As someone with "no dog in the fight", but with an experience of being ministered to over time by either (1) a discretely open gay clergyman who never mentioned his partner everyone knew about (he didn't want to be known by his sexuality but by his pastoring skills) and  (2) a married straight male pastor with grandchildren, and (3) a single woman, I found them all effective in different ways.  Obviously, choices 1 and 3 are off the table for you. But not door number two.  The elephant in the room is the median age/priest shortage.  Working elderly priests beyond their limits does not seem Godly, and thankfully that is rare (but correct me if I'm wrong). The consequence is pressure to ordain any seminarian with a pulse and masculine traits not flying a Sanders banner from his bicycle (except in some religious orders). Ending celibacy in the Latin rite is no silver bullet I'll admit. But it should be changed. It's not biblical (see Peter). Celibacy encourages cliques and secrets.
If we are going to change the names of buildings, places and so on whenever social norms and expectations change, we enter an endless cycle.  Churchill High School and Kennedy Middle School?  Both namesake men held views that would be unacceptable to many today.  Kennedy, for example, referred to the great writer James Baldwin as "Martin Luther Queen" because Baldwin was gay.  He treated women like toys.  Hardly an example for today's teens, is he.  The problem is not that historic figures such as Lane or Deady were sometimes archaic in their thinking (most of them quite naturally were), the problem is that almost all of them can be criticized for one "bad thought" or another.    Unless we are going to simply use numbers for all of our buildings, counties and other edifices, we enter the naming tug-of-war at peril of starting a lose-lose debate over comparative wickedness.  What a drag.  So who is ready to join me in the long battle to rename Kennedy Middle School?  Still waiting....
This article is bizarre.  It seems to want to induce Canadians into feeling guilty, into feeling bad, into feeling unethical, for the fact that gay refugee applicants are required to provide evidence of being gay.  Hello?  Seriously, hello?  The ALTERNATIVE to having careful screening is this:  "Hello Ottawa immigration official nice to meet you. We are fleeing our home country. I am gay, this is my gay female friend who kindly bore my five children, these are my five children in their teens and twenties, they are all gay, these other five people over here are the five close friends of my kids, they are all gay as well, and these two old folks are my gay parents, those other two are my friend's gay parents, and the other twenty people behind us are our brothers, sisters and cousins, and they are all gay. Okay, where do we all line up for our Canadian Social Insurance Cards?"
Calm down everyone.  10,000 kids (adults) in the water making party.    How many had to be helped out...80.  In any rock concert of 10,000 if only 80 who need help and one who goes to the hospital, its way below average.   Don't kill the event.  Remember when the Waikiki moral police (80s)  got heavy with the Halloween gay parades... then picked up their costumes and headed off to Lahaina and  Waikiki went back to boring and they are now trying to figure how to get them back.   This was an event with booze, floaties and in context sounds tame, so calm down, go back to your Cell phones and stop the finger waving.
But don't forget closest to home we have "Democratic fundraiser and gay activist" Terry Bean from Portland who paid off his 'victim' here in Eugene with a "civil compromise".    "Bean, 66, and his former boyfriend, Kiah Loy Lawson, are each charged with two counts of third-degree sodomy, a felony, and third-degree sexual abuse, a misdemeanor.   Bean, a Portland resident, and Lawson, 25, are accused of having sex with a 15-year-old boy at a Eugene hotel on Sept. 27, 2013.  http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2015/07/prominent_gay_activist_terry_b.html
Why rest now that we have gay marriage, if your goals are political in nature? Why not fight for polyamorous marriage? Why not fight for a gender neutral society and the elimination of straight marriage and society altogether?
For gays, its just marriage.  Both in their hearts and before the law.  The Church will catch up to civil practice, as it always has.  It turns out that some gay couples are, in fact, Catholic.  So are their families, who would like a celebration. Often the priest is too.  When you consider A.L., it just codifies what a lot of priests do with divorced couples.  Once they have been married for a while, they privately bless the union and let them back into Communion - and without much investigation. That happens with civilly married Catholics who were not previously married.  I am sure it does or will happen with gay unions. These blessings often don't make it onto the registry, but they occur nevertheless.  I am not arguing, by the way, I am reporting.
Was she a lesbian? What difference would that make?
Nathan,  Your post is double-speak.   Your church labels me, my gay friends, and my uppity women friends as sinners.  Your so-called love, laced with bigotry, is a meaningless oxymoron.  According to your doctrine, I am going to hell.  Well, if anything is going to hell it is Jules Bailey's campaign now that we know he gives money to and attends your evangelical, judgmental institution.  I would respect you a tiny bit if you actually defended your beliefs- but all you do here is soft-peddle them.  "yes you are a sinner but we won't be mean to your face."
The author misses some big causes of increases in inequality:  1.       Not enough people vote.           Note: since voter ID, voter participation (i.e., votes cast/total voting age population) has fallen 22%.  Democratic institutions matter. When vote suppression is successful - as in BC last time, bad results occur.  2.       The Republicans/Conservatives have been very successful at getting poor, badly educated whites to vote against their own economic interests. .           How do they do this? .           By stoking irrational obsessions with abortion; homophobia; guns; misogyny, Islamophobia; wind-turbine-phobia, xenophobia, racism, linguistic bigotry ...   .           Is sticking your nose into your neighbour's right to have an abortion really more important  than building public transit so you don't spend 2 hours getting to work each day?  More important than affordable day care?  More important than rational tax policy?  More important than ever being able to own a home?
Target still hasnt recovered since their stock tanked after implementing their store's gun free status, and Obama's transgender bathroom nonsense.  How could this "news story" ignore that 10,000 pound elephant in the room?
While I understand your reaction to Elder's analogy (we certainly do have our reactions to the KKK, or Hitler, when they're used to extend a point), I do think it is fair to ask the basic question:  If Jules church's official policy toward women is misogynistic (they are "not fit" to lead), or toward the LGBT community is homophobic (the only permissible union is between a man and a woman), then what is the responsibility of the churches' members who disagree with that policy? I appreciate that Jules' faith "is a really big motivator for what I do."  And I appreciate how he has stood up for the LGBT community in the Legislatore (per an email I just received from my Rep, Rob Nosse, who replaced Jules).  What I can't resolve, in my own mind, is Jules tacit support for a church that strongly disagrees with his apparent stands. That said, as one whose loving wife constantly points out his own inconsistencies, I can relate.
"First they came for the transgender military members, then for the rest of LGBT Americans." Says Sarah, back of her hand against her forehead, ominous music playing in the background  as she gazes into the infinite darkness. Amateur theater in all its tacky glory.
The bridge is collapsing.  In 2016, one Monsignor Inzoli was convicted of sexual violence against five boys between the ages of 12 and 16. When the allegations arose in 2014, Pope Benedict removed him from the priesthood. One Cardinal Francesco Coccopalmerio interceded on behalf of Inzoli to the then newly elected Pope Francis. Ignoring the advice of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, Francis made the decision in 2014 to return Inzoli to the priesthood.  Coccopalmerio is known to be one of Pope Francis’ closest collaborators and supporters. This same Francesco Coccopalmerio recommended to Francis that Monsignor Luigi Capozzi become a bishop. Capozzi was (allegedly) caught recently by Vatican gendarmerie hosting a cocaine-fueled homosexual orgy in the Cardinal's apartment. Coccopalmerio is on record as advocating the Church must “emphasize” the “positive realities” that he believes are present in homosexual relationships.   Join the dots .....
I spend a lot of time complaining about Canada. It's in my nature, both as an activist and someone who constantly worries about the direction our world is heading in.  But on this Canada day, I want to write a positive comment, because there are indeed many things to be proud of and grateful for in this country. We have a social safety net to help the poor and vulnerable (most of the time) in our communities. We don't execute homosexuals, or treat women like livestock.  In Canada, people of different cultures, religions and beliefs live, work and play together in total peace without violence or hatred. We don't have a President whose idea of gun control is to arm every citizen to the teeth. We are blessed to live in the safest and most beautiful region on the planet.  Canada Day is an opportunity for all Canadians, liberal, conservative, socialist, green ect to come together as one and set aside our political and social differences to become one unified people in celebration.
Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the West) tolerate another culture's intolerance. If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity. And we need to say unambiguously to Muslims living in the West: If you want to live in our societies, to share in their material benefits, then you need to accept that our freedoms are not optional. They are the foundation of our way of life; of our civilization – a civilization that learned, slowly and painfully, not to burn heretics, but to honor them.
Islamaphobia is a left wing term created to imply systemic racism.  Notice in M103 that they also use the term Islamaphobia and imply that it is systemic therefore legislating guilt onto Canada.  This now paves the way for Social Justice Warriors to vent their outrage and demand that their left agendas be met without even an attempt to resist.  There is no such thing as Islamaphobia.  People may know little or perhaps even know a great deal about Islam but, what the left wants to do is force you to like it.  The mere fact that you might even think that Islam is not what it claims to be (The religion of peace) opens you to their vitreous attacks.  They make complex issues out of what is really quite simple.  Would you accept the doctrine of a warlord-pedophile who talks to angels, believes that he has the final word of god, wants to kill atheists, homosexuals and anyone who either leaves or turns their back on Islam?  If the answer is no then you don't have to like or accept Islam.
Again, I distort nothing. Paprocki is rejecting gays in his diocese, and you clearly support this rejection. Your prattle that no one is being rejected is saying "We do not allow you to take the Eucharist, nor do we allow you burial in our cemeteries. But you should not see this as rejection." That makes no sense.  Paprocki is not God, nor are his words the words of God. His saying that gays are to be rejected is a rejection of the clear words of God that we are to love everyone. You go along with this, which leads me to question, once again, your claim that you are a follower of Christ.
Mike....when Cordileone was "defending marriage" with the March on Marriage in DC....supported by a number of hate groups (anti gay) and listed on their speakers or honored list the papal nuncio, and USCCB leadership.....AND the Southern Poverty Leadership folks were noting the conservative catholic anti gay involvement AND I made it a point to include the data repeatedly on NCR.....THEN it was a lonely road....  NOW we find the nobility of many of those same hierarchy as they "minimally" approach hate crimes and bigotry.  I am less than impressed.
- the global sexual and physical abuse of children by clergy, covered up. - women not to be ordained, proclaimed to be true for all time. - mandatory celibacy not to be spoken about at any clergy meetings. - homosexuals banned from seminaries. - priests must wear clericals at all times in public. - 25 years of the work and of ICEL ditched. - Individuals who were clearly not saints, proclaimed Saints for political reasons. - female altar servers banned, women not to be admitted to sanctuary. - Vatican II Council described as causing "rupture." - Extremely conservative clergymen from Anglican Church welcomed. - Discussions opened to welcome back Marcel Lefevre's crowd who had been previously been excommunicated. - Other Christian Churches labelled as "cults." - The Moslem faith insulted. - The Jewish Faith insulted. - Opus Dei given free reign. - Barrier contraception fought during AIDS pandemic. - Popes to dress like Dorothy from Wizard of Oz - Millions leave the church. JPII, Benny 🏆
Absent fathers have been blamed for lots of stuff, including homosexuality.  Meanwhile, the author concentrates on males rather than ethnic / Muslim males. A study on percentage of young ethnic men from Muslim families and their high school / college graduation rates would be useful, but may be politically incorrect, so we are wandering around without valid data.
Some Gay clips for French Immersion class in Toronto; (frm 10 to 15 year-old &+); (".. .two girls who were the pair laughed so hard  that the most beautiful almost die...die of joy..." » (onYouTube)= Holden- Madrid (w/ French Lyrics) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWQmMjG-zUs  (onYouTube)= Laura Fabian “Comme Ils disent…” (w/French lyrics) (a song written for a Gay Man but “she” is the female part of Him) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUngIQnkpWI here’s the Male version by Marc Almond https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y36x3YKH7gY  Danielle Messia “De la main gauche” (w/French lyrics) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7WAtnfq6Y8  Patricia Kaas - Mademoiselle Chante le Blues https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z7npqBBa4o  CATHERINE LARA & VERONIQUE SANSON Entre elle et moi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5qWyow8TKk
What is wrong with it?  It seems to me that it sends the wrong message.  This priest is controversial. His stance on gay marriage and homosexuality is unclear.  He should not be invited anywhere to speak unless or until he clarifies his position on gay marriage and homosexuality.   That he is a priest in good standing does not necessarily mean anything.  Father Pfleger is a priest in good standing--that ain't saying much.  Being a priest in good standing does not necessarily indicate orthodoxy.  If the Cardinal invited Rush Limbaugh to talk to the priests--would you say "What is wrong with that?"
Why would fear of an axe wielding homosexual make me a homophobe or bigot anymore than fear of a sword wielding radical islamist make me a islamophobe or bigot? Can anyone explain that to me?
I thought the papal line referring to gay clerics in the Vatican was particularly relevant.
Martin says that gays should treat the hierarchy with respect. Since the hierarchy -- in general -- shows them no respect, why should they?
On the other hand, the gay couple can easily go down the street and have a cake made by a more willing provider. They don't have to adjust their devotion to same sex ideals, or their commitment to each other.  Their only personal harm is perhaps being a bit peeved, which is not yet a guaranteed right, as far as I know.
Michal Voris is NOT a legitimate representative of the Catholic Church.  He is a self-appointed vigilante with a supreme-sense of  ego-itis.  Neither Fr. Martin nor anybody else that he's gone on a rampage against---has any obligation to meet with him.  He's no different than a group of Baptists that I've heard about from a friend.  Seems that these Baptists are POSITIVE that universities and the Catholic church promote homosexuality.  The Baptists are marching against the major universities in Pittsburgh and two Catholic high schools.  Their rationale to do this is just as irrational as Voris bombastic claims.
"To my progressive friends who are disappointed that the pope has not changed the church’s position on birth control, celibacy, women priests and gay marriage, I urge you to look at what he has done. It is revolutionary. Let us celebrate and give thanks for Francis."  Fr. Tom, you are obviously a patient man.  Many of us do want to see more progress in our own lifetimes .
As my sainted sixth-grade teacher, Sister Mary Adelaide, often reminded us:  "What goes around, comes around."  Repubs will pay dearly for this vicious partisan and racist action to deny Barack Obama the presidential/constitutional right to nominate SCOTUS justices - all in the service of their corporate masters who must be protected at all costs.  When in the future the Democrats are back in the majority and have the presidency as well as they most certainly will, they will extract a bitter price from the Repubs for this political attack on our democracy.  In the meantime, a top Democratic political goal should be the complete defeat and political humiliation of Mitch McConnell.   I would suggest that the next Democratic nominee to SCOTUS should be a person of color, hopefully a married lesbian woman.
He refused to offer a service to gay couples that he offered to straight couples. That's a violation of Colorado law. It's amazing how libertarian people become when gay people are involved.
Michael, I agree with your comments. It is an enlightened approach which some people will not accept because it is in variation with what the Church teaches which is based on 2000-year-old concepts of human behavior.  It does not occur to people with this mindset that homosexuality is not a personal choice any more than heterosexuality is.  If a person truly has a homosexual orientation is it moral or ethical to expect that they should never have a loving intimate relationship with another human being? I don't think so, and it seems that more and more thinking & moral people are coming to this conclusion. The Church has not yet synchronized morality with normative human behavior as we have come to understand it through modern science and psychology.  What we need now is a scholar like Thomas Aquinas, who brought theology out of the dark ages and aligned it with Aristotle’s philosophy. It's time for another theological leap forward to align it with what modern understanding now offers.
"But when BLM-TO peacefully stopped the parade for 25 minutes to demonstrate against Pride’s own failings on issues of inclusion and to present a list of demands, it was attacked from within and outside the LGBTQ community:"  Ms Giese has an interesting take on how to structure a narrative.  BLM stopped the parade for "25 minutes" because 25 minutes is what it took for Parade organizers, under pressure to get the parade moving again, to agree to the demands made by BLM in order for them to move and allow the parade to proceed.  BLM-TO demonstrated "peacefully", only to the extent that others had to act against their will to allow a peaceful resolution, or at least a resolution that didn't require force to uphold.  If a man stands in the middle of my driveway with a sign, preventing me from backing my car out of the garage to go to work unless I'm prepared to hit him, ...is that man acting peacefully or aggressively
A good letter from Jim Bartley. Gee certainly misses the point made by BLM regarding police representation as part of Pride. His column was a mix of arrogance and ignorance  - a white washing that was surprising. I'm a straight, white middle aged women, and yet it's not rocket science to know that many black gay youth are served up a very different brand of policing than Marcus - and I ever would in Toronto.
correct, although the public morality on homosexuality is still wrong.  Levitcus was written by a body of rabbis with the same moral authority as the USCCB.  When the Air Force and Navy are forced to destroy all the nukes, I will grant you the Babylonian Rebi's views on gays.
A nicely written piece, and thankfully void of the cultural appropriation angle.  The point the author makes is applicable to anyone although perhaps more poignant for indigenous peoples.  The unfortunate truth is that for many, their main exposure to aboriginal peoples fits the stereotype portrayed in the article.  It seems a disproportionate number of our First Nations peoples – at least those in our larger cities -- suffer from substance dependence, mental illness, or both.  This perpetuates the myth, much like the debunked 1950s delusions that all Blacks are lazy, or most homosexuals are pederasts  Indigenous peoples would do well to celebrate their role models and successes --- this would be a much more positive step than the overreactions to the cultural appropriation kerfuffle.
In relation to "the dawn of creation," I would describe the Jewish texts as recent.   The "traditional views" you argue for are common to all the Abrahamic faiths, but among those it is primarily Christianity and Islam that have promulgated them around the world. I was pointing out that when we are able to investigate societal stances towards homosexuality prior to the advent of Christianity and Islam, (Jews not being such avid proselytizers) we find enough examples of the social accommodation of homosexuality (etc.) to prove the inaccuracy of claims of universal approbation. I referred above to one type of research shedding some light on the matter. There are others as well.   And yes, I'm aware that my views are recent.  I wasn't arguing merit, or its lack, based on relative antiquity. I was simply questioning your assertion of timeless universality.
The Globe editors need to understand there is a wide gulf between "helping in times of need" and deliberately throwing our borders open to illegally-entering economic migrants.    The Safe Third Country Agreement that says once a refugee is in a safe country, moving to a third country is only permitted through normal immigration channels.  But our bureaucrats have made a mockery of that agreement that Canada signed. They claim, by "policy," it only applies at recognised border crossings.  But no where in the international agreement does it say that.  This policy is plainly and simply bureaucrats doing an end-around an international agreement to which Canada is a signatory.  These bureaucrats should be fired for willfully defying the intent of a duly elected government's agreement.  Who is running this country, the elected MPs or the bureaucrats?  And Globe, trying to conflate helping 30 Chechnya gay men with allowing thousands of illegals is disingenuous at best.
First off, this letter was total BS. The idea that forcing a kosher/ME restaurant to offer something different, is NOT the same as saying that you will not sell to gays. HUGE difference.   And actually, religion absolutely should have NO aspects of business, when it involves INCs. As a conservative SCOTUS said, the SOLE purpose of INCs/LLC/etc is for making profits. Now, that does not involve religion.  We created INCs/LLC to take liability issues away from the owner and employees. But that requires a veil.  Now, you want it so that owners/employees can pierce it for their personal religions, but do not want to hold them responsible for their actions?  NOPE.   Just as Hobby Lobby owners and CEO pierced their veil with stealing foreign goods, they should be going to prison,instead of getting a minor slap on the wrist.
TV is not real ether. Take a look at some mug shots of real inmates. Meth use does nothing for "hot lesbians" but rot their teeth. Both you and Wavey are living in a fantasy world. Which will get you dead quicker than violating your self exposed curfew.
This is why I date a tranny.
Wow.  Not often that "discreet" and "homophobia" and "misogyny" appear in the same sentence.
Archer45: "Adolf Hilter was actually left wing. The Nazi party was very socialist."  -  No, it was very fascist. Nazis were "socialists" in name only, a ruse to siphon working class support from communist factions.   They bear no relation to the socialist bogeymen you've been taught are hiding under your bed, sipping $9 lattes and getting gay-married while stealing your jerbs in an effort to further the war on Christmas.
Good question, je me souviens. And also, why do "social conservatives" feel they have the right to control the private behavior of others? It wasn't that long ago in   conservative  states  that a married couple could be arrested for their private, consensual sexual  behavior, such as  "sodomy."  And as for gays and lesbians, their private behavior could bring long prison sentences.  Fortunately Oregon has progressed far beyond that police-state mentality.
And I, on the other hand, am having a hard time understanding what harm befell the baker.  His beliefs were not affected in any way, and his right to hold those beliefs still exists, wrong as they may be.  The only harm I can see is that he made himself feel, in some way, offended, by serving a gay couple.  In my professional life, I have had to wait on people I dislike and with whom I disagree.  I have had to serve people whose religion violates my deeply-held spiritual beliefs.  But yet, I did so, and that did not affect my position on anything in any way.  What is the big deal?
I can tell you who will be next.  After they take away rights from transgenders, it will be the gay community.  An assault on the rights of the Moslem community is also likely.  There are large numbers of Americans who are uncomfortable with minorities of any kind.  There was in fact a time not long ago when these people would discriminate against anyone who wasn't white, male and Protestant.    Trying to roll back the clock to a time when minorities were not acknowledged or even welcomed is all part and parcel of the GOP agenda.
"Men whose sexuality creates "a blockage in one's relational capacities," meaning that they can't relate to women well."  If inability to relate to women is a reason to bar someone from the priesthood, then how come so many of them, both heterosexual and homosexual, fill the ranks of the priesthood?
Biological differences are real, and extend beyond what hormone treatments affect, the geometry of male skeletal structure provides male athletes with a mechanical advantage.  Whether people like it or not, male to female transgenders are never competing on a fair playing field when competing with women. That we aren't able to acknowledge this anymore is rather disturbing.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6_7BOGUXHM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2NzpbrNb4M
Forget Madison, what the families have to do is to ship the corpse off to Poland, where gay folks receive the most *fabulous* of funerals. Indeed, I lost count at the number of priests (and one bishop!) at the burial of the notorious pedophile, Josef Weslowski, former papal nuncio to the Dominican Republic. (see picture below).  http://cdn.com.do/2015/09/05/sepultan-en-polonia-a-ex-nuncio-jozef-wesolowski/
Actually, he's very funny. I like him.   The reason left wing authoritarians hate him so much and want to shut him down is not because they are afraid of his ideas. It's because they fear so much the sound that comes from his audience.   Laughter.  It seems to be the right that went out and got him this time. I suspect they just didn't like seeing a gay Jewish Catholic become so prominent in their ranks.
Convening it around July 4th, one can surmise that religious liberty will dominate the agenda, particularly in the RCC's hierarchical demands for religious freedom regarding sexual issues, gay marriage, transgenders.  I wonder how much planning of the agenda was composed of non clerics to lead committees? While the idea sounds nice, it can be a very controlling convention. Meeting in Disney World underscores the fantasy parallel that voices of the People of God will be unmuzzled.  Then again, who are the delegates?  How were they selected, vetted, etc.?  Will there be a prophetic willingness to unequivocally stand in solidarity with the 11 million immigrants whose lives are in jeopardy by this soulless administration?  Yuge number of immigrants have been watered in baptism.  Will these members of the Household of the Faith be given sanctuary in RC churches.  "Sanctuary" has had a 1,000 year Christian Catholic tradition. Stand with it. Bet they won't matter beyond pious pablum.
Sanity has been restored at the White House.  It is unfortunate that trans gender people think as they do, but it is ludicrous to force the majority of people to change social norms to accommodate how people think.
"Left wingers" want equal rights for everyone, legalized gay marriage, etc. Right wingers want to take Canada back to the 1960s, where women stayed at home, non whites were not allowed to immigrate to Canada, gay marriage was illegal, and you didn't have to know how to read or write to get a decent middle class job.
Then the Gay community should stop voting her in.  She's a destructive politician who is only out for her own good on the premise that she's doing great things for Church Street.  She's doing nothing for my part of the city which is in her riding.
I am gay. They would kill me if they could.  Orlando was an act of piety for Allah.
God, guns, gays and gabortion: the Holy Four Gs of Republicanism. All the Pete Kellys of the world have to do is hit these red-button issues in the primaries and they are guaranteed to make it to the general. After that, GOD FORBID Alaskans should vote for a Democrat! They're big tax-and-spenders!  Folks in this state will never learn...
Much appreciated article. Living in a slightly rural part of Ontario it is sometimes difficult to know how to address the gay muslim delemia particulary as it relates to orientation and the standard muslin doctrine. I found this article remarkably articulate and covered the many sensitive manners in a clear and positive way. Particulary as a gay white male it encompassed many aspects I had wondered about.  Most informative and encouraging.
It may help cure Aids and other STD's. Maybe that will help alleviate some of the fear about gay people and straight people who have eeeeeeeeeevil consensual sex. Maybe it will cure sexophobes so they don't have to buy so many toys to take care of their needs.
Again, Elagabalus, I don't think the issue is that simple. Indeed, from your and my perspective, a reasonable business proprietor living in a morally diverse society would adopt tolerance among those with different moral values as a positive virtue to be practiced in religiously diverse societies. But what are the limits? That is the problem! How do we accommodate people of honest, but scrupulous conscience?   Religious freedom and laws do conflict. True respect for freedom on conscience requires us to think out of our moral boxes. More often than not, I am inclined to direct my moral anger at religious leaders. So here, I have empathy for the poor baker, but none for the religious leaders of his faith, which I assume to be Christian, who irrationally continue to support gay discrimination on faulty biblical exegesis.   But religious freedom constrains the courts from ruling against irrational, bigoted, exegesis. SCOTUS will require great wisdom on this one, me thinks.
Absolutely. It applies to any marriage, even an undeclared gay one. The reason for the drive for marriage equality is because long-separated families who were technically next of kin banished the husband or wife from the hospital room when their spouse was dying. Marriage is when you turn in your natal family for a chosen one. Gays too. That whole passage, by the way, was about marriage and divorce, not homosexuality. Bad proof texting on your part and the asexual clergy's.
"The funny thing is, people think that being gay means you are going to vote liberal."  It isn't a guarantee, just a strong strong likelihood.  Just like being in a public sector union means you -likely- won't vote Conservative and if you make more than $150,000/year you -likely- won't vote Liberal.    The funny thing is when people think that broad demographic statements are intended to mean 100% universality when no-one has ever actually said that.
Because you have not seen wrongdoing in public restrooms,  doesn't mean that there is no wrong doing going on in public restrooms.  Ask any police officer what goes on in public restrooms.  Drug transactions,  gay hook ups,  assaults, public masturbation,  indecent exposure.  Public restrooms can be nasty dangerous places even in otherwise seemingly safe areas.   Public restrooms need to be locked after hours to maintain public safety.  Sending kids into public restrooms alone is dangerous.  Public restrooms can be dangerous for all including adult men.
And yet, when violence shuts down a gay Catholic from speaking at UC Berkeley, NCR is silent.  When will NCR understand that if it condones violence against anyone's free speech, it is disrespecting the legacy of Dorothy Stang and others like her?
Unfortunately, it is the clerical church that has been 'hung up' on sex much, much more than ordinary Catholics.  It was/is the job of popes [called PONTIFFS---bridge builders] to build bridges to all peoples---including the homosexual community.  The last two popes burned bridges more than built them.  Not only didn't the hierarchy and some members of the clergy not build bridges, they didn't even bother to TRY to listen to what the LBGT community was saying.  NONE of us are responsible for the elements that contributed to our conception and formation as humans in the womb.  And none should be judged guilty for the results of that conception.  The only "disordered tendencies" are coming from those, both hierarchy/clergy and laity who refuse to educate themselves on the nature of same sexual orientation in all of God's creation of animals. Since humanity belongs to the animal kingdom [as opposed to the plant kingdom], some humans are also CREATED same-sex as God directs.
Call it what you want, but it is incorrect. The phrase, "freedom of expression" does not appewr in the Constitution.  Worth your time? You do not understand the law, the constitution nor how it relates to this issue.  Again, you do not have the right to discriminate. There is nothing in the Constitution about your right to discriminate. You do not have the right to not be offended. This is the one you are really having trouble understanding.   The law is clear. Sexual orientation is a protected class in Colorado. The baker is not even arguing against that. Open a business and you can not refuse to serve gays. Don't like it? Either don't open a business or move to,a state that allows people to be rude and discriminate. There are 30 of them.
Kinda like the whole marriage issue. You take one quote and erect it into the sole criterion for good and evil - then totally ignore dozens of quotes and the real core messages of Jesus which would certainly not support a literal reading of the marriage discourse.  You manage to find a quote of Jesus having a whine at, well, everybody really. And miss out a positive tirade against the Burke's of this world, blind guides, whitened sepulchres, full of dead men's bones and all kinds of corruption, loaders of burdens on people's shoulders, and many more.  I sometimes picture Jesus in heaven looking at the holes in his hands and shaking his head saying, "Me! Do they really think I did all this so that they would all dress up and have circuses?!"  And if your version of Jesus is correct, I'm not really sure I'd want to be in his company, certainly not forever. Think I'll go and be one of those homosexualist things.
Perhaps you should mind your own business as Catholic Schools are Private schools and perhaps you shouldn't be teaching Islam in public schools and perhaps you shouldn't be teaching five year olds, primary students sex education, what their vaginas and penises are and in Grade 3, homosexuality and gender identity.  These are children not adults.  Oh yes and their teachings of masturbation in Grade 6.  Of course, they don't teach them what you call "SELF CONTROL" and what kind of diseases they can get until Grade 7.  Should be minding your own business as it is the parents' responsibility, not yours.
Welcome to "higher" education. At CU-Boulder, "The Black Student Alliance is an organization that serves as an advocate of the African/African American/ Black and entire underrepresented voice on campus and wishes to expose all students, faculty, and staff of the University of Colorado Boulder to new ideas and experiences in order to create positive change."    Here's the link to all the "race-based" scholarships for students at CU: https://colorado.uloop.com/scholarships/african-american-scholarships. Here's the faculty committees at CU: Faculty Council Committees •Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer + (LGBTQ+) Committee •Women's Committee •Ethnic and Minority Affairs (EMAC) Committee   Get the stark picture? Many universities have separate student buildings based on ethnicity, sexual preference, countries of origin, etc. They all violate the Civil Rights Act but "higher" education doesn't care. Racial, ethnic, sexual, religious commodities are what matter.
Okay - I am fine with disagreeing.  If you aren't trying to bait conflict, please don't paint an entire group of people (i.e., progressives) as hypocrites.    Prop 8 was an evolving issue.  Those who supported it were able to shut down gay marriage in Calfornia.  They won.  Then, there was the appeal to the Supreme Court that ultimately decided the Constitution protected same-sex marriage.  No duplicity here.   This is very similar to what happened in 1967 here in Virginia when the Court ruled that Virginia's prohibition of interracial marriage was illegal (Loving v. Virginia).  Your side is betting the farm that the appointment of Gorsch will swing the Court to reverse on Roe.  This is the mechanism of a democracy.  The framers were absolutely brilliant.
Multiculturalism should not mean that we (the west) tolerate another culture's intolerance.  If we do in fact support diversity, woman's rights, and gay rights , then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity.   And we need to say unambiguously to Muslims living in the West: If you want to live in our societies, to share in their material benefits, then you need to accept that our freedoms are not optional. They are the foundation of our way of life; of our civilization – a civilization that learned, slowly and painfully, not to burn heretics, but to honor them.
If you are heterosexual, then you are using it as intended.  If you are bisexual, and some are, the same is true now and was true before.  Variant means fewer than the norm.  Norm, by the way, is not about good and bad but simply frequent or infrequent.
I responded to your comment. I agree that it wasn't a violation of the forum rules, wasn't a bigoted comment, and that it raised a valid point.  Out of all the provinces and territories in Canada, Ontario is the only one to intervene in a case that deals with an LGBTQ issue. And out of all the provinces and territories in Canada, only Ontario has a non-heterosexual premier. It's reasonable to ask if the premier of Ontario is acting out of the interest of all her constituents, or only a small number of them.
I think the "gay pride" movement was an effort to encourage homosexuals to come "out of the closet" and openly acknowledge their homosexuality rather than hide it.  I feel that "pride" was the replacement for "shame."  I don't recall any gay individual proclaiming he/she was "better" than a heterosexual, but definitely proclaiming that his/her homosexuality did NOT mean they were inferior.  I see it as a repudiation of the "don't ask, don't tell" and, instead, gays saying "yes, I'm gay but that does not diminish my humanity."  I happen to agree with the last statement...If that's "gay pride", I'm supportive.  I'd enjoy hearing from a gay individual on this issue.  Thanks, Gary Crum
You've just demonstrated my point.  You are the very cliche of the social justice warrior I was talking about!  You support abortion, homosexual marriage and, if I'm not mistaken, euthanasia.    On one hand you help to promote the culture of death and increase spiritual poverty and then on the other hand, you preach loudly about what appears to be a highly intersectionalized type of social justice.
Even the most cursory look at Catholic doctrine and tradition should tell you that heterosexual tendencies and homosexual tendencies are not to be treated equally. No amount of believing that they should be will ever make the difference.
What about gay pride?
Really. So the OP stated that jokes about homosexuals are funny. First, I assume that none of your "circle of friends/family" are homosexual and, if they are, I suspect they certainly would not admit it to you. So, in the event you do actually have friends/family who are homosexual, you and they think it is funny for you to make jokes about their sexuality? I seriously doubt that. One thing we can agree on, based on your comments, is that I certainly would not fit in with your "circle".
"The years in which police were the enemy, raiding bathhouses and rounding up gay people, are over." > Yes now we are in the years of the police snooping on your internet or cell phone, sniffing your house for weed and pulling you over for random checks.
I thought I had replied to you twice now but I have re-read the relevant posts and I'll try again. Normally when a man says, "I am married," one naturally assumes he has a wife, even when a man says he has a partner the assumption is 'live in girlfriend'. I now see where you are coming from. I recall that when I was a training supervisor a trainee often talked about his partner. After a couple of days he let slip that this partner was a man. His trainer, a woman, religious but not Catholic, nearly fell off her chair in shock. I have known and had friendships with many people I have suspected of being homosexual but never knew. I have also encountered homosexuals who were quite blasé about it, what you call 'in your face', one sounding off in detail about his relationships in a crowded works smoking room. Heterosexuals despite what the polls say are not really comfortable with homosexuality, at most they tolerate it these days or are forced to by legislation.
Again, by raising scripture you foreclose natural law argument. You have resorted to authority. Fine for you, kills debate. You are putting piety over people. Don't blame God for your judgmet without reason. If Jesus were telling the story of the good Samaritan today, it would be the good homosexual. That you are probably getting very angry at the thought shows that it is bigotry, not piety, that forms your conscience on this issue. That would not be a problem except that young gays kill themselves because they think they are beyond hope (rather than simply ignoring false doctrine) or because it enables bullying which also leads to suicide.
That's not really what the law states though. It's unlawful to promote genocide against transgender people or to spread lies about transgender people in the willful promotion of violence or discrimination. Even then, being jailed for this is not a likely outcome.  Perhaps in certain professional contexts deliberately misgendering someone could be considered vaguely akin to using ethnic slurs. Ordinarily, however, if I preferred to be referred to as 'zir' and you refused, that would at worst be discourteous depending on your perspective, I suppose. You are free to refer to me by any pronoun as far as the law is concerned. What is it you think I could have you charged with under Bill C-16? Which part of that legislation leads you to believe you would be confined in a box?
I'm sure our man on the US Supreme Court, the folksy Neil "gosh, gee willikers" Gorsuch will have a perfectly good explanation.  Just as he will when he joins the decision in favor of the "religious" anti-gay baker and undoes a half century of civil right progress.
Lifesitenews needs to be careful of the slanderers thing. Sadly, addicts are sometimes boy prostitutes, but they need help, not damnation. All of these are moralistic teaching to a parish by its patriarch in anticipation of an imminent divine return that did not happen. Timothy was teaching about law and assuming its veracity. He did not acknowldge sodomy, his attitudes were a given. Romans 1 simply states the proposition that in a pluralistic, non-theocratic socieity, people will be openly gay, as Rome was. That is social commentary, not moral analysis. Try understanding what is written rather than proof texting it.
Neither do old people who get married.  You can accept children and not bear them, but the impediment is the ability to have sex.  You can weasel your way around it with clerical idealism, but sex is sex, gay or straight.
All of a sudden the economic migrants with wives and children claim (after meeting their funded Canadian lawyer and getting drama lessons) that  they're LGBTQ and have a well founded fear of persecution back home and so are granted status and PR. Also a couple of CBC sob stories benefits their claim. The day these LGBTQ claimants get Canadian PR/citizenship they are on the plane back home to where they were supposedly fearing for their lives to buy houses and establish residency. We know how it works my friend.
A transgender person is one whose gender identity does not conform to expectations based on their assigned sex, and assigned sex is exactly that: how the delivering doctor described you based on inspection.  Some transgender persons do wish to undergo gender-affirmation surgery, some don't.  Gender identity is not a binary thing.  It's our culture that is set up that way, and conformance to gender stereotype is pretty much expected.  Also, gender-affirmation surgery is quite expensive, and until recently - and only if you have a job with great benefits - covered by insurance.  So the most that many transgender folks who want to transition can practically do is hormone treatments and of course social transition - presenting according to their gender identity. Hence the freakout.  So the issue here is really a very complicated one that requires a lot of discussion. And yes, greater use of gender-neutral or family restrooms with private stalls would. So too locker rooms...
You call it homophobia, an aggressive, accusatory word that falsely implies hatred for the sinner rather than the sin.  What you further blindly ignore is that until sexual politics entered the picture --- people demanding the right to free statutes that prohibited certain sexual conduct --- gay sex was forbidden by virtually every society since the dawn of creation.  Forbidden as a result of indoctrination, or as result of mankind knowing what is averse to human nature?  To say the former is absurd.  Get your head out of the sand.
Larry Craig didn't hang out in public bathrooms because they were or were not dangerous. It was because (to paraphrase bank robber Willie Sutton) it was because "that's where the MEN are."  He was well known in Union Station long before his attempted tryst in MSP.  Like Mark Foley, the club protected him. Denny Hastert was the sergeant-at-arms in the Club. Larry didn't proposition anyone who wasn't interested, as far as we know. Foley did, with capitol pages. Denny kept the heat off of him, even though gay Rep. Jim Kolbe (R-AZ1) warned him.  Hastert, like Foley, was indeed a pedophile, and lived with his boy friend in the capitol for years. in the Halls of Congress, bathrooms may indeed have been dangerous.  (Calling Ed Schrock, calling Ed Schrock.) Personally, I believe ex-felon (thanks to a state appeals court appointed by fellow Republicans) Tom DeLay was a much more dangerous person to the public at large.  (DeLay laundered $20,000 from former Alaska Halfway House  owner Cornell.)
Obama had kept the ban in place for almost his entire two terms in office. And he found a way to retain it throughout his final months. With a year’s review, the transgender recruits could only be accepted after he was out of the White House. That way he could have his social justice cake and eat it too. He would get the credit for ending the transgender ban without dealing with any of the problems.
Mass culture lowers the bar so lip synch is perceived as art even though it is something in entertainment. Even in temples of High Art, also known as blue chip art, mainstream art, one finds mass culture conflated with these in an attempt to not offend any group. Notwithstanding this, the Constitution protects the rights of a person, not any group of persons, such as a gay drag lip sync group boozing it up etc in Waikiki in the middle of the night. This has to do with the meme that High Art etc is, god forbid, ELITE, and as such, discriminatory against the group following the lip sync culture. Marx, who advocated for equality between the workers and peasants by killing off the capitalists would not permit lip sync to be afforded state support. As to gender, what gender one is is a biological fact, not a linguistic artifact and I am not obligated to use the artifact language because in doing so I am not discriminating against a minority group.
Spoken like the true Democrat puppet that you are earhole. What charges? Theres NOTHING there. So now what? Russia gate is a wash, so that leaves you losers with nothing. Oh, LGBT anger, media profanity, and fake impeachment. And yet your TRUMP card, yes pun intended, is Joe Biden? What a joke. Why would anyone would want to be a Democrat right now?
Continue to stand strong LGBT community.  Yes, indeed, you'll overcome and you have.
I am gay and I know my fate under sharia Muslim law. All across the Muslim world, gays can be thrown from high place, which in the Koran could mean a cliff or mountain, but in practice can simply be a tall building. Toronto has many tall buildings that will suffice. Gays are also executed in mass hangings in public squares, by hoisting a number of them by their necks from a crane. Children can then throw rocks at the corpses. Dundas Sq will nicely for that. If all else fails to exterminate gays there is still the simple gun shot to the head, or sword to the neck. It is all Inshallah, the will of Allah. There is nothing we can do to stop it, because it is Islamophobia to object. M-103 is part of the solution to the persistence of gays in Canada. Orlando was doing the will of God and  I will be denounced as hate filled Islamophobe  if  I try to defend myself.
Nonsense.  Where exactly is that incontrovertible proof that he abused two boys 40+ years ago?  Accusation is enough?  Where has anyone called for dismissal  or disregard of the allegations?  Certainly I have not.  Calling for that proof before condemning someone of this heinous crime is not "rabid attack." Condemning someone before such proof is received is wrong.  Cardinal Pell is very traditional and known to be supportive of Church teaching on homosexuality.  Could this have anything to do with the judgments being lobbed?  Just some questions for serious discussion only.  There is need for that - this is not a topic worth of snark or sarcasm.  Lives hang in the balance.
There is no "conservative" wing in the RCC. The pope and every single bishop are opposed to women's and LGBTQ human rights. Only some are more PR conscious than others in order to play to sycophant media like Gibson who did not report:  The pope's deputy, Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin, congratulated Trump on Nov. 9 noting that the election “was characterized by a large turnout at the polls.”(see “Voter turnout at 20-year low in 2016”) Parolin said the first issue on which the Vatican would “collaborate” with Trump was peace. The second was “the internal [domestic] issues” of the US Church such as “religious freedom.”He added that in the early aftermath of the American presidential election, “the future leader has already spoken like a leader.”
You forgot the psych eval. Considering trans was listed as a psychological illness before DSM V came out, I'm wondering how he passed the psych, especially with a nearly 50% suicide rate among trans people.
Richard, there is a wealth of scientific information on transgender people. Numerous behavioral, neurological and physiological studies have been conducted. There is a lot of evidence to support the idea that people are neurologically wired closely to their target gender. If you were an intellectually honest person you'd research this, but I think we both know you'll go right on making smug, dismissive comments about "men with a mental disorder" because doing so supports your preconceived ideas and takes less effort than examining the facts.
""""Let's see what BLM brings to the parade this time around. """"  It's a Gay pride parade.  Why in hell should BLM be invited after what they pulled last year.
"Iqra Khalid's televised use of a recent attack on a mosque as proof to convince people of the bill's authority - post hoc, ergo propter hoc; Argumentum ad Populum, argumentum ad passiones"  firefox: Has Khalid ever publicly commented on the Orlando massacre or condemned ISIS/ISIL for throwing homosexuals from rooftops? Does she believe that the motivation that inspired the Charlie Hebdo terrorists was utterly immoral? I certainly like to know about these things. You also have to wonder about her perspective on human rights when the prevailing Islamic view, as enunciated in the Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam, is premised on the position that the Western approach to human rights is essentially a relativistic Judeo-Christian construct. The contrasting Western and Islamic concepts of human rights are as different as apples and oranges. In which does Khalid believe? I'd certainly like to know.
Announcing the "fact" they are coming to the area quite prominently on your webpage is "promoting." Essentially free advertising for them. You don't announce every restaurant opening in the Portland metro area do you? And, for the record, you still don't seem very concerned about their bigoted LGBT policies. When you do a post about that I'll agree you are not promoting them.
"Rodney", LGBT was never a cause in San Francisco until Harvey Milk was executed by a "Twinkie defense" former SFPD cop.  1978.  The Sea Explorer Scouts taught us how to sail "a boat without a rudder" on San Francisco Bay.  Merit Badges awarded.  Virgil's "Rudderless ship of state"?  Trump.  Not to worry about "the gays".
The Advertiser needs to hire an able editor.  Lesbians excluded from Gay Pride Parade, 1975, San Francisco.  This behavior was so outrageous, Dykes on Bikes have lead the Parade every year since.  The Advertisers use of poor AP wire stories serves our local citizens no good way.  Sad.
I never said I believed in fairy tales, nor did I discuss the 14th amendment which was specifically written to make former slaves full voting citizens. Your only basis for your non arguments are the spate of ridiculous anti discrimination regs, which do not and cannot violate the primary natural inalienable right to free speech, free association, free exercise of religion. There is no RIGHT to a wedding cake or personal services. An individual's 1st amendment RIGHT is paramount. There is no infringement on a gay persons legal rights by not "serving him" a luxury, not necessary to life cake.
It's very sad and disturbing to hear about how much violence and suffering LGBTQ people still face in the world. There is still much homophobia right here in Canada, although not to the degree we see in other countries. From their voting record and public statements, it is clear to me that the conservative party remains very much opposed to equality rights for LGBTQ people. They claim to speak for God, and continue to align themselves with anti-gay lobby groups, thus perpetuating hate and ignorance in our society.   I believe that we can fight hate with love, and that compassion and acceptance will prevail. In the mean time, Canada should stop doing business with nations that persecute LGBTQ people.
Your last remark is condescending.  (That comes from a gay man.)  And I suspect that's exactly how you intended it.  To answer your question:  WE, the people have decided what constitutes a class.  By identifying a specific group, and targeting it for discrimination, we create the  group, draw the attention of the government, and than pass legislation to protect it.  I suppose to those of you who worry about nazis, we could make them a class, but I'm not seeing a rush to do that.  Have nazis historically been the target of discrimination?
Yeah, one one hand I do think familiarity helps. When people meet people they do tend to reassess their beliefs, at least for the one individual.  On the other hand employers are very sensitive to how their employees make them look, or think they make them look.  I had a small experience. About 15 years back I decided I wanted to dye my hair white for an event. My employer hadn't seen it until I got back and completely flipped out (which was weird too, since he was gay and live in West Hollywood so I expected more open mindedness there).  But the argument was they were worried what clients might think (despite my being Risk Manager and having about zero customer interaction). I had to point out to him that just about every woman in the office dyed their hair, some obviously non-natural colors.  They eventually backed down but the point was made, what was OK for some of one gender was not OK for another.
1} "Infanticide" is the killing of a preborn child by any means, not just PBA. 2} As an attorney and former prosecutor, I can assure you PBA has not been "banned". 3} I do not believe NRTLC views infanticide as a "state's rights" issue. 4} Even if they did, that position is morally indefensible. 5} Please demonstrate how the Church "violates its own doctrines by not performing homosexual weddings" {this ought to be good}. 6} Kindly demonstrate to this simple lawyer just what, exactly, is "settled" law re ROE.
The idea of a homosexual orientation (as opposed to heterosexual men indulging in same-sex "acts") is surprisingly modern, is it not?
Frankly, I think the Church has the power and the right to withhold sacraments in countless more situations than it does; communion, in particular.  Those who are silently mindful of mortal sin quietly receive communion every week.   So I don't think it is outrageous for the Church to make public proclamation and act accordingly when someone makes the most public declaration of rejection of Church teaching as a homosexual makes when he/she commits to a lifetime of engaging in and/or embracing same-sex sodomy.
So, why did not Jesus mention the subjects of homosexuality or Natural Law anywhere in the Gospels?  And how and why did the church make the jump to the early mediaeval Penitential Books?
Oh, now you're trying to change the subject, Kearon.  We're talking about your fear mongering LGBT community, Pinocchio fantasies about what is or isn't going on in public bathrooms.   The public is far more fearful of a child being kidnapped, raped, or molested in a public bathroom by a stranger.  A stranger can be a a heterosexual man, woman, priest, or even another child of the same sex.  We can stretch your paranoia as far as you'd like.  I don't go looking for trouble in the public bathrooms.  So sorry you have a phobia.  Get some psychiatric counseling.  It's okay to go to talk therapy.  Perhaps we bloggers can take up a donation and send the donation to a therapist of your choice.  Seriously.
The rules are 1300 years old and need amending - acceptance of gays, non believers and cartoonists would be a good start
Mr. DeCuir - this observation, IMO, is correct:  "...collapses any meaningful distinctions of persons & groups within both Evangelicalism & the Catholic right"  Sorry, you mention Trump's evangelical critics - keep in mind that this opinion piece is about the Civilta article .......those same critics were for Trump before they were against Trump.  And, by the way, they are still part of the Evangelical-right wing Catholic union - since Civilta had little to say directly about Trump (you are shifting subjects).  Think Garnett would be much more nuanced than Ross on religious liberty but you are correct - find Garnett to over-react and take positions on same sex marriage, birth control, and gays that fit more into a cultural war attitude.  And the USCCB - still fighting the last century's wars - nothing more needs to be said.
Really quite irrelevant that they spend more on ED, just how many transgenders do you think there are in the military?  Probably 50000 viagra requests for every transgender request.  Money isn't the issue really, the rates of suicide and depression among the transgender community are far higher than what would be acceptable in the military.  Suicidal behavior in a soldier gets other soldiers killed.
How often did the Holy Father "call out" Barry O for his support of infanticide and homosexual unions? You know, issues that actually matter.
"I've always marveled at how any self-respecting member of this community could vote republican"   Hillary is getting ready to write a book about that very subject. I will save you the price of the book by stating that people voted for Republicans to the tune of 1000 lost legislative seats over the last decade and Trump as president because the Democrat Party's message sucks. This manufactured transgender crisis is proof of that flawed message.
I think this apology is particularly facile given the current trial in Nova Scotia in which Rev. Brett Hawkes is answering to charges laid under a law that was deemed to be discriminatory and eliminated three decades ago. The Queen was able to posthumously pardon Alan Turing, the brilliant mathematician whom many credit with being one of the founders of modern computing, who was persecuted and hounded to death for his sexuality. Were the Trudeau government serious about addressing injustice, it would forbid retroactive prosecution under the redundant and persecutory legal regime that ensnared thousands of Canadians merely for being caught being gay and would pardon all those who were/are so affected. Otherwise, the current apology being proposed by the government amounts to little more than convenient political paternalism.
Once and for all, leave this poor baker, his family and his business alone. It's obvious that the cake could be obtained easily elsewhere. He is following his conscience, hurting no one- except for their feelings, and even though it's not the issue, he clearly doesn't hate anybody. He is simply trying to do the right thing in a manner which is far more in alignment with the founding, traditional and historical values of this nation than that which would shove a "new morality" virtually- and legally- down his throat. Much in this country could be resolved with adherence to this fundamental principle:  "Other people's stuff doesn't belong to you"  The business belongs to him. If this distresses you, go start a gay wedding cake business. It's a free country... or at least it used to be.
Here's my compromise. All businesses that wish to discriminate based on race, sexual orientation, religion, or any other reason must advertise their homophobia, racism and/or bigotry with a large sign right over the door to their business or on their website. Than I, as an educated consumer, am free to take my business elsewhere and spend my money with businesses that do not abuse my friends, family, or other members of my community!
"One is an ideology that one chooses, the other in a innate state of being that a person has no control over." Not to the gay hating true believers. They fit homosexuality into your first category.
Holy cow Margret. You're bang on with this column. If a woman wants marriage, children and stability today she really has to combine luck in meeting the right guy with clarifying what she wants from a budding relationship. Since women will find these ingredients harder to come by in the future, I predict many more lesbian households with children produced from donated sperm (goodness knows there's no shortage of supply).
In CHrome:  Define:homophobia ho·mo·pho·bi·a ˌhōməˈfōbēə/￼ noun dislike of or prejudice against homosexual people.  Huh. Ever wonder where fake news stories come from and why so many are from the far right?
its not a trump fiasco its a military fiasco I do not want people joining the military and then get a sex change at taxpayers expense Mattis said those that are already transgender can stay in as long as there fit to fight but to join and get a sex change and do nothing but sit around for four years to complete the sex change is putting more burden on other soldiers who have to pick up the slack this is a military matter not a civilian matter the American Communist Liberal Union just don't understand that, as I said before if this happened in WWII some of us would be lamp shades and the rest of us would be speaking German.
Fascist Totalitarian activists on university campus shut down free speech on Israel on abortion on feminism on rights of men on gay marriage on Gender neutral pronouns - on issues the left does not like - who are these Fascist Totalitarian activists on university campus? - Leftist activist students indoctrinated by leftist activist professors stuck in the left leaning ivory tower - there is no equivalent Rightist activist students
That is actually an interseting point, if you are a lawyer.  It is literally discrimination according to Colorado law.  Making a cake for a gay wedding is not an endorsement of gay marriage, ask Jesus.
There is lots of outdated misinformation woven though these posts.  Cracker Barrel is a nationwide chain, not just a "southern" chain.  The food is all cooked from scratch every day and FOR THE PRICE POINT is very tasty.  Their issues with with LGBT discrimination way back in the 90s have long been addressed.  Cracker Barrel now has many LGBT staff and managers across the country and a very positive supportive culture.  The gift shop is best known for hard to find retro food items from different regions of the country and odd items.  Their women's clothing buyer used to be a buyer for Nordstrom.  Do I work for them?  No.  My gay partner does -- and he loves it.  It's not an art director's hangout and doesn't ever pretend to be -- but it's good on a road trip for most of the rest of us. I'd suggest folks lighten up and enjoy it for what it is.
Arguing in neo-Marxist platitudes? Yes, that person was born a he, so it seems nature is "anti-trans microaggressing," according to your neo-Marxist Critical Gender Theory beliefs.
You didn't choose to be heterosexual, you were born that way.  About 3% of the human population is born homosexual - it's a naturally occurring biological variant.
2 of the 5 were native themselves, one of them was gay.  Many of the people in the " indigenous" ceremony were not even natives but Social Justice Warriors of all races.
Thank you for clarifying. It is interesting that you have seen gay couples worshipping at Imago Dei. I'm tempting to take you at your word that gay couples are welcome to attend services, but I'm curious how far the 'agree-to-disagree' position would go. Are gay couples welcomed as full members of the community or merely patronized as potential converts to turn away from their "lifestyle".    I understand from Imago Dei's position papers* that the church will not marry gay and lesbian couples or allow unrepentant gay and lesbians to hold leadership positions. I can't imagine joining a religious community, but celebrating marriage outside of the community.   Presumably, Jules Bailey is in the same boat as LGBT members as he is apparently remarried after a unbiblical divorce.   *http://idccentral.com/beliefs/position-papers/
I grew up in a very violent background and had a lot of uncivilty in my household to include stabbing and overly aggressive people and I still sing the same tune. Although I believe in gay rights, I also believe in people having the right not to be forced to do things for others.
I thought Lemieux was extremely well spoken (and bilingual) in the debate, but I don't know much about him.  Went to his website and there's very little there.  He appears to have anti-abortion and anti-gay rights views, but wondering if these would be policy influencers or if he intends to cast them aside from a governing perspective (similar to Harper or Brown in Ontario).
Fact over 43 percent of Transgenders commit suicide, and that rate only drops point 2 percent if they have surgery thus they are a mental health risk to the military.
Growing up in the 1950's I had a gay uncle. He was charming and well educated with a lot of friends but they were all in the "closet". I saw my uncle dressed as a woman several times. In 1952 an American soldier had a sex reassignment surgery in Denmark that made world news and he became Christine Jorgensen.  So I know for a fact that there have been members of the LBGT community in this nation since I was born and before that I am sure. So until some good Christians just in the last couple of years brought up the horror of having to share a restroom with a LBGT person what did transgender  or cross dressing people did before this if they had to "go"?  In the woods?  The GOP self appointed righteous always fixing a problem that does not exist.
Agreed, but that's just it, Richard: the previous administration's repeated erosion of our armed forces through countless social experiments like transgender "integration" was just about that: feelings.  The  PC zealots and Leftist neo-Marxists in the previous administration thought with their feelings-- and the operational readiness of our forces suffered because of it.
Thanks, Mokantx. I know some people probably think as you outlined . . . just like there are those who persistently call it a "problem of gay priests." These are ways of deflecting from the main problem of predation among the clergy and the willingness to conceal it.
Well of course not to the low information crowd.  They are always the last to make the bridge over.   Last to let go of the horse and buggy.  Last to accept homosexuals.  Last to admit smoking causes cancer (despite not being proven).   They suffer from extreme cognitive dissonance and we are still waiting for them to recognize climate change, EV's and the utter imbecility of voting for conservatives as stewards of the economy...  kinda like a Trump supporter saying to get rid of Obamacare and not realizing he will now die sooner due to his condition because of it.  Low information and rhetoric are their motivators.
It is an interesting situation.  Another case is feminists are about to get in a big squabble with transgender activists.
Québécoise transgender actress Gabrielle Tremblay for her FIRST film role received her FIRST nomination and the FIRST transgender to be nominated as Best Actress in a Supporting role to the Canadian Screen Award for her performance in the film « Ceux qui font les révolutions qu’à moitié n’ont fait que creuser leur tombeau» (Those Who Make Revolution Halfway Only Dig Their Own Graves/  best Canadian Film at TIFF, 2016/ see trailer onYouTube= https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaLBRRbyYzw)  (copy-paste in wb address)   and an interview (onYouTube)= L'actrice transgenre Gabrielle Boulianne-Tremblay à Tout Le Monde En Parle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PmKpmVfl68
Jim,   I agree that the GOP targeted disaffected voters, but I believe, they did this without considering the long term affects. The short term affects were indeed enticing; giving the religious Right the issue of abortion and gay rights and pumping up hate and anger towards the govt. did indeed bring many to the polls. And, yes, I do think that they thought these new recruits would adopt the party's tradition values or, if they didn't, they would be able to be controlled (sadly very wrong).  Still, I believe that, for a very long time now, there have been clear signs that things were getting out of control and that these signs were ignored. Little by little, the moderates capitulated to the demands (often, blackmail and hostage taking) of the fringe of the Party. Now the fringe has taken over.    I agree, in the beginning, naiveté could have been an excuse. However, with the rise of the Tea Party, I think the danger the GOP was in was clear and this danger seems to have been ignored.
It should be clear to Liberals,, especially if they support the LGBTQ community, that what Milo's stated at his press conference more than explains his context. When others like Lena Dunham, George Takei or Bill Maher make similar pedo remarks, you don;t hear the same condemnation.  It Is only because types like Southey Fear what Milo brings to the discussion.She knows she can't go toe to toe with Milo. Few can.  Milo isn't going anywhere.
From Paproki's July 9 column:  "[C]anon law prohibits ecclesiastical funeral rites only in cases of 'manifest sinners' which gives 'public scandal,' and something such as using birth control is a private matter that is usually not manifest or made public."   Need to bone up on manifest sinner?  Catholic.org defines it as he/she who "pigheadedly continues to 'persist' or 'stand firm' in grave sin that is 'public' in nature." If this isn't explicit enough, Catholic.org offers this image: ". . .  manifest, obstinate, persistent sinners such as homosexual couples approaching the Eucharist arm-in-arm or with sodomite rainbow banners over their shoulders . . . "  But what if you're dead? Clearly, it's not merely dead but really most obstinately and pigheadedly dead.
Richard, I generally agree with your comments but I do think you should widen your horizons in this case. I know a lot of gay and lesbian people that I would trust much further than many, 'Straight' people I've known. I find it just as disgusting to see straight folks groping each other in public. It's just a total lack of respect for all things regardless of sexual orientation. Americans tend to think of them selves as some sort of, 'puritan' society. I've been in enough foreign countries to understand the culture shock involved in using the same rest rooms or not having dressing rooms at public swimming pools, etc. We Americans would do well to not consider everything in a sexual sense. I'm sure that no one lusts after me and there are many others in the same boat. Much of our fear is a falsehood!
avoid victimhood simply do not go to Trinity i don't think any gay wanting pre-marital sex would go to Trinity this is just mischief by activists   a hypothetical situation that would never happen  -   NO NORMAL married gay couple would go to Trinity in the first place   a hypothetical situation that would never happen   just an excuse for mischief a gay couple going to Trinity against all Reason deserve to be celibate
More sitting republicans have gone be found to be being creepy in bathrooms than the entire trans community.   Maybe we need to ban Republicans males from bathrooms?
I am very sorry that you and your son were the victims of an ignorant verbal assault. No one should be subjected to that, especially a child. I am interested that you both practice as psychologists and wonder how you reconcile your work as psychologists in Toronto with core values informed by Islam. How do you treat your gay clients? How about any Jewish or Christian clients? Muslims wishing to leave the faith? What about the slurs that come from Muslim children towards others in the playground, especially towards non-Muslim girls? More detail is needed about how your Muslim values are totally compatible with Canadian values and I would genuinely be interested in reading another piece about this.
Parental choice is a good thing; however, I'm concerned at the potential for a minority group of parents who insist on restricted sex-ed (such as abstinence-only) to force schools to exclude educators who present comprehensive sex-ed programs.  Parents who object to their kids being exposed to information about contraception and STD prevention should be able to keep their kids ignorant, although it's baffling to me why they would want to. I have heard the argument that such information encourages sexual activity, and it doesn't make sense. Don't these parents believe that their influence outweighs that of the school?  I have also heard objections to sex-ed classes discussing homosexuality, bisexuality, transgender persons, and other variations of sexual orientation and identity. These objections make even less sense. Aren't parents willing to have their kids learn the facts at school, then teach them at home the moral issues that they think apply to the facts?
Why the heck would you insist on doing business with a company that did not want to serve you? So a gay couple forces an unwilling cake maker to make a cake for their wedding? Why? How many times do you think they spit in it if they were forced to do it? We have such bigger fights to fight.
So because they think marriage = one man and one woman that means they are scared (phobic) of gays? Why does everyone have to agree with your definition of marriage? Especially when throughout 99% of history marriage was one man & one woman?  If the women at ID felt the church was being misogynist I'm sure they could speak up for themselves. There are many deacons who are women there.  What is wrong with a sub-set of society wanting to live under a different set of rules?
Apples and oranges. If you're treating someone that way because they're gay, then that's not right. If you're treating someone that way because they represent a physical threat to you or your family, then of course it's justified. Why are you conflating the two? Just trying to be difficult? Trying to use a straw man argument?
Trump's base, which is largely white and male, knew that they had been on top, when women and "colored" knew their place, gays were in the closet, they had well-paying jobs and God approved of this situation. Now, of course, their supremacy is no more, and they want it back. Trump has promised a return to those good old days.
"I am waiting for the Catholic bishops to begin to speak out with a loud voice on all these policies. If they don't, they have forfeited their claim to any type of leadership in the U.S. Catholic community."  Too late. That forfeiture already occurred long ago, about the time Humanae Vitae was promulgated. Unless you're talking about opposing abortion or gay marriage, the bishops have about as much backbone as a jellyfish. I, for one, won't be looking to them for any leadership in standing up to Trump in defense of Gospel principles. It's just not going to happen. The Republicans who pull their strings will see to that.
I think you're much more optimistic than I on this score. The Vatican continues to state that homosexuality is specifically forbidden in both testaments.
But unlike Pakistan, Canada is an advanced, progressive society where men and women are treated as equals and we don't subjugate women under the guise of piety or modesty. This is not about cultural relativism or "diversity", it is a function of progress. Canada isn't Tehran or Peshawar or Riyadh, not because we are different, because we are an advanced secular society. The niqab is part of a belief system that kills homosexuals and censors any critical analysis of religion under penalty of death. The fact that Canada doesn't have apostasy or blasphemy laws is not about cultural relativism, it is about universal interpretations of right and wrong. Europe's experience shows us that laissez-faire, "hope for the best" accommodation of assertive political Islam has failed conclusively. Quebec's law is certainly warranted given Europe's experience with cultural segregation.
The right to keep one’s personal and professional life separate is necessity for any civilized society. This is especially true for members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer (LGBTQ) community that may have decided, for a variety of reasons, to not come out at work. The decision to come out is a personal one and should not be a requirement for employment or a promotion. Without this bill LGBTQ citizens have the fear of being outed by their employer since they would have full access to all their emails as well as their social media life that they may have only shared with their selected friends.
In Colorado, if you bake wedding cakes for the public, you can not refuse to bake a cake for gays.  That is state law.
The other reason your argument is silly has to do with your comments about "experience."  The mean old bishops and saints in their converted or virginal/celibate purity (or impurity), dont have the "experience" that you and other lay people do.  Well have you experienced sexual abuse as a minor? How do you know its bad if you haven't? What about nuclear war? What about TrumpCare? Have you experienced it? How can you say its bad?!?  Oh wait, there's more...your argument is further silly because if we put all dissenters in a room, you couldn't tell us what is enough expierence...Is the loyal, chaste husband or 50 yrs experienced enough, or does he have to be a adulterer first? with how many partners? How many partners does the sexually active gay man have to have before he's experienced? If he repents of his sins after 20 yrs, and disagrees with you, is it because he wasn't "experienced" enough?  People like you, think such souls dont exist, but reality will show you that we are Church.
I served with NDP MP, Svend Robinson, in the 198os. It was (correctly) rumoured back then that he was gay, which I recall society did not then accept (although it now does).   But, Svend was an MP that it was worth having in the Commons. He had a probing mind into injustice - so no one suggested expelling him, despite what many regarded as not upholding the highest standards of dignity.  In the case of the Senator, he is accused of "not upholding the dignity of the Senate" by having an affair with a 16 year old girl while married.  First, if the offence is having an affair outside marriage, a large portion of our Parliamentarians would be in difficulties. Second, I think the age of consent in Canada is 16. So, is the problem that this 16 year old did "not know what she was doing"? If so, who are we (and other Senators) to decide?  I hold no brief for the Senator. But, I think the Senate needs to demonstrate a much higher standard of misbehaviour to remove him from the Senate.
uhhh WHO CARES!  We are $20 Trillion in debt and who cares about the 3 transgender people in this state
I was at the very first Gay Pride in Toronto in 1981 and attended every one since.  But I am boycotting this year.   BLM stole Pride like stealing a car, and now thinks they own it because they grabbed the keys.  I will be at the Unity Rally, sharing my time with the same LGBT police officers  who were treated like dirt by BLM and Chief  Saunders.
The question is mandatory gay celibacy, because gays are born, not self chosen.
Let's face it, priests in no way represent any other society in the world unless one includes Zen Buddhist monks. They are a peculiar, inclusive sub-culture all of their own.   - They are at minimum 20% gay males. - They are expected to voluntarily attempt to suppress all sexual thought and action throughout the majority of their lives. - They lack the intimate physical and emotional contact with women that enriches and broadens most men's personalities and perspective.  Now this wouldn't necessarily be a negative, providing their primary function was solely to guide others in their individual pursuit of spirituality and God. But when one includes what is, in essence, marriage counseling, aren't we expecting too much of them?
And often they are not so silent.  Gay friends have told me about various such clergy who are well known -- only no one speaks out about it.
What they use for birth control is also nobody's business, but the Catholic Church (and other religions) have something to say about that as well.  By the time you remove the no gay marriage/no birth control/no female priests, etc. it is no longer Catholicism. It's a religion that resembles Catholicism but would need a new name.  It used to be that religions forced people to conform to their beliefs; now people try to force their personal beliefs onto religions.  Why not just find a religion that matches up with your beliefs?
Anti-immigrant sentiment was at the top of the list with 206 reported attacks, while anti-woman and anti-Trump attacks remained at the bottom with 36 and 27 reported attacks respectively. A total of 151 incidents targeted black people, 80 targeted LGBT-people, 51 targeted Muslims and 60 involved swastikas.  Defacing property is a crime and I trust the SPLC to identify hate attacks appropriately....I have no idea except for the 60 swastikas whatever property defacement was done with respect to gay's, blacks etc but suspect a fair amount was done...typically the SPLC hands over these things to law enforcement for suitable attention.....
I agree that Pope Francis has never promoted anything other than Catholic teaching. And, yes, it is, ultimately, about implementation. But the "gentler" approach isn't really about gentleness so much as emphasis.  Some bishops have, perhaps unintentionally, reduced their focus down to a few issues, like abortion, gay marriage, etc. They are the ones who -- fairly or not -- are perceived as culture warriors. Francis' approach is to emphasize the principles behind the teachings, such as respect for life, the inviolability of human dignity, the importance of living simply, etc. His conviction (with which I agree) is that if the conversation is more about these things than single, contentious issues, more people will choose to engage in it.  There was a time when the USCCB was defined by what they were for. Today they are defined more by what they are against. I'd just like to see the conference do a course correction back to the way it once was, when they were listened to and respected.
Most scripture references homosexuality to be wrong without declaring it revelation and based on past teaching. It is not privileged over fact because it is a natural law matter. You are putting piety over truth for the purpose of group dynamics/Catholic identity. Not a problem accept young gays who were created by God to be that way face depression and bullying because of that teaching, leading to suicide. Hardly the mark of something being true. The true thing is that by not condemning this farce their blood is on your hands. God avenges the blood of innocents.
It was a person of the Muslim faith that shot up that night club Kristi, Try and remember that.  If the gays think dealing with these "Christians" is bad, just wait until all the Islamic fundamentalists that Obama is importing start working against them. They still behead people for homosexuality.
So the Catholics, Baptists, and certain other religions want a free pass to discriminate against same sex marriages?  What's next, mixed race couples?  Maybe people with physical or mental issues?  You religious nut jobs make me worry about this country.
Somewhere, I have the 6/5/81 bulletin carrying the first, tentative recognition by the Centers for Disease Control of  unexplained rare diseases affecting gay men. It documented four cases of pneumocyctis carinii pneunomia (PCP) in Los Angeles. It also noted numerous cases in California and New York, of Kaposi's Sarcoma, an aggressive skin cancer usually found only among Jewish men of Mediterranean extraction. The first name for it was Gay-Related Immune Deficiency (GRID) but one of the first cases identified was of a nun in S.F. who got it via transfusion. The first victim whom I knew personally was of an old friend who acquired it during a hip transplant in Monterey Peninsula Hospital. She became an AIDS activist, living until 1991. Reagan pointedly ignored the crisis, never even mentioning the word until doing so briefly near the end of his term. "Patient Zero" did actually exist, spreading the disease widely where he flew as a flight attendant, though he wasn't the first of course.
". . . the universality you speak of appears to be of relatively recent Christian and Islamic manufacture."  You left out Judaism.  I would not regard their ancient texts as "relatively recent."  In any case, you regard historical recency as a factor that argues against traditional views, forgetting that your view of homosexuality is far, far more recent.  Don't forget that by your lights, even the Dalai Lama is a homophobe.
Having (regrettably) a couple of Trump supporters in my family, I can agree that EVERY Trump voter is not homophobic, racist, sexist and stupid, but I do think the singular commonality is a lack of EMPATHY toward the "other," -- the undocumented immigrant, the low-wage worker who needs some welfare assistance to live, the gay/lesbian couple who dares to desire legal marriage despite the long-established heterosexual norm, even those who have not been able or willing to take advantage of near-free education and thus be more able to provide their own health insurance.  I've seen a distinct lack of willingness to even try to empathize with people in any situation where circumstances/luck/decisions have been poor, or where someone expresses an individuality not labeled acceptable by the great amorphous majority.  I think it's unfair to assume the "isms" belong to people whose worst failing is a lack of empathy, who simply cannot or choose not to wear another's shoes for 5 minutes.
One of the 10 Commandments is Thou Shalt Not Bear False Witness, but I have noticed there is a dispensation for this any time it pertains to abortion, birth control, homosexuality, transgender issues or most anything to do with sexuality and women.   where those issues are discussed, the most farfetched lies, half truths and wive's tales are considered gospel truth.
These were homosexual relations with boys of puberty/post-puberty age.  What happened to Pope Francis', "Who am I  to judge?"  There was a reason that men with same-sex attraction were prohibited from the priesthood and that altar servers were always boys.  And the pre-V-II Church had it right, as usual.
God "stated" that homosexual acts are sinful? Really?
I pray that men and women on both sides of the abortion issue and gay rights issue and divorced/remarried issue can talk and seek solutions to their differences respectfully.  After all, if racism, murder, and violence are not sins, surely these others are not as well.  If the USCCB were in existence during Christ's life, they would be known as the Sanhedrin.
So our GOV, an accomplished former legislator, cannot pass these critical bills over the past two years, but somehow finds time to obstruct Trump's TEMP travel ban, support greater LGBT causes, and speak for Syrian refugees.  Oh yeah, his staff found occasion to link fault back to Lingle.  Remarkable (not!)
And what about straight couples who marry outside of the church? Are they too to be denied the sacraments of the Holy Eucharist and a Christian burial? Or is it only gay people who "give scandal?" I see straight couples all the time who got married at City Hall for a second (or third) time, did not receive an annulment, and apparently no one is "scandalized" by their reception of Holy Communion, and everyone knows it's happening. Ditto for the funerals of such people. I have never heard of a straight couple who married outside the church being refused a burial. Never. Not even once.   The real scandal is the church's treatment of gay people, and everyone knows it. It is the church's everlasting shame, which is one of the reasons why young people are abandoning the church in droves. They know real scandal when they see it, and it's not married gay people going to communion.
You are not on the journey if you have no desire or intent to leave your adultery or grave sin behind.  Peter was very strict about who was a follower.  Remember how he caused the husband and wife to drop dead who tried to keep some of their possessions for themselves and then lied and said they had given everything?  It is a lie to say you follow Christ and live in adultery.  It is a lie to say you follow Christ and label yourself homosexual.  It is deadly as Peter shows us.  True love and compassion points out the lie and the scandal.  Are you saying you expect the separation of the adulterers will occur after the Eucharist?  None of the apostles allowed those in sexual sin to remain in the community.  They separated them in charity waiting for them to repent and then welcomed them back.  The medicine is not for the dead - the apostate, but for the sick.  We should be praying for each other and looking at life through the long term spiritual lens.
I don't know what planet you've been living on but I've been denied some of the best bartending gigs because I'm not gay.  Happens all/day everyday.
Washington Examiner seems to be full time on CNN panels, the girl from the Examiner sounds more like a person from slate or huffington post or any anti Christian homosexual network... whats up with that?
Good.  As a hardcore conservative, this is exactly what our asylum program should be used for, people actually under oppression.  Better yet, gays from the area are almost surely not to agree with the backwards Islamic rule of the area let alone the extremist views that run rampant there.  Anyone who thinks the modern conservative is racist or homophobic are usually the same type of simpleminded as those who would claim Trump is a nazi (a truly ridiculous proposition).  Back to the issue - floods of people directly over the border, illegally, not actually facing any persecution; that's what angers the average conservative.
And this adds to the complications! I wonder what exactly you have in mind by "movement of powerful groups" towards a church's "recognition of ssm." There is no other church like the RCC, polity-wise. There is a fairly large number of Christian churches which are "gay-friendly," and may affirm or bless the civil marriages of LG couples; the number is rather smaller, of those who will actually give them a "church wedding." Among mainstream Protestants, often individual congregations have the right to be gay-affirming, as they see fit, so perhaps one may speak of "powerful groups" on that level. Then there are the smaller churches, usually of recent foundation, who are by ideology or mission gay-affirming, e.g. MCC and Old Catholics, in which case "movement of powerful groups" doesn't really apply.  Does the RCC ever change because of pressure applied by "powerful groups"? There was a strong movement supporting artificial contraception in the 1960s, and look what happened there!
Steve Chipman: "we should allow anyone to decide for themselves whom they wish to deal with " Right, but homosexuals can't decide for themselves to deal with TWU. TWU is discriminatory, it does not allow free association, it restricts it's association to people who sign the covenant and uphold their beliefs in word and action.
"The Police" "Gays" "Muslims" "The Other"  I guess it is just easier for some people to look at another group of people as a homogeneous blob where everyone has the same characteristics and opinions.    There's been so much negative publicity on this issue, you'd think someone at Pride would relent and say, "Okay, police officers, you can march in the parade in uniform as an individual police officer (Meaning: We're still mad at TPS as an organization) if you sign this pledge to promise to treat everyone respectfully and report any officer you see who doesn't ..."   Police officers that are so inclined can then get what they want and BLMT can continue its war with TPS,
So do you honor the right of free speech toward the "Christian religious right" as equal to the the right of free speech for LGBTQ activists?  Doesn't sound like it.  You mention "epiteth"..... how about epiteths like "homophobe", "bigot", "hatemonger", coming from the homo crowd?  Surely we can all agree that intestinal intercourse is both unnatural and unhealthy, can we not?
Many gay guys are into uniforms.  Seeing cops in their pressed, starched, polished  leather accented uniforms  will be greatly  missed. Imagine the reaction if Pride banned drag because feminists found it offensive?  Same thing.
1} Did I distinguish between heterosexual and homosexual sodomy? 2} As great as Augustine is, he does not have the last word on what constitutes a dogmatic teaching. 3}The Church's teaching on abortion is NOT based on ensoulment. 4} Show me where the popes aforementioned taught definitively on the matter. 5} The Church's Ordinary and Universal teaching on abortion clearly qualifies as DE FIDE.
DUP denial of climate change and its opposition to abortion and gay marriage will make them bedmates from hell for the Tories. DUP's social conservatism is toxic to 80 per cent of Britons. In contrast, Cameron's coalition with the LibDems helped take the rough reactionary edges off policy, benefitting the Cameron gov.
Pierre T lived as was called prior to the ‘70's, a life of an 'old bachelor' until he was 52 yrs when he married a childlike, un-medicated bipolar 23yr old woman, 1/2 his age & had 3 children in succession  You say 'some teenage boys also went ga-ga over' Trudeau, as he flamboyantly represented a Fr. & Br. Cdn; promoting his Fr.Cdn culture dogmatically  PE Trudeau, as per you was 'hot and stylish..[&] bore.. respect..' for Gays. As Memory recalls: he was quite facile in bridging both genders equally well  Was entirely a norm for rich Gay men born1919 to have a girlfriend cover or marry in order to hide their homosexuality; especially men in politics  Most people at 50ys sharply realize their mortality; intellectuals perceive immortality with production of their own biological children; especially selfish narcissists  Unethical rich spoilt men who jump for the easy way out are essentially 'without courage of truth' The Real Story of the character of Pierre-Elliott Trudeau is not known.
"Tell me there's not targeting BASED ON RELIGION underway."  How does this square with the fact that Episcopalians, Presbyterians and Unitarians hold beliefs that gay marriage is moral and valid?  Are those who are denied services not being targeted based on religion?  Protection of conscience is important, but I think it would also be important to evaluate how one's conscience is being applied.  For example, people have argued for Kim Davis' conscience rights (the Kentucky recorder of deeds).  I question this, however.  Kim Davis is married five times.  No Christian faith actually permits this.  We know for a fact she went five times to get a marriage license.  How can we say this is accurately a matter of conscience when she is picking and choosing which Christian beliefs she will enforce?  Same with the bakers and florists:  how do they verify the purity of heterosexual couples?
Tortured logic?? The tortured logic is the one that says I MUST embrace my "homosexuality" and act on it, so the Church is WRONG- oh poor me.  Yes my heart bleeds for young people who question their sexuality because they are being fed lies by the left-wing, progressive agenda who won't even let them receive counselling and proper spiritual healing if that is what they are looking for.
So the Globe & Mail is in favour of equality of outcome? We'll need not only 51% female photos, but ~5% gay photos, ~0.3% trans photos, and goodness knows how to divide them all up by religion or lack of faith, political leanings and handedness! Ultimately, like all identity politics, you realise we can be divided up in so many ways only the individual counts, and the only reason for this or that individual to have his or her photo in the paper is that something newsworthy happened to him or her. That seems to be the way things used to work, and probably is the way they ought to continue to work. I don't want my photo in your paper as a filler simply because you need a leukemic middle-aged white straight male with blue eyes and grey hair etc etc. Silly, isn't it?
Norway has a history of smart and responsible governance... Over the last 60 years they save $$ and do not pi$$ it away.... True they make $$ on oil at times...and invest it.($900B) Their $$ security is largely what makes them happy. . Meanwhile....This new tax $$ is going to be used for  heavens knows what... F35's...make work projects,higher debt service fees...research on PTSD among transgendered vegetarians...500 new fire trucks We are toast.
"I think we have to acknowledge that it reflects Church tradition on the subject."  I could be wrong, but to the best of my knowledge there was never any official document specifically barring celibate gay men from entering the priesthood until 2005. Eleven years out of 2016 is hardly worthy of being labeled "tradition," wouldn't you agree?
One thing you have to understand is that RD's actual knowledge of transgendered people is nil. His knowledge of feelings is also nil, so he has decided that they count for nothing.
Why is it up to Canada to do more as opposed to all the safe havens between Azerbaijan and Canada ...?  Europe is full of safe havens for the LGBT with the UK, Malta and Norway being the friendliest.  It is hard to find LGBT friendly safe haven Islamic countries
Red meat for the meatheads that support Trump. These people actually believe that gender is a choice, and that one day a kid just wakes up and says I've decided to become a girl. Just for fun.  Transgender people are no threat to people of the sex they identify with. They're not interested in them obviously.
Your question makes no sense. She sold flowers to gays, she does not want to feel she participated in a gay wedding. Look at your question, and look at the story above. I'm willing to bet you can figure out the difference.
In October 1986, the cardinal who became Pope Benedict XVI stated that homosexuality is an "inherent moral evil."  Even celibate gay people are condemned with that statement.  So, none of this hatred of gay people is new.  The real question concerns Dignity.  Why do gay Catholics insist on remaining where they aren't wanted?  At what point does Dignity's loyalty to the Church become betrayal to all gay people?  We are long past that milestone.
Exactly correct, left wing voters are all bout the single issue of sex, reproductive rights and homosexual marriage, not to mention all the rest.  Fortunately, the US bishops have a man they can wholeheartedly support because of his clear cut devotion to christian values.
Your post is very short-sighted and uneducated......trans-gender restrooms has got to be just as important to the council.
Domestic Violence is one of he MOST complicated social issues of our time. Why do women allow it and STAY ?? Why do some men need to physically abuse a woman, and probably their kids ?? Is it worse to beat your wife, girlfriend, kids, or a male in a gay partnership ?? How do you determine the abuser or abuse in a gay partnership ?? The solution starts from when you are born and if you are raised witnessing violence or love in your house. What good is incarceration IF you haven't educated the abusers that beating your partner is NOT a solution in any way or form ??  Speaking of statistics, why isn't their ANY provision for men being abused by women ?? It's a REPORTED 4% of DV !!! And that's men who HAVE reported it, not the men who are embarrassed to report it because HPD will ridicule their complaint. I KNOW because I was one of the men. HPD was reluctant to do anything until they spoke to my 8 year old daughter who confirmed my complaint.
If the US Dept. of Justice now says it's illegal to discriminate against a transgender in the public bathrooms, then I would hope that school districts can't discriminate on the sports field.  There probably isn't that many Alaska transgender youth that are interested in playing sports.  Don't look for a solution to go with a problem that isn't there.
Gosh I wonder what triggers Heterophobia in homosexuals?
Her Crime was covering up the 'facts': washed the car, cleaned up, etc. , and this is an Obama "Dreamer"! (DACA). Her reaction to eventually realizing the tragedy was an insight into her character-instead of calling the Police and reporting it, she attempted to cover it up, hoping no one would notice. Can you imagine if I, as a white man, were to drive into a pile of leaves and unbeknowest to me, killed two little Hispanic girls? ..."CRUCIFY HIM"!  Because we now have Officials, Judges, and other authorities who are mad that Trump Won, and are now, giving "pay Back"- by using"kid gloves" on anyone who is gay, black, or Hispanic.
I haven't heard of any "homosexuals" disturbing your religious holidays or celebrations, so why don't you and your 6-8 other people leave them alone during theirs?
In order to be homophobic, a comment must be directed toward homosexuals.
Calm down liberals. Trump isn't going to trample on women's rights, civil rights, gay rights, or implement slavery........after all..... he isn't practicing radical islam
Who ever monitors comments flagged as hateful or abusive is not doing a very good job. If you are not well enough informed about the topic to discern hateful commentary from the simply ignorant maybe ADN needs to find someone who can. Repeatedly missgendering and claiming that a trans person is just "a boy pretending to be a girl" or vice versa is hateful and abusive. We are not trading opinions on which is  better pistachio or chocolate ice cream we are talking about a topic that regularly results in bloodshed, 25 trans women murdered last year for nothing more than existing hundreds more assaulted and an unknowable number lost to suicide because of structural abuse like the kind found in the poor handling of comments like these. If the ADN is going to capitalize on the current interest in trans issues it has a resposibility to provide some education and context to these stories and comments.
Bishop Burbridge was actually critical of the NC anti-transgender/ gay law if I remember correctly.  He seems pretty middle-of-the-road. Rorate Caeli is so blinded by their obsession with liturgical minutia that they mistakenly were happy about a bishop who is far from a hardcore fire-breathing conservative.  You have got to admit that is hilarious.  Better luck next time guys.  ***And the hardcore culture warrior bishop in NC is +Jugis in Charlotte.
This is just another of Nathan's veiled defenses of homophobia. My gay friends can't be holy unless they go straight or celibate.  This isn't a "challenge" this is prejudice pure and simple.  Imago Dei = Westboro Church without the colorful signs.    Having said that, let's all have a moment of silence for Jules Bailey's political career.  May it rest in peace.  Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, defeat on election day.
Gay Pride surely includes black people who are gay. What's the issue?
Think about this, God make the animal kingdom.  Scientist have identified various animal species that are homosexual in nature.  To thine own self be true.  Don't worry or care what the heterosexual population may think or  believe.  We all know that behind closed doors they're no different then homosexuals.
Wow, an LGBT group isn't happy. That's news. /s
Yes.  I remember the very first float in a GAY Pride parade was a White Swan by the leather bar 18 East It didn't make much sense, but who cared? We all cheered and danced. In the mid 1990s corporate sponsors Smirnoff,  Labatts and Ford(?) wanted to pump  money into Pride with advertising.  The guys wanted the extra money to do bigger things. The women were against it because it smacked of capitalism.
As time goes on I seriously question why ANY self-respecting LGBT person wants anything to do with most locales of this sect!  Groveling and pleading for Daddy to please love us just a little bit is demeaning and far from good for one's mental and spiritual health.  Shakespeare was right:  Out, Out, Damned Spot!
He was a Breitbart editor known for his alt right views and provocative editorials.  He claims to be a celibate Catholic gay man, but some say the celibacy part is a recent phenomenon.  He is one of Bannon's minions.
No, that is not why this contry exists. The Pilgrims are not the Founders. You should worry less about gay people and more about getting an actual education and perhaps some therapy. Good luck.
Now she can turn her mind to the real outrage.in the Middle East. Syria's genocidal policies. And while she's at it, she can report on female genital mutilations in Egypt, Somalia,  and the Palestinian Territories, along with honor killings and gay torture in an assortment of Arab countries.  No Jews present there, but this should satisfy even those critics who focus on Israel.
Can't we all just get along already? All lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender's need to just get over yourselves already. Your cause seems like a boat without a rudder.
Amazing how many people pose this apexact question thinking it is smart. Political thought, like the KKK, is not a protected class. You do not have to make a cake for a democrat or a guy in the KKK. The "derogatory" issue has been dealt with already. Try to keep up.  If the guy wants to discriminate against gays, there are many states that allow it, just not our fair state.
This is because most or all of the Church's arguments lead back to preserving hierarchy between husband and wife and faithful and clergy. That is why gay marriage confounds them so, no one is naturally in charge in a gay marriage. That kind of example in both gay and hetero marriage kills the marriage model of Jesus as spouse of the Church. With it goes the retributive sacrifice of cross model, to be replaced by a divine vision quest and brotherhood with Jesus, which hardly leaves room for leaving our sisters out of the priesthood. The Trads can't help but picking on these sores, even though it makes the infection worse. Laying low might be best for traditionalists, but they just can’t help themselves.
What you term "modernist" is mainstream Catholicism. And correctly so, as far as it goes. Things such as the institutional homophobia and sexism should be fixed.
The baker signed a business license application that stated he has to abide by state law, rules and regulations.  If you offer wedding cakes but not to gays, you are in violation of a state law.  It is very simple.
Are you serious??? If you are referring to gays and sinners Jesus wanted them to "Sin no more" He didn't ignore their sin. He helped them and encouraged them to leave their life of sin. The same exact thing the church is doing.   Jesus wouldn't have presided over a gay wedding, that's for sure.
Drivel. Who can take this whining seriously for a minute? Safe flights are orwellian? No smoking restaurants are cancer?   "Not one jazz bar, biker bar, gay bar or blues joint are Coloradans free to congregate and enjoy their lifestyle with others like them."  What  the hell is he talking about? Non-smoking somehow forces motorcycle owning gay jazz/blues (or blues/jazz) musicians apart? Anyone can go anywhere they please, and not have to put up with the creeping sharia of...people smoking outside. Child please.  "By state law new housing developments are basically required to have homeowner associations even if you don’t want one." Basically - is in, they're not required. If you don't want an HOA, don't buy a house with an HOA.  It devolves to "the minimum wage is totalitarianism". And then he gets in some digs on California. So new and edgy! California, the 8th largest economy in the world! WHy can't they be more like Alabama?  Pure drivel. Does the DP actually pay for this?
I am tired of this LGBT stuff. I am tired of Black Lives Matter. I have gay friends both men and women and I myself am a mix of Indian, Black and White. Maybe now the heterosexuals should decide to have their own parade and simulate sex acts as those in the Pride parade do in public view.
Well, it doesn't come with the responsibility of sexual control and the potential for the creation of human life.  Which is ironic since regulation of sexual behavior and the uniting of spouses to child is what made marriage the great institution that is is for society.  Homosexual "marriage" is just for the two people in it; government entitlements.
Not very interesting website.  Mostly devoted to gays and abortion.  Wedge country.
An amazing shot when you consider that the person who took it is a transgendered aboriginal.
The funny thing is, people think that being gay means you are going to vote liberal.  I am gay and I am proudly conservative.
The Chechen gay purge is well documented. I admire Freeland for standing up against this backward society. She is turning out to be a real star on the international stage.  Rounding up and torturing people because of their sexual orientation will not be tolerated in this world, even if it is religious intolerance.  Human rights trump religious rights. There should be no free pass for anyone violating human rights regardless of who they are.  I feel proud to be Canadian.
I'm sorry, but I have to say that you are wrong.   Look, this is not about gays being protected.  In fact, there is no law that says that a person MUST do anything that a customer demands.   The baker offered to sell them a cake, but would not decorate it the way that they wanted. There was no other decorator to do the work, and for the life of me, I can not see why he should be FORCED to do this, when he did NOT deny them sales.   If you insist on making this baker do a groom/groom thing, then you must insist on making them do things that most will find despicable, such as decorating for the KKK/nazis.
"Your right to due process, in this instance, would involve Speaker Ryan slapping the hands or butts of the Congressional sitters which I doubt he’ll do."  Wrong. Both the ACLU and FBI oppose "terrorist" watch lists stating in part   "Congress can pass effective gun control laws without relying on unfair and discriminatory watchlists or failing to provide meaningful due process. "   https://www.aclu.org/blog/washington-markup/use-error-prone-and-unfair-watchlists-not-way-regulate-guns-america  "Guns don’t just kill Gays."  I am hetero who are also victims of violence so do not preach to me.
He also spoke about gay adoption long before anyone else.  Here's something I wrote about JPI in 2008. http://enlightenedcatholicism-colkoch.blogspot.com/2008/11/oh-what-might-have-been-had-john-paul-i.html#disqus_thread
It saddens me what men who adopt a heterosexual identity do to women, and that perversion is far more statistically pervasive than 'homosexual perversion'.  Please get some perspective.  I guess my biggest irritation with heterosexual male commentary on all issues gay is their uncanny ability to completely ignore what heterosexual men routinely do to women in far far greater numbers.
"Under JPII or B16 such an endeavor would have had its plug pulled before it ever got off the ground."  America magazine never tried to be the "liberal" First Things.  But it didn't matter. B16 canned Reese, and America has gotten less and less interesting ever since. The current editor is a bit like MSW - "liberal" on social justice, gay related subjects (except for marriage of course, but empathetic), and environment. It is VERY conservative on most other Catholic matters, especially those related to women, their "roles", including access to all 7 sacraments, and contraception.  Like MSW, no empathy at all when it comes to "women's" concerns for the church. There is an anti-contraception article at least once or twice/month. Not surprising. Malone's first hire as female columnist was Helen Alvare, so what else would you expect.  Lately they have been featuring Simcha Fisher, an uber conservative.  She tries to be cool by using foul language in her blog (a bit too obvious ploy).
not to mention many cultures around the world who have more open forms of family.  and there are also some anthropological studies that show homosexual persons in some tribal cultures are also a means to support the family group.
Oh dear indeed! My comment to which you were replying addressed GFPG as "Gay" so....  I am sorry you find Kurgan a pain in the butt. Longergan, my primary intellectual hero, describes sartire as a brilliant mode of criticism because it can be enjoyed for it humour even while one is being mocked. If it were not for that role of humour in society, as a less threatening form of criticism, I might be able to understand your chagrin, Tridentinus.  You might try watching correspondent dinners in the US (or Canada, actually). Often therein, masterful poking in the form of humour can be found.   I suppose I am suggesting you acquire a thicker skin, or "Don't be so Trumpish!"   Sorry, Trid, I really can't empathize with you on this one. Sorry.
"Young people should love, believe and follow their dreams, never despairing because Jesus is always with them, Pope Francis said."  Unless they're young, Catholic, and gay, in which case they should not love in the way that lovers do, not believe in a life of happiness of the sort that straight people take for granted, not dream of a life full of love and happiness, but rather despair that they will be consigned to a life of loneliness and solitude if they wish to remain in good standing with the church. Which is why so many young gay people take their own lives - they are offered no hope for a bright future by the church. Thus it has always been and thus it will apparently continue to be, even under Pope Francis' otherwise sunny and upbeat leadership. Kumbaya.
Skeexix:  To me, debating abortion or same-sex marriage or so many other topics today is like banging your head against a wall......unless you really enjoy the "thrill of it", just don't do it.  I know I've just decided to offer simple answers:  Don't like abortions?  Fine, don't get one.  and, BTW: if you don't tell others they cannot have them, I won't tell them they must have them.  Don't like same-sex marriage? Fine, don't have one. BTW: if you don't tell others they can't be homosexual and form a lasting, loving marriage, I won't tell you that you must be gay and have a same-sex marriage.    Most of these folks are all for "individual rights" and limiting governmental controls......except when they're supportive of limiting others individual rights and imposing governmental control on others' rights and actions  But, I think you're having a good time with your debates and, what the hell, a guy (or girl) has to have fun when you can.  best regards, Gary
"There's absolutely nothing about Catholic dogma that is incompatible with U.S. law, and I would defy the senator to offer evidence to the contrary."  The average Catholic, much less the average American, does not know the theological difference between Catholic dogma and Catholic doctrine.  Given that understanding, Feinstein was probably referencing Humanae Vitae and it's implications for US Law regarding birth control, abortion, and GLBT civil rights.
What for? What can dialogue possibly achieve? The Church's teaching on homosexual activity is quite clear, it always has been. It will not, cannot change.
The fundamentalists were using gay marriage to spread fear. The world was going to end if Adam and Steve married, bought a house together and lived their lives.  I just looke out the window.  The sky is still up there.  Saying that terrible things would happen if gay people got married was a great money raiser. Since Obergefell that is a settled issue and nobody is going to contribute to a lost cause. and that meant that they needed a new, and even more vulnerable and voiceless target such as trans people.  Voila!  Bathroom bills!
You've reminded me of this James Alison interview:   "Given the most traditional Catholic understanding of the relationship between nature and grace, I wonder whether it is genuinely possible to defend the following thesis: 'The comparatively recent human realization that there is no objective psychological or physiological disorder that is intrinsic to people who we now call gay, makes no difference to our understanding of the forms of flourishing to which such people are called by virtue of being what they are'. But that seems to me to be the real question here: is it compatible with Catholic faith to claim that an authentic human discovery of this sort makes no difference to the shape of the flourishing of the people involved?"
The real irony is that same sex marriage has been opposed on religious grounds, and polygamy can easily be defended on religious grounds. So for those who oppose SSM as an affront to traditional marriage or wrong in the eyes of God, well, welcome to polygamy, the world of REAL traditional marriage, sanctioned by God.
Apparently you don't have a clue about COMMUNITY, Gay.  It's not  just about the comfort of property owners.  I don't believe property owners should solely be responsible for paying for municipal services.  We all know that taxes, like them or not, pay for certain community services that the state government doesn't pay for:  police, fire, public schools, mayoral pet projects etc.  Most other communities across the state pay for a sales tax that does help take the tax pressure off of property owners.  Instead of snarling at the unions, why not run for office so that you can see how difficult it is to try and reach a fair fiscal balance that everyone pays into.
"115 House Dems want proof Trump coordinated transgender military ban with Pentagon"  Meanwhile, the rest of the country wants Dems to stop mindless obstruction and do something positive for the country but they refuse.  Why is that?
"Trump does not support LGBTQ rights. Trump merely SAYS he supports LGBTQ rights."  Proof please.
Actually I think they heard the demands of the LBGT community.  The LBGT community isn't exactly secret about their agenda--nor have they kept quite in the Church.   In response to the demands of the LBGT community "Change your teaching on homosexuality because we are offended that homosexuality is a sin.  We also want you to change your teaching on marriage because we are offended that we cannot get married" the bishops collectively said "NO. We are the messengers and heralds of God's Word, not the originators.  We deliver what was given to us as it was given to us.  We cannot change the message just because pop-culture does not like it.  The message is not our own.  Our job is to deliver it--not change it or edit it so that it fits the demands and whims of pop-culture."   In short: just because the bishops gave an answer that the LBGT does not like does not mean the bishops have not been listening.  They have--and they said "NO."
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia and antisemitism, , Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, democraceaophobia,  iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal  wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are the reason for all the war and fighting all across  Islamic middle east. and are worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
Exactly my point I made below, snowpak.  The clock isn't turning backward on Canadian culture, it's only going forward, and people walking off the plane into Canada for the first time expecting that they will be able to have a fundamentalist religious life here in Canada, without having to accommodate or change on their own side, are naïve. How long will strict fundamentalist households, with only one income, survive and thrive in our two income world? How long will their punishing social strictures survive in a tolerant, western democracy? How long will ignorance in half the population survive mandatory public education and exposure to other elements of society? How long will intolerance last in a world where gay marriage is a reality?  Acculturation is a process they can't truly defy, and every year the friction will get greater as they get left further and further behind. Their own children and grandchildren will force the issue. They always have.
"Or support the so called 'gay culture' " lol.  Every Catholic who puts in the collection is supporting one of the world's biggest gay cultures.
I did read the report the article is based upon.  The 8.4 million is the estimated cost that was incurred to provide transgender medical services to 129 individuals. That is $65,000 per person. If all 6000 (estimated) persons pursued this medical care, then the cost would be $390,000,000. A little more than the viagra.   What was not clear is if the viagra figure included retirees or not. The transgender medical cost was limited to active duty.
Difficulty with your argument is that it is those who advocate for Canadian values are the conservatives who ironically  were opposed to many of the current  "values". Canada has become a leader in minority rights including Women's right, gay rights. religious rights. Many coming from other parts of the world don't not like these rights and vigorously oppose them and the "progressives" seem to be supporting them.
WE have seen with conversion therapy for homosexuals, that trying to change who a person is, doesn't work.It is virtually impossible for a pedophile to avoid all contact with children.If a Jerry Sandusky went shopping at a grocery store, more than likely he would cross paths with a boy in his target group.Just seeing such a child would start his mind thinking about  sexual fantasies with the child.I don't believe any amount of therapy would change the reaction.The problem that the Church faced when this crisis started to explode was that they thought that if a priest underwent therapy, like a twelve step program, they could then go back to ministering with children.We have found out what a big mistake that was.They kept repeating the same mistake over and over. They moved the priests from one end of the diocese to the other end.I believe there are still Bishops in the Church who continue to use this approach.The shortage of priests is their main reason.It will haunt them.
John, I most certainly do NOT support homophobia...which seems to be your second favorite accusation toward people you don't agree with.  I support the teachings of the Church...which you apparently refuse to consider because you disagree.  Even your list above is skewed.  No one is rejecting gays because they are gay. To say otherwise is a blatant lie. No one EVER said gays are excommunicated.  Our actions often demand repentance...  Try reading this with an open mind http://m.ncregister.com/daily-news/bishop-paprocki-defends-faith-and-family-in-the-land-of-lincoln#.WWpG9iMpDqA  And for heavens' sake - YOU stop judging people, putting words in their mouths, and making false accusations of bigotry and homophobia.  It would appear you are the one guilty of "general dishonesty."
Rick: It's a problem for the same reason why these other civil rights issues are a problem.  Suppose a black guy sees an ad in the paper to rent a room in someone's house.  He goes there but gets turned away because he's black.  In your words: What's the problem?  Why can't he just go to a different place to rent a room?  Suppose a woman finds out she's pregnant and goes to a hospital for an abortion, but they won't do it for her because it's a Catholic hospital and its religion says abortion is a sin.  In your words: What's the problem?  Why can't she just go to a different hospital?  Suppose a bakery makes wedding cakes, and a homosexual wants a cake decorated to show two men getting married?  The baker refuses, saying homosexual marriage is against his religion.  In your words: What's the problem?  Why can't he just go to a different bakery?    All 3 examples have really happened and resulted in lawsuits.  I'll bet you have no problem understanding what's the problem in those cases.
Why do you feel the necessity to address yourself as LGBT people or LGBT community.   We are Catholic people or community who follow the Catholic faith.    Is your sexual preference the only thing that defines you?  The Church teaches that homosexual acts are sinful.  No different than heterosexual acts committed outside of marriage.  Should the Church now redefine or classify certain acts as no longer sinful because a certain group fails to agree with them? If I committed the sin of  Adultery with another parishioner that suddenly became public knowledge of the congregation, and I continued in that sinful behavior, should I expect the priest to welcome me to the reception of the Holy Eucharist, which clearly would cause scandal for the Church?  I would expect the priest to counsel me on the grave errors of my actions and the necessity of Confession and repentance for my salvation.  Nothing else matters.  That is the simple purpose of our faith - entry into heaven.
"All" is not completely honest. "All so far" would be. But since the SCOTUS has agreed to hear the case, how a potential 5-4 vote might go is unknown.  - Besides, the issue is simple: He didn't refuse to serve a customer because the customer was gay, a neo-Nazi, Hillary Clinton, or a police officer (as some personnel at some restaurants have done).  - He simply refused to use his artistic talents to create a piece of "edible art work" that was offensive to him. In this case it was a "gay wedding cake" but even Hypocritical Liberals would admit he would be right to refuse to decorate a "black man being lynched" for a racist or a swastika cake foe a neo-Nazi......because the issue is not the "customer" but the issue is the "art work" being created.   - So the hypocrites are the liberals....who will gladly defend his right to decline to decorate cakes they find offensive, but will curse him for declining to decorate cakes they don't.
Being "pro life" should mean a great deal more than just opposing abortion. And civil gay marriage should be a non-issue as far as Catholics are concerned.
I think at the end of the day the social conservatives are less numerous than many think.  Although around 20% are social conservatives in the country, the number of people who have banning gay marriage or outlawing abortion as one of their top issues is probably less than 5% so risk of a split is overblown.  A split is more likely to occur if the party lunges rightward and the moderates feel Trudeau is too left leaning, but the party is too right wing, that is where the real risk is.  In BC in 2013, everybody said Christy Clark being a federal Liberal couldn't win hardcore conservatives and would result in an NDP victory but that didn't happen.  This time the NDP came much closer, but it was the Greens on the left not conservatives who picked up the dissatisfied BC Liberals suggesting to me there is little interest in the hard right.
You confused gay with transgender.   We've been told to keep those distinct.
LGBTQ? Is Q a fifth category? No bias just asking.
Facts ARE my way. I'm sorry that you're so intent on ignoring them. His recent lashing out at the transgendered community through a "tweet" order changing policy regarding service in the military, done with zero consultation with any military staff or advisors, is the only action he's taken w/r/t the LGBTQ community since taking office. And it was an attack. Again, denial is not just a river in Egypt, and the fact that his greed caused him to make his club open to gays so he could make more money for himself in gay-friendly Palm Beach does not nominate him for some humanitarian award. Sad!
This article shows that the arthur knows little about history. What goes on today is nothing compared to the  "anger" I have seen just in my own lifetime. I remember, the Kent state killings, the Watts riots,   The Democratic Convention in Chicago, the assassinations of Kennedy-King-Kennedy. The Viet Nam war protests, the Campus "sit ins", the Gay riots in San Francisco, over the Harvey Milk shooting, just to name a few and one in which I was  personally involved.    What is seen today as "anger" in need of Management, is child's play compared with the anger expressed during the 60s and 70s. The "anger" today seems artificial. Bought and paid for. Forced and phony. The anger of spoiled brats whining about anything  because they have nothing else to do.
Exactly, we can't comment on the social beliefs of countries "governed" by religious law because it's#2017 and not politically correct. Except ideas of gender equality and freedom of expression (including clothes, comedy, and satire) are not a function of cultural relativism, they are a function of progress vs. regression and universal ideas of right and wrong. Canada doesn't have blasphemy and apostasy laws, not because we are different, but because we have evolved into advanced civilized societies whereas societies that beat women for not covering their hair are wrong, in absolute terms. But we can't talk about that, lest someone get triggered, M-103 and all that. The shameless hypocrisy is embarrassing - I missed the pride parades in Gaza and Peshawar this year but according to Trudeau, that must be a function of cultural relativism that countries "governed" by Islamists put gay people to death.
Weeding out those whose practices and ideas are inimical to widely-held and generally-accepted principles is, at first blush, a no-brainer.  However, the problem arises as to what constitutes "generally-accepted", especially as what is "generally-accepted" changes over time.  At one time, it was "generally-accepted" that women and blacks were inferior, and that homosexuals were undesirable deviants.  But those views have changed over time.  So what do we do if we accept people whose mores fit current standards of political correctness, but continue to retain those views when they fall out of general favour?  Deport them?  Do we exclude men (as was done with Syrian refugees) because we believe they are more likely to be violent  (despite subsequent events showing that women too can be suicide bombers)?  And do we really want to ensure such a degree of homogeneity of thought that different beliefs and ideas are excluded just because they are different?
I've lived all my life in Oregon, but I've always believed our #1 problem was the entitlement mentality that has developed, fostered by the unions and our criminal governors Goldschmidt and Kitzhaber, now with a boost from bisexual Brown. And you are a self-righteous egoist, testifying in court, writing a book, and being a guest for a program aren't that impressive.
Motley, I have a couple of views on the point you raise.  Either the draft age is raised to 21 along with the vote or an 18 year old gets to vote.  Unfortunately, it is possible for a 14-18 year old to be subject to the draft at 18 with no vote in the matter.  Additionally, women should be subject to the draft (along with transgender folks).  I am against no draft.  Therefore, I think a 21 year age for drafting both men and women equally by population percentage is the best solution.  That political calculation would make it very hard for chicken hawk politicians as you mention above (let's add Dick Cheney to your list also) to send our young citizens off to war.
I think transgender people are totally amazing.
And how is your covenant of marriage ruined by the existence of gay marriage? Please elaborate on your persecution and oppression.
You are wise. I think being Christian means walking out the door in the morning and reaching out to each and everyone with love and compassion. Talking about sex I think if we believe in a creator, s/he created us that way. I believe that anyone who uses others or allows themselves to be used are wrong. Gays, etc are born that way and if God created them that way, who are we to judge. Yes I'm quoting Francis. Obviously sex in human beings is not just for procreation.
Re:  The religious right starts to look past Election Day.   “If [Trump] loses, I think there will be a huge identity crisis in the Republican Party, and it is really hard to sort out,” Bauer says. “If you turn off values voters and working class America, you will have a party that is made up of a group of donors and a group of commentators. That won’t go far without actual voters.”  Two points.  I think if Trump wins there will be or should be a huge identity crisis in the Republican Party.  They will be a doomed party, alienating women, Hispanics, African Americans and not supported by Asian Americans, or millenials on issues like gay marriage, or the college educated.  It isn't going to work to be a party of old white men.  Second point.  We are all "values voters."  The so-called right doesn't own Christian values or religious values or the values of our founders any more than the rest of us.  Christianity, religious, democratic values belong to all of us.
You don't know or care if a spike is due to Trump... Yet you replied to a conversation on that very topic. I said "Finally a bit of sanity in government" in response to Trumps executive order. To which illegitimis said "I wonder how people like you can watch idly as the teen suicide rates among the LGBT community start to climb again", to which I replied "Name one". To this you felt the need to list LGBT suicides from Google, most, pre-dating Trumps election by two or more years.  To answer your questions: 1) I have "taken the time" to know none, and it matters not in this context. 2) I don't pay attention to christian media. 3) What a silly thing to even ask. In fact, I'm afraid the left's efforts to associate Trump with teen suicide rates may be self-fulfilling by propagating a cult of suicide.
your logic and understanding are fatally flawed.   you fail to grasp the true concept of the word "patriot"   nobody is going to force you into a homosexual marriage against your will. that is the extent of your "rights" on the subject.  nobody wants your church to marry homosexuals. they want your church to cease the un-American practice of imposing your will on others for no other reason than that you can and always have.   again... "patriotism", you're doing it wrong!
Companies never discriminate against lesbians, so the plaintiffs must be gold-diggers, is that your line?
Of all the things Jesus names in scripture as impediments to heaven, he never once mentions homosexuality.  So, if Christ, himself did not call it out, it is not a sin, but how God made people.  Jesus never called anyone to a celibate and unfulfilled life, neither do you have the right.
I believe, currently, male celibacy is demanded of heterosexual and homosexual men.  maybe I am not understanding you?  As for the rest we are mostly in agreement except I would suggest that we rid ourselves of all permanent deacons as this ministry is just a clericalization of lay people who have no more authority than a trained lay people, yet a represent people, who stand in the way of trained lay people becoming more involved sacramentally & liturgically in their parishes.  Again most countries have no permanent deacons because there is no need for any parish to have permanent deacons.  I agree the issue which is harming us most terrifically is that of misogyny & sexism in our ordination practices & laws.  This should be dealt with & all doors opened, at all levels to women before we discuss optional celibacy for any clergy.  God has allowed a hole in our leadership to make us face our abuse of women.  God will not reward us for filling in this hole in a new & more abusive fashion.
No one forces you to read anything. If you don't like it don't read it. Gays are out of the closet and they're not going back. So you can either accept it or live in anger, Your choice.
The accused youth likely has some serious mental health issues that apparently have gotten him in trouble before.  The fact that he is homeless is not in and of itself a cause of murderous behavior nor is his skin color.    The term "bum" is insulting to the homeless population which includes women fleeing abusive partner relationships; children and youth escaping mental and physical abuse, including sexual abuse, from family members; veterans who returned from U.S. war-making with PTSD; male and female elders whose Social Security benefits cannot keep up with rising rents; families with children who experience unemployment or extraordinary medical expanses and cannot pay their rents or mortgages; felons who have paid their debt to society but are now rejected by employers and landlords; people with mental or physical disabilities; gay and trans youth who have been thrown out of their homes by their parents;  and folks who have become locked into addictions to drugs including alcohol.
Thank you, Mike Laskey, for this cogent and may I say brilliant article.  I find the notion of an American flag in church  incredibly offensive.  Mind you, I live in England, but I felt the same way when I lived in the USA.  America has legalised abortion and now gay "marriage" and so is clearly an anti-Catholic regime. Not to change the subject, but here in the UK, you often find tattered old regimental banners mouldering away in odd corners of C of E churches.  Some of them are very tatty and definitely lower the tone. The other thing I don't like in churches is sticking the priest's chair plonk in front of the altar.  You don't see it so much anymore, thank goodness, but after Paul VI imposed his dreadful Novus Ordo on us all many churches did this.  The priest sitting right in front of the altar—Look at me!  Look at me!  Like Captain Kirk on the bridge of the Starship Enterprise. Anyway, thanks again for this lucid piece.  Ad multos annos!
Some say Pride has always been about Politics NO Pride is not the United Nations it should stick to gay politics - fight for gay rights and not Israel-Palestine unless to support gay rights in Palestine (Israel already has)
As one who is 'straight, but definitely not narrow,' I unfortunately focused on the "women must submit" nonsense that underpins Imago Dei's relational doctrine, but missed the implications for so many other relationships.  As one who probably has more LGBT friends than straight friends, this makes Jules' participation in this cult all the more troubling.  Thanks for pointing this out.
Pierre T lived as was called prior to the ‘70's, a life of an 'old bachelor' until he was 52 yrs when he married a childlike, un-medicated bipolar 23yr old woman, 1/2 his age & had 3 children in succession  You say 'some teenage boys also went ga-ga over' Trudeau, as he flamboyantly represented a Fr. & Br. Cdn; promoting his Fr.Cdn culture dogmatically  PE Trudeau, as per you was 'hot and stylish..[&] bore.. respect..' for Gays. As Memory recalls: he was quite facile in bridging both genders equally well  Was entirely a norm for rich Gay men born1919 to have a girlfriend cover or marry in order to hide their homosexuality; especially men in politics  Most people at 50ys sharply realize their mortality; intellectuals perceive immortality with production of their own biological children; especially selfish narcissists  Unethical rich spoilt men who jump for the easy way out are essentially 'without courage of truth' The Real Story of the character of Pierre-Elliott Trudeau is not known..
Alceste : Can you really tell me that there are Imams that publicly state that homosexuals, women, and Atheists are equal to Muslim men?
The question is whether Trudeau even needs to stand up to Trump on many of the issues. Most Canadians have no clue what Trump stands for. Like any PM I think he should stand up to any President that moves in directions are not in Canada's interests. I don't think we will see misogyny from Trump. I don't think we will see racism from Trump, though we will see moves against illegal immigration and tightening of immigration controls from countries whose emigrating populations pose a higher risk of terrorism. I don't think we will see an anti-gay agenda, though I do expect less support for the excesses of a hijacked quest for equality before the law. I don't expect Trump to declare himself a feminist as Trudeau foolishly has, but I do expect Trump to support general objectives of equality & that there will be important, women in this administration (though no arbitrary 50% rules). I am hoping, though not necessarily hopeful, that Trudeau will not become Wynne 2, a pardoy of liberalism.
I am hoping for South Park or The Simpsons or Family Guy to have a Pence episode like the one with Tom Cruise and the guy yelling into the door from the hallway ("Are you going to come out of the closet, now, Tom? Are you ever going to come out of the closet, Tom?").  Some folks I have talked to in the gay community are suspicious that the episode would be on target - Pence doth protest too much, they ponder...
Technically, I think you're right. The conversation was fairly brief, and the baker said he wouldn't bake a cake for a gay wedding, or something to that effect. Some have argued if he had waited until they discussed decorations, he would have been on firmer grounds.  And technically, when a local theater refused to sell tickets to men, they were violating the law. But the civil rights commission did nothing.   So when do technicalities matter and when do they not? I think it depends on whose ox is getting gored.
I misunderstood your comment.  I am not a huge fan of Trump, but he is dead on regarding this subject.  Do you actually believe active soldiers are in favor of transgendered recruits?  What exact qualifications would one need to address this subject?  Simple common sense is the only requirement.   I personally think this is all demonic in nature.   Is there any correlation to the fact that Satan is  described as an androgynous male with female breasts in the statue of Baphomet, worshiped by  luciferians?
I feel your comment misrepresents transgender people who are currently serving in the military with honor and distinction and are performing their job. Transgender people have served with Navy Seals and similar groups. This isn't about a bunch of goldbrickers wanting medical freebies. From what I've seen on cable news, numerous transgender people in the military serve their terms without contemplating surgery. And I am tired of your inference that transgender people are mentally ill. I bet if psychiatrists were given the bulk scores of 50 transgender people and 50 non-transgender people who had taken psychiatric or mental health exams, the psychiatrists would not be able to tell the difference between the two groups. If your concern is sex reassignment surgery, then make the surgery elective with no public funding. But don't kick out all transgender people, as Trump tweeted. Senator McCain is right: If people are volunteering to serve, and are capable of serving, they should serve.
Those athletic advantages are due entirely to endocrinological differences between people who are testosterone dominant or estrogen dominant. Transgender athletes must be on hormone replacement therapy and maintain specific blood serum levels for the gender with which they are competing. The NCAA and the IOC along with scores of other athletic bodies have long held that trans athletes that have been on hormones for a specific length of time maintain no advantage due to their previous testosterone of estrogen dominance. Hormones change a persons muscle mass and density, red blood cell count, lung capacity, bone density, etc. Im glad you brought up running because here is a link to an actual paper published in a well known sporting journal that documents the changes in transgender competitive runners speed and endurance before during and after transition. I hope you read it.   http://jrci.cgpublisher.com/product/pub.301/prod.4
Haven't you noticed, the term is now Gay People not Gays.  Part of G&M  political correctness?
No, you missed my point. Female empowermennt just gets us to ground level. I agree that promiscuity is sinful, not because it offends God but because of the loneliness and ache for communion. That says nothing about impsoing neo-platonic ideals of chastity within marriage that are natural to asexuals onto heterosexuals. It is not a good fit.
Unloving, yes. You would have us believe that God is as homophobic as you are. And, given that you reject Dignitatis Humanae, you are NOT faithful to Church teaching.
I liked MSW's comment:  "This leads to one observation I have from reading the leaked emails: Clinton’s team is a lot smarter than their GOP counterparts and the U.S. bishops are well advised to stop listening to the people who have tried to drag them into the rabbit hole of opposing all gay rights, of refusing to cut a deal on the contraception mandate, and of misrepresenting the religious liberty issue time and time again."
Peter Tatchell is an Englishman living in England. I have great respect for him and his long history of gay activism in that country. But we live here in the United States and we have something called the Constitution which they do not have in England. We are bound by it. Tatchell and his English brethren are not.
The hierarchy of the Catholic Church in the USA are a rigidly politicized group. Their alliance with far right anti-gay forces, and their intellectually dishonest embrace of a phony notion of "religious freedom," makes them inevitable enemies of gay people.
I agree that in many documents of the magisterium, global and US local, there are teachings that line up with both parties, and teachings that are rejected by the platforms of both parties.  But that is not the just of your objection to "o sarcastic nic"--you asked for list of bishops expressing support of the republicans. I take this to mean statements, nods, and winks by individual bishops; and on that assumption, surely we both acknowledge that the majority of the US bishops fit the description of "cultural warriors" preoccupied with abortion and gay marriage and the purity of the Church non-involvement in supporting birth control via health care. Among that majority are a very significant number of bishops who find the republican party to be their preferable choice precisely because of these issue, TO THE EXCLUSION of all of the other teachings; so one way or another they "proclaim" support for the republicans.
To continue, Walter, you write:  "In regard to transgender, I would resort to biology and the fact of evolution for the correct perspective."  This begs an interesting number of questions:  Firstly, has there been and literature in biological sciences on transgenderism?  If you know any papers on the subject in biology journals, I'd be interested in reading them.  Second, the assertion of transgenderism is that a female soul can be in a male body and vice versa.  Since the soul is immaterial, the topic itself would be outside the consideration of material science, wouldn't it?  Also, this assertion requires the existence of souls, and therefore, of metaphysics.  Thus in arguing for transgenderism, one must reject the notion that empirical science as the sole arbiter of truth.  One final observation to follow ...
Funny you should say that.  The article w/ your candidate Mr Abercrombie...he was upset because he felt someone mischaracterized him publicly.  He apparently also had discretion as regards the issue of homosexuals and "marriage" and he exercised that by issuing his edict from on high, forcing all to "deal with it."  He had hoped that no one would remember that when placed on the ballot for the "governed" to vote on up or down, the overwhelming 70%+ said no.  Didn't bother him, he had a pen and a phone.  He knew that if it was placed on the ballot it still wouldn't have changed the no vote.  Ethics, morals, very important in my opinion.  On that we agree.  But I don't think it is a threshold that has to be met when discussing this issue.
This is not shocking.  If women can do it, why not gays?  Now wait for 213 men to board the allegation bus.  We've known Kevin is gay for many years.  No big deal.
Hypocrisy of the left at its finest. Trump had nothing to do with what happened over the weekend. Trump denounced it. He will prosecute anyone involved.  Hillary takes millions from countries that abuse women, refuse to recognize the rights of gay people, and to this day allows for the practice of FGM.  Obama does not denounce the violence from BLM and Antifa, welcomes BLM to the White House and the left is silent.  Liberals would protest if Trump did exactly what they wanted. The fact he finally got NK to back down shows he is a stronger leader than Obama or Clinton would have been, but the left would rather side with NK because it is not Trump.  Liberals really are a sad bunch that they would justify the violence from BLM and Antifa while also ignoring the war on the Police while trying to blame Trump for the weekend protest death.  It is sickening. There is no place for any of the violence, and Trump was man enough and a strong enough leader to say it.
So urinals will now be placed in the ladies restrooms for the "trans-guys" who claim a quirk in thinking makes them female? Sure and I bet Obama has demanded urinals in the bathrtooms his daughters use at their school?  Yes when I see that publicized I too will accept perverts using bathrooms of the other gender what ever it may be.
"First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Socialist.  Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out—  Because I was not a Trade Unionist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—  Because I was not a Jew.  Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me."  ------------ You can substitute Bannon targets for this Holocaust warning....perhaps "immigrants for Socialists"  "Gay's for Trade Unionists.  They ARE coming for Jews right now and if we don't wantGermany in the 30s we must speak up....and the bishops have established that they are incapable...so think it's up to us!
I would love to see a marching contingent of gay police officers from across Canada and the US in Pride 2017. Hundreds of officers marching as one in  uniform:   smart, polished and PROUD.  Compare that to what BLM  offers;  violence, anger and desolation.
I am not the President; neither are you.    It is totally in a President's discretion as to who to pardon,  or commute.  But, I am much more comfortable with Trump giving Arpaio a pass on his misdemeanor than many of the  over 450 people Obama pardoned or commuted.  Particularly the career criminals and drug dealers and other felons he pardoned or commuted.      I disapprove of his commutation of the transgender traitor as well.  S/he risked the lives of real people.
What accomplishments? He played rope-a-dope while being relentlessly attacked. Surrendering real health care reform for an industry written bill, escalating illegal wars and extra judicial execution of citizens abroad should have gained conservative applause. Oh gays can marry, aside from that (it wasn't even his doing) what Uber liberal damage has he wrought?
That is just double talk. If you refuse to make a cake for a gay wedding while offering cakes to other weddings, youmare in violation of the law, period. Discriminating against an event is discriminating against a person. How do you remove peolle from this?  It is literally discrimination. It seems like you are looking for a loophole that would allow discrimination. If this guy wins his case, that would allow for anyone to discriminate against anyone for any reason. "My religion states that Asian people are evil, so I can not serve them." Don't think that could happen?  The baker is making up stuff.  No where in the bible does it say not to serve gays.  If he designed a plain cake but offered decorations to other people, he is in violation of the law and discriminating.  Why do you want to allow discrimination?  He could just stop making wedding cakes, or be a man and treat every one the same, like real men do.
The natural order of the body is construct. Not reality. The natural order for being gay is being gay. After Epigenesis occurs you cannot chose to go back (unless it was partial and you are bisexual). The only lie is creating a fairy tale story because God cannot be hurt by sin and you need a justification for clerical phantasm. Masturbation is in the same class.
Homosexuality at its core is not sustainable socially or biologically.  I am a christian and I won't even make a christian argument.  Two men cannot breed and reproduce and neither can two women.  Biologically this has to be a lifestyle choice because this behavior would be weeded out in the long run just by not being able to reproduce.  You cannot have a male body and be born female.  Males have certain parts and traits, females have certain parts and traits.  You can be a man and want to act like a woman, which is a lifestyle trait, nothing more.
The studies also necessary because there is a widespread belief among opponents of gay marriage that gay visitors will destroy our tourist industry in Hawaii.   It was part of their campaign against gay marriage.   Facts like these studies tell us what the real story is. The fact is that gay tourism is an important part of tourism in Hawaii and we need to Market to them if we expect to dispel the idea that Christians in Hawaii dislike gays and lesbians.
You can be fired for being LGBT.
After the success of the marriage-equality issue, the LGBT community adopted transgender rights as the next important cause.  Trump's made another big tactical mistake (he has no perceivable "strategy") by alienating the large and growing LGBT segment of American society.  He's shot so many holes in his own foot he could use it as a colander.    This is one of his more significant blunders (to date, anyway -- but who knows what tomorrow may bring) because the LGBT community is both articulate and vocal, and this is a move they'll never let him live down.    He's once again proven himself to be on the wrong side of seemingly every social justice issue.
"A good half of them are gay, men and women both. They just kept quiet about it." The "Don't ask, don't tell" policy was instituted by the Clinton administration in 1994. It was met with resistance but due mainly to attrition of the force it was eventually accepted.  Now transgenders are taking center stage. As a 26 year U.S. military veteran I can say without hesitation the military is not the place for those with an identity crisis or medical needs outside of those required by the force. The demands are intense, serious and not your garden variety office place of business.
Note the first line of the article:  "Human-rights activists say Azerbaijani authorities have launched a purge against LGBT citizens, aping their counterparts in Chechnya."  Learn to read.
Yes! Paul, that's exactly what I've been trying to tell people! Before the liberals in NC brought this debate to the front (wherein the conservatives enacted the law in response), transgender folks were just minding their own business using whatever bathroom they wanted to and no one was the wiser. Why would the liberal agenda deliberately bring such intense focus to a group of vulnerable individuals who really just want to blend in? Shame on the liberal whine factory.
He doesn't making Halloween cakes for ANYBODY. He makes custom cakes for any heterosexual couple that walks in the door and refuses to make any custom cake for a gay couple. There a profound difference there.
redfox, what is even worse is the 'theology of the body'.  It seems a better fit as a  'theology of desperation', making no scientific sense at all.  Yet it has its adamant followers as does the pseudo psychology (or is it just another theology) of restoring gays to heterosexuals...then there is the folly of Intelligent Design masquerading as science.
"...move on gay marriage."  It will be interesting to see how Intervarsity's "move on gay marriage" plays out on Catholic campuses like Georgetown University and, say, Assumption College.  The evangelical  Protestant organization is trying to make inroads on Catholic campuses (Catholic higher education, in general), which campuses seem to be more tolerant toward LGBT employees. Everyone puts on airs of tolerance except ....
I think everyone is too busy picking at silly little points of "he said/she said" to remember values around here many times.  It's sad.  I'm glad Clinton's not president.  That doesn't mean I'm anti-gay, or even anti-Christian, etc., etc.  Too many people are venting more than thinking and reaching out to their fellow humankind.  In *that* regard, I'm glad there was a march.  If we're out to ruin the president, however, I'll resist that.  Our voices should be working to help, not hinder.  I had to do it when Obama was president for 8 years; I know it can be done and I have faith in my fellow Americans.
Homosexuality is not a crime in Russia.
Arlene, you really don't make any sense here.  I am not anti-gay, nor asking anyone to go "back in the closet".  I am merely pointing out that the ADN, which purports to be an objective source of news (at least, I THINK they would purport to being that) are clearly pushing an agenda with this never-ending and disproportionate stream of GayBLTWXYZ articles masquerading as "news" when those folks are just a tiny segment of the population.    It is no different than if they ran two or three articles daily on the benefits of gun ownership, or on the evils of abortion, or on a particular political candidate with a clearly positive or negative cast.  At a certain point, it becomes obvious that they are trying to not just report the news, but to actively SHAPE the news according to their own agenda, and it is that, and only that, that makes me  upset.
"By dis-inviting the Toronto Police Service from Pride, the Pride board simply recognizes and supports the reality check offered by Black Lives Matter. "    Bravo to the organizers of Pride. There's so much more to being a proud person and proud citizen of a democracy than sexual orientation.    Gays should be very proud of the way they've fought oppression to become accepted equals in middle class Canada. And they should be very proud of being ethical enough to care about those groups still being scapegoated on the bottom of the socio-economic ladder.   For Canadians who still love the idea of democracy it's essentially a simple matter to build it - don't suk up and don't kick down. Easy to say, hard to do.
Jason attends a mainstream Christian church.  You are still equating homosexuality with various minor sins (greed, lack of respect etc.)  You have bigoted opinions about homosexuality.  Your "compassion" is really just your feeling that you are morally superior to Jason and are such a great guy for not expressing your prejudice in an open or political way.
I don't have any problem using the family changing rooms if that's what you're referring to. I didn't happen to see one that day, nor is it relevant. Family rooms are often one locking stall which would be perfectly safe. Not a room full of stalls where someone abusing a transgender rule could be hiding.  Regardless, the reason I shared my experience was because I personally reported an incident that clearly was ignored by Target management and never reported  on, which contradicts points made in this article. I've never had the occasion to use a unisex changing room in a Target, which is irrelevant because it has nothing to do with the article. But I do think that people should feel safe going into public restrooms. I certainly think it should be a safe place for infants and children to go and that day demonstrated to me that it's no longer a safe place and not because of transgender people using it, but because bad people take advantage of a situation.
Anyone can appreciate these 2 groups supporting each other.  Gays suffered brutal oppression at the hands of police. Blacks to this day suffer at the hands of police brutality and oppression..  That Pride made the choice to support BLM by banning uniformed police officers from marching, sends a powerful message of solidarity to the bigots, racists and those who abuse their power, or turn a blind eye to it. Cause harm, allow harm, further harm...all morally reprehensible.  If a councilor wants to retaliate for groups joining forces to strengthen their voice to do nothing more then force others to respect their rights and the rule of law, makes this councilor demonstrably unfit to hold office.         Withhold the funding, it's taxpayer dollars and if the taxpayer feels otherwise, council will support Pride.  End of story.     None of these people have the power they think they do, and that's all this is about.  When power is held by the people, rulers & enforcers panic.
I, like millions of other Americans, am not grieving.  I was overjoyed with the electoral results, glad that a woman who advocates for, and supports, abortion, euthanasia, gay "marriage", and the restriction of religious freedom, has been defeated, hopefully for all time.  I give thanks that this nation, this society, was preserved from a second Clinton presidency, and that we now have the opportunity to reverse 8 years of extreme leftist, ant-Christian, policies.  On November 8, it seemed that a new dawn shown on America - Christmas came a little early this year!
And yet Ibbotson spent years supporting a government that virulently opposed same sex marriage.  Tsk.
No mention of an under the table boycott of Target for it's ever increasing leftist policies culminating in outright anger at their transgender bathroom policies.  Not sure what the affect that has been but should have a clearer picture after the others report.
"How could the Church (in their minds) ever "treat them 'fairly'" when the Church can never condone their chosen life style?"  The Church could accept the biological fact that homosexuality is not 'a chosen lifestyle' in any different sense than heterosexuality is a chosen lifestyle.  And in doing that the Church might also have to face up to the fact that God can not teach concepts that humanity can't yet comprehend therefor it is not against God's will to admit, 'oh my we really don't have all of God's truth. God is still teaching and His creative story is still unfolding...and humanity is still evolving in the fullness of God's truth.'
That's right... Play into every stereotype of the LGBTQ community. Your veiled swipe at gay men is baseless. Many within the LGBTQ community are either below or almost below the poverty line. So what's your point?
Bogus news story...if you engage your brains it's obvious why...  Out of 350 Million citizens, the US has roughly 100 million Adult male and females eligible by age ( that's 100,000,000)... a huge number.  At their peak, the armed forces combined population was only 750,000 troops!  Math question what percentage of 100 MILLION  is 750 THOUSAND...LMAO!  Ready for this...it's only 0.75%...of the eligible population... but we have 30% eligible!!!  Fake News.  So why is this a story? THE ANSWER: The media is not providing objective news, they are providing AGENDA DRIVEN PROPAGANDA! What is the AGENDA? One compound word...TRANSGENDER. This is the leftist defense to keep Transgender in the military...it's that simple. You are not reading news, you are reading leftist antiAmerican propaganda disguised as news.
If I had to rewrite the comment, I’d finish with “… not any more important than other mass shooting victims.” Did shootings at Clackamas Town Center, Reynolds HS, and Umpqua CC, all much closer to home, spur local vigils? Did EPD announce then that it would not tolerate crimes in our malls and schools? Did EPD even announce such a thing after scares at Sheldon and Thurston last week? No, because such a thing isn’t necessary. But some members of the gay community, seeking validation and endorsement of their lifestyle choices, scream discrimination if public agencies and others don’t provide those things to them. I will leave people alone to live their lives, but I will not validate and endorse those choices, just as I don’t validate and endorse all the choices I’ve ever made in my own life. If that offends you, grow some skin.
He makes wedding cakes for heterosexuals but refuses to make them for gays. That is completely different that not making Halloween cakes at all (lol at those christians, Halloween is great). He is in violation of Colorado law by only making wedding cakes for some and not for a protected class.   It is very clear. He agreed to follow state law when he signed his business license application.  He might have been better off to putting up a big sign outside that said, "We do not make gay wedding cakes."
And how many years ago were "gays" not a "protected class"?  - And all it took in the 1930s Germany for Hitler to rise.....was all the people who voted for him.  - In other words, what mankind deems "good" and "bad".....changes quite often.....but what God deems "good" and "evil" never does.
My biggest problem with guys like TomZ who bring up gays in straight marriages as the cure for the G is they ignore the B in GLBT.  I'm sure considering the B would be well beyond his Catholic mindset.  What would a B be?  Semi intrinsically disordered?
"Don we now our gay apparel" still resonates in our culture, although it may not be associated with the birth of The Christ.
If you want to hide behind biblical morals, it all ends in logic upon death and taxes. Fair is fair, and we were wrong to discriminate against people for being gay. Edith is a warrior and we should honor her life and make the future better for all our citizens without prejudices of old.
"How can he be a "hater" of LGBT and Immigrants and still go to a show that is so openly pro LGBT and immigrant?"  The CON was, tRump-Fence knew it was going to happen like this, all along. Staged just like tRump's fake publicist from years ago. What a better place to stage their con, than at a theatre.  Oh yeah, doesn't take a Ben Carson brain surgeon to figure out that a 70% Blue, Manhattan crowd would have this reaction.
I am very interested to see how the lawsuit turns out, because Hammond is something of a controversial figure in that she seems always to place herself at the centre of any story, counter to the instincts of most good journalists. (Side note: my observation has nothing to do with her transgenderism.) I tend to believe Tom Doyle here, that SNAP will likely be vindicated and that what Hammond is claiming can be rather easily explained. Having said that, now would be a good time for the organization to evolve into one that can focus more broadly not just on the same agenda globally, but on the broader issues of abuse prevention and survivor treatment.
Catholic groups like Catholic Climate Covenant which care about the environment and global warming are a laudable thing, but at this point their letter-writing amounts to too little, too late. They might as well be screaming at the wind for howling. Perhaps if they'd used every ounce of their clout BEFORE last November's election to appeal to the USCCB to denounce Trump it might have made some difference, though I seriously doubt it. The bishops conference was too invested in putting a Republican in the White House because of their twin obsessions abortion and gay marriage that they didn't care about anything else. Now it's too late. All their blathering, letter-writing, etc. is just whistling past the graveyard. They helped elect Donald J. Trump, now they must live with their choice and all that goes with it. Perhaps in 2020 they'll be singing a different tune, though I doubt even that. Trump and his Republican congress could trash everything and the bishops would still be on board.
Nora, I agree with nearly everything you say here. But requiring the ordained to have a certain gender/orientation -- asexual male -- would have to be a violation of civil rights in every other case, in the case of the hetero male, gays, asexual females, hetero females, lesbians. Only asexual males are not discriminated against by the Church demanding male celibacy.  There should be no married male priests and no female deacons until all ordination is open to women and all LGBT, etc.  The Pope says in the article the deacon study is not a matter of opening a door (to women's ordination presumably).  And it would seem he is about to snatch the job of parish administrator away from all the women running parishes in remote areas.  After four years of this, I would hope no one is under the illusion that this Pope can think his way out of the box.  He doesn't know anything about women deacons, only 'deaconesses'? Who will educate this Pope?
My mom worked on Saudi Arabia for over a decade, as did other family and friend. Homosexual sex between so called heterosexuals, both male and female, is the norm. This is common knowledge amongst the population as well as foreign workers. Oh but when asked there are 0 % homosexuals in Saudi Arabia. I guess the same goes for alcohol and all other "forbidden" goings on banned by the Koran. lol
I have always said, show me someone paranoid about gays, and I will show you a closet case; show me someone loudly proclaiming about the 'sanctity' of marriage, and I will show you an adulterer; show me someone screaming about Christian charity, and I will show you someone in love with earthly treasure, etc..
Transgender operations and hormone therapy requires constant monitoring by a doctor. They carry serious health risks. Some of those risks require serious medications and ongoing management.   That is not what the military usually expects to deal with from recruits.
I have no idea if JS Woodsworth was pro-choice or pro-same-sex marriage.  However, I can guarantee you that the NDP has been ahead of the curve on those issues over the years.   And without any doubt at all, more so than the Conservative Party you've said you now support.  Whatever year your father made his claim about ndp attitudes about clergy, he was wrong. I suspect you have no idea what young NDP activists think.
I see nothing wrong with gay weddings.  People should be happy when they get married.
Amen, where have all the good Samaritans gone, any teachings in Corinthians? If all sermons come from Saul/Paul that will not be a compassionate church, was not he gay, he would not be welcome in many Christian churches today This whole anti abortion fever, do their churches make a point to offer to adopt instead of abort? If not I think that is called talking out of both sides of your mouth. Healthcare can end at birth now thanks to our "compassionate conservatives" poor people live 15 to 20 years less than rich folks, no education, no jobs, no healthcare. Big Pharma will sell drugs until there are no folks left to buy them because they  donate to lawmakers. Vote for trump he will defend "Christian values", such as cheating on how many wives, groping strangers, fact checks on trump say about 75% of what he says is untrue or deceptive,  picking a religion to favor is NOT in our Constitution, many immigrants were fleeing religious prosecution and still are. Hundreds of years of history.
You still misunderstand what I'm saying.  I didn't say the Church shouldn't engage in dialogue with Jews.  What I said was that the Church does not, has not, and should not engage in dialogue whose very object is to change fundamental Church teaching.  The Church cannot remain the Church and condone homosexual conduct.  Dialogue that has this as its object is contrary to the very essence of the Church and will not occur.  If it does, the Church will cease to be the Church.
I'll refrain from quoting what Paul had to say about homosexual acts (I'm sure you're aware of it).  The existence of the spiritual does not erase the need to respect the physical.  It's like saying we're all going to die anyway so why not just kill one another?  Love and sex are two different things.  Both are important.  And sodomy isn't important; or, rather, is just, well, a disordered inclination.  As I've said before, we all have the capacity to love both sexes; and we all have the capacity to engage in sex or sodomy with both sexes.  Which choice for sex/sodomy is right has been made abundantly clear by Scripture, by evolution and biology, and by society.  Love everyone.
Since when is it "shunning" to deny Communion? Another poster claimed Paprocki had ordered all gay people to be buried in "unmarked graves." Insanity!
