Who are you to decide that the baker's actions are "inconsistent" with Christianity?The 1st amendment does NOT determine what beliefs are, just that the government does not get to make laws restricting the free expression of the religion (with the caveat of course that no "religion" can deny others their life or their religion-that is a given). muslims ARE consistent with their religious belief that homosexuality is a death sentence. So, you are saying that as long as muslims are consistent and kill/discriminate against homosexuals they are free to do so, in your mind, because they are "consistent" but you single out YOUR definition of Christian and determine that no "Christian" is allowed the same right to refuse service to, approve of or associate with gays? What an illogical, irrational, intolerant position!
you gotta be kidding.  trump a Christian, nope, he is the devil, he hates blacks, Hispanics, muslims, gays, Asians, etc.
I said I generalized.  As a culture, we certainly accept those deaths and many more as a means of a viable solution to minimal problems.  I sure haven't heard much talk against these wars.   What we shift to is pathetic in comparison.  Some football player kneels when the anthem is being played, or Trump says something stupid on Twitter, or some guy refuses to bake a cake for a gay couple, and the country freaks out. We kill thousands of families and hardly a word said.  That's some prioritization we have going on.  I was born in the 1960's, and those protests are what we should be seeing.   I've been vocal to my government about this behavior since the 1990's, when I started to realize what we've been doing. My congressmen have been getting an earful.  Tancredo, Coffman, and even Perlmutter disagree and think we're doing the right thing.
I would ask these questions of Catholic of fundamentalist Christians.  But there is one big difference between these two religions and Islam.  Islam actively promotes misogyny and homophobia.  Women in Saudi Arabia are treated as second class citizens, having to cover themselves, not being allowed to drive, etc.  And gays are being thrown off buildings because they are homosexual.  I mean, by God, this is 2017.    So there is a difference in having a different view (I cannot condone the homosexual lifestyle so I am not going to bake you a cake) versus violence toward that person (yeah, I will bake you a cake, with something nasty inside it).  Christianity doesn't throw gays off buildings or force women to cover themselves head to toe.  For the record, I am gay, so this issue is important.  And for the record, I am deeply sorry that someone would shout out things to people would appear to be very nice folks!
Another biased, hypocrite article. Milo went over his free speech, but the author's rant is all about the fact that he is a male, good looking, white, on top gay Conservative. That's mainly, what this opinion is so against his 'free speech'. Take the case of a left wing bozo Bill Maher, "who took credit for the downfall of Milo Yiannopoulos, has also defended adult sex with children", according to the NP headliner. Ms, author, care to mention about leftist Bill Maher, I didn't think so.
When Gay Pride accepts the bullying, yet you complain that police do that, your time is over.
You're assuming that the current homosexual-dominated priesthood will admit heterosexual seminarians and that any heterosexual seminarians will be willing to stay in the homosexual seminarian environment.
Well, to be fair, any supposed "merits" of Trump are yet to be seen, so there is a reason these people keep up with the conspiracy theories and other deflection tactics that involve people that are not Trump, like Hillary.    Next up in the rotation? Maybe the birther stuff? Ayers? Alinsky? Wright? Obama is secretly gay and/or Muslim? Or that Michelle is really a man?   There is no end of nonsense conspiracy theories that the right spends hours and hours agonizing over, all while ignoring the rot at the center of their party, as well as the intrinsic immorality of their ideology.
When many Muslim parents objected to Wynne's sex education curriculum, she called them homophobes. Was that Islamophobic?
When we see gay people arguing for reverse conversion therapy to turn straight people gay, and black people working to systematically disenfranchise and deport white people, then we can talk.
And making sure there's plenty of tranny solders and they can be assigned to the new Space Cadet Corps where they can be called Star Ship Trannies.
The days of rounding up gay people are not, in fact, over. Gee should do a bit of research into what is happening in his own city so that he has some modicum of an informed opinion.  Not all reasonable people oppose BLM, it's mostly fragile, entitled white people who want to be able to dictate what's acceptable with regard to protest.  These are the same people who opposed gay rights for decades.  The very same people, using the very same arguments. Gee feels that he's entitled to pronounce on racism. What a shocker there.  Maybe he should look in the mirror, realize how white he is, and come to some understanding that, truly, he knows nothing about racism, despite all his internalizing and vocalizing of racist outrage.
I actually do respect other cultures which are worthy of respect...9th century throwbacks who make women wear a tarp in public and throw gays off of rooftops on the other hand? You're right don't respect them and never will. He displayed an undue "level of respect" for the leader of a nation which is unworthy of it and the perpetrators of the 9/11 attacks of you dig deep enough.
One case made national headlines and still does, two years later. The other was barely mentioned and then swept under the rug.  Guess which religion regularly tosses gays off of high rooftops for sport?
I didn't have look very hard to find a really life progressive liberal example. One can safely assume the progressive liberals posting support such behavior.  Terry Bean, is the top fund raiser and central key figure and party leader among the Oregon progressive democrats from the local to federal level. Bean is both gay and well known as a liberal activists. A Lane County Grand Jury indicted him for engaging sexual with a minor, supplying illegal drugs and sometimes secretly filmed gay porn in his home in which he used the profits from sales to fund campaigns for progressive liberals.
Roy! I thought we had a positive relationship and open lines of communication! I feel betrayed by you! I just want to dialogue with my community & you are bullying me with your mansplaining! Of course a straight MALE like you feels like it's OK to tell me, a lesbian woman, to be silent! That right there is cis heteronormative male privilege! Triggered!!!
was probably called Pop Rocks all through the Seminary by gay seminarians.
And never ask Tim Burgess, why the State spent a billion to study the Alaska Way Viaduct, with a trillion dollar tunnel boring machine, stuck in the mayors tunnel, for medical care, of too many shooters into his mouth. It's just like his Police Department, where paying any tax, is used to employ the most ignorant people ever before seen on the planet, murdering Native Americans, for crossing the street on a walk signal, because a totem pole carver, is a crime in the gay mayors office, and the police still cannot figure out, any crispy cream donut shop investigation box. Not enough bullits, and not enough guns. The Gay Mayor, and his pee pee puffing police department, always shown best own the street. Too stupid to find work at Dunkin Donuts, apply with the City, Imbeciles Inbreeding, as a requirement of Seattle Police Procedure. Murder as a official policy, judge jury and executioner, all wrapped up in the Gay Mayors office. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dt1mFQG3tJg
Why does Netflix hate gay people?
Disgusting. Three thoughts: 1) Donald Trump will throw GLBT people under the bus at any time to keep conservative Christians supporting him. It has nothing to do with political philosophy. It has everything to do with political expediency. 2) It is amazing the number of born-again libertarians who have come out ever since gay people started getting equal rights. 3) If a gay or atheistic person refused to offer conservative Christians goods or services and claimed artistic freedom or freedom of conscience, conservative Christians would explode. Such Christians want to be able to discriminate while being protected from being discriminated against.
Your statement most certainly IS a lie. Yes, I do call you a liar. I do so BECAUSE YOU LIE. You lie on a regular basis. The first one of your many that I caught was your claiming that Cardinal Burke's blatantly homophobic "advice" to grandparents to reject their gay children lest the grandchildren not grow up to be homophobes did not show fear and loathing of homosexuals. Yes, he did specify that the gay children should be in relationships, but SO WHAT! It was still showing hatred of homosexuals.   No, Pandora. You are a demonstrated liar, and I continue to call you on your lies, up to and including your lie that I call people liars because they disagree with me  I suggest that you grow up, and start to be honest.
What a patronizing idiotic column! As the sister of a gay man who came out of the closet in the 80s I've been defending him for the past 30-something years. I'm so tired of people never being able to differentiate my brothers other than by their sexual preference. They have names, jobs, live in different parts of the country. If you think the families of gay people haven't been walking the walk, think again. Does Denise have any gay relatives? I also have a gay nephew who I now support. But one thing I won't supporting this year is the Pride parade. I'm no fan of the cops but I don't support BLM hijacking the parade. I hope Toronto gays insist that Cuba and Jamaica are left out of Caribana. Look how they've victimized homosexuals over the years.
"I will surround myself with a staff that is reflective of the diversity within this city," was Multnomah County Commissioner Jules Bailey's answer.  Bailey  continues:  "I  will also paradoxically attend and tithe to an almost all-white fundy church that demands that my female staffers submit to their husbands, unless those female staffers are lesbians, in which case they are bound for hell along with gay guys."
As a dedicated LGBTQ ally who goes after anti-gay people, policies, and practices...I don't go anywhere near LGBTQ events/social media because there is so much behaviour policing directed at allies, some of it deserved, a lot that's not.  I think the points made are mostly facile. Allies aren't a homogenous group. Some will be wonderful, some obnoxious, like Perry. But they are ALLIES and their mistakes carry far less danger and consequence than those of ENEMIES.  Serious, persecutory, often lethal danger is afoot globally for LGBTQ. The online mewling about costumes and pop culture linked 'controversies' or the right attitude an ally needs to strike at Pride?  Please.  Mike Pence is a heartbeat away from the American presidency. There are concentration camps for gays in Chechnya. The Perez Hilton-ification of LGBTQ issues online and related shots at allies is crazy.   Plus, it fuels the Trumpian backlash when you slag people who get it mostly right.
and just how is he "foisting" by not decorating a wedding cake according to the desires of the gay couple? And who are you to decide/judge his in your opinion hypocritical and non Christian teachings? He is not a hypocrite if he acts on his beliefs, whether you agree with his understanding of Christ's teachings or not. Logic is failing you. BTW, his business preexisted "public accommodation" interpretation to include a privately owned bakery, not engaged in interstate commerce....
We should be caring about both, and I'd argue killing hundreds of thousands outweighs getting one religious nut to make you a cake.  It isn't like in America there's a gays only section at the back of the bus...not even close.  The couple could've simply gone to another bakery and gotten wonderful service.  Priorities.  Americans have it...it's "me me me me me".
Yes, and no one is more threatening than gays. The Catholic Church is more welcoming of the unrepentant, serial rapist than a married homosexual.
The hypocrisy of this government knows no bounds. Ms. Wynne, how do you think gay kids - who have to attend schooling by law until 18 and must attend school in their local area - are feeling when Fridays become disrupted by Muslim prayer services in the public schools? Homosexuality is condemned in main stream Islam. These are students who have NO choice in attending!
If the research had shown that most kids get their neuroses and their fat asses from their fat assed mothers - big yoga mangirl with the hair would have been on Mansbridge looking for jail terms for misogynists.  Instead   We get this BS. I'm telling you people keep it up. At some point men will organize and turn this crap hole country back into the stone age in retaliation. You ar enot helping even out our society by printing this crap.  Handmaids Tale for Lesbians will the first version.  Put those lesbian research groups and every other man hating freak NGO writing this crap back into the holes they came from  This thinly disguised hate writing should be investigated for what it is HATE Some men's group should sue because mangirl won't do a thing for men.
It is astonishing that a Catholic bishop can leave it up to locals, members of his flock, 'the sheep', entrusted to him by Our Lord in his diocese, to decide for themselves upon the issue of same-sex 'marriage'. Not only Catholics but the whole human race is prohibited from indulging in homosexual activity by the Divine and Natural Laws. If people can make up their own minds about what is good and what is evil, what is the point of Christ and His Church; what is the point of this bishop and those like him?
Man, you are really reaching here. Did I hit a nerve? Good, maybe you will think twice before you disparage one of your gay "friends" again "all in fun". Please point out where I said anything even close to "straight people can't be friends with gay people."
Happy to see you left Juneau for Anchorage Michae....One less homosexual is always good news.
I, for one, believe gay rights has everything to do with it. I joined the pussy march for THAT and oh-so-many other reasons. It was deeply moving to be in the presence of the abundance of positive energy and the connection that all of us shared today. Yes, many of us were there to march for rights and equality including for our LGBTQIA+ brothers and sisters. I find it sad that you don't find the connection.   "From the equality of rights springs identity of our highest interests; you cannot subvert your neighbor’s rights without striking a dangerous blow at your own." ~Carl Schurz
We have to have different Oscars .One for women,one for black ,one for Latinos ,one for gays. Everybody are happy
And since we're talking about "tranny porn" since you brought it up, you can confirm for yourself.  It doesn't matter if trans-women do not go through male puberty, their hips and other features simply do not match real females, they tend to have less of an hour glass figure, and many times they will use fillers to achieve that hour glass figure.  And this isn't all fat, it is also skeletal geometry.  If men and women were simply so similar that not going through puberty was enough these stark differences wouldn't persist. Even in one of the most impressive transitions using blockers, Andrej Prejec clearly shows a body without curves or wide hips. http://i.imgur.com/b5vtseU.jpg Beyond that the ethics of hrt treatment before people reach adulthood is still questionable. Hrt does not reverse bone changes, and its noted that even male reflexes are faster than that of women.
As a gay man, I really am sickened by Anderson Cooper, Don Lemon and that other guy, Rachel Madcow...  Anderson is a disgrace to the our community and so many of us find him to be just another liberal sell out hack. If Anderson's head were any further up the behind of that perjuring pusillanimous poltroon, he'd might actually be considered straight - which not one of us would give two rats asses if he were.
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI!
Maybe...just MAYBE...it's personal choice? Ever hear of lipstick lesbians? Ever notice that in many couples, there is a feminine woman and a "butch" woman?  That's why.
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI!
Partisanship is an amusing charge coming from an anti-gay, anti-Hawaiian, anti-Muslim Trump-supporting birther who is a self-described Secretary at Hawaii Republican Party :-)
They're going to need more money in the fund with Philpott loosening regulations regarding gay men to donate blood. Some clown will call this comment uncivil and me a homophobe but it's just simple statistics that HIV is more prominent in gay people than it is in straight people.
You hide behind the law argument and not the moral argument why?  I think it's wrong of the baker to refuse the service but shouldn't be illegal.  Meanwhile the law you hide behind and cite endlessly without providing any other justification or deeper thought is a very recent man made invention.  You say Constitution...how many times is homosexuality referenced in the Constitution I wonder?  How many of the framers of the document would come down on the side of the baker and how many would come down on the side of the couple do you think?  If this groundswell of idiots that elected Trump was able to really go full blown stupid and get being gay outlawed would you then change your tune to "Oh well! It's the law and we respect the rule of law here!"?
What revisionist nonsense is this?! Stonewall was mostly a white gay male riot. What is wrong with these people?!
I'm a gay man and I am not reeling. I dont even know who this guy is, but there are plenty of heterosexual perverts, so to single him out because he is gay is lame
C'mon Bob.  I love the Bannon pick, and even I agree that your commenting is gay.
The transgendered and LBGTxxx have as much right to be in the military and be given the opportunity to kill people (foreigners mostly we hope) as the straight people.  Another soon be be deleted post  3,2,1...
All that may be true, Andrew, including "associated being gay with being a sexual predator."  Quite likely--because we're dealing with human beings here--some gays ARE sexual predators. No groups--and very few individuals--are left untainted.  What's missing here--because (1) it's subtle, attitudinal and often more private (2) It has been condoned by society and (3) makes men look weak and foolish, is sexual harassment and even assault perpetrated by women.   Many women--past, present and, possibly, in the future--will continue to offer sexual favours (to husbands, mainly) as a bargaining chip, "gimme what I want, then maybe I'll give you what you want..." often it's implicit in years-long relationships. The ultimate "gimme" would be the engagement/wedding ring trade off.  Without it...no sex at all.  This behaviour can be seen to be encouraged--or aided and abetted--by a society that traditionally gave women no other real power except what they took for themselves in bedrooms.
Ms. Zagano missed an obvious way "Handmaid's Tale" is, indeed, happening now: the practice of wealthy couples, gay and straight, renting women's wombs so they can have the children they believe they are entitled to.
In spite of rules new and old, many a gay (practicing)  male has made it into and through the seminary, and into the priesthood and the hierarchy.  How do they do it?  Ancient Wisdom says simply -- DON'T GET CAUGHT!  Still works, even with the latest word from the Vatican!
Islamophobia is consequence of hypocrisy of Muslim leaders and journalist like Sheema Khan. Islam is against abortion (or killing unborn babies in last month of pregnancy). Islam is pro-life. Islam stands towards gays, lesbians and gay marriage is completely opposite of what Liberals and communists of NDP stand for. Islam is very conservative while Islam leaders of Canada associate themselves with leftist and liberals. The latest know very well what Islam stands for but they need votes. This is why they want Muslims as "allies". Otherwise they fear the stand of Islam towards life, gay marriage etc and reject Islam. Of course conservatives will not support Muslims as they are on the other side of the fence therefore, Muslims they have no real friends in right or left. If Muslim leaders try to associate themselves with those who in most part agree with them (in abortion, traditional family values etc) they will have more real allies and solve Islamo-phobia issues. Until then good luck.
The President's opinion is important.  Look how quickly gay "marriage" gained support after Obama "evolved" or whatever mental lapse led him to support it.
What could be more clever than mocking the transgendered?   Are you 12 years old?  Pathetic.
If there is a God, then yes, that God is wicked for condemning those people.  However, since there is no evidence of this God's existence, it is you people trying to justify your wicked bigotry.  Am I getting across how detestable you bigots are?  You hate coloreds, you hate Muslims, you hate gays; and you want to punish and humiliate them simply for being.  If there was a real God, you would be a stench in His nostrils.
Why worry about homosexuality?    Like the early Christian Churches who expected Jesus to come back in their lifetime and therefore decided not to have children, homosexuals don't breed.  They just are.    If some people prefer to practice homosexuality or bestiality or any other non-procreative sex, they ultimately are not a problem for those who do.  If some of them are child rapists, as some are, we can treat them the same no matter the gender of their victims.  Other than that, who cares?
He was talking about how he was molested by a priest at 13.  But that is taken out of context by his enemies who would otherwise proclaim him a victim of the Catholic Church. When he mentioned 'boys' having sex, he was talking as gay men talk about gay men, as in "The Boys are hot tonight".
It's not the ban on sex outside marriage that is discriminatory, as it applies equally to everyone.    What's discriminatory is that that married straight students are allowed to have sex while married gay students are not.
Well, since those darn newspapers and courts ruined the fun for gay clergy, it's great that we have a priest doing something to bring more gay people into the church.
Really? No fasting to combat abortion, homosexual marriage, or clergy pedophiia; but v. a hamburger joint? God help us.
Re: Cuban autism rate.  Might that be like Putin's claim that there are no homosexuals in Russia?
Canadians are about to lose their Right to Free Speech as parliament gets set to vote for,  Liberal MP Iqra Khalid’s M-103 bill!  This bill will criminalize all criticism of islam and sharia law and force Canadians to accept sharia law limits on everything!  Criticize islam for killing homosexuals?                  Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for female genital mutilation?        Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for allowing men to beat women? Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for honor killings?                             Sorry that is now hate speech!  Want to maintain your Freedom of Speech Rights, then contact your local MP and tell them they are totally wrong forcing sharia law on Canadians!
modern science lets gays do that too.  Gays who are in pretend hetero marriages also do so all the time and have sex they prefer outside those unions.
John, it doesn't matter what you think. SCOTUS ruled the 2nd amendment is a protected inherent individual right. DC vs Heller and McDonald v. Chicago .   If the states can infringe on the 2nd amendment then the states can also infringe on gay marriage. How about the states start my passing laws that gay married couples cannot adopt children? Would that be a violation? Or that gays can only marry certain other gays, as determined by the state? Or that married gays cannot express affection in public?  Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
This would only apply if they said they were not going to do it for anyone with say a combover or an orange tinted spray tan. That is discrimination, like not baking a cake for any gay person.  What they did is said that they do not wish to dance for that ONE person that has openly stated he likes to grab women by the p***y. This is more akin to a bakery refusing service to a bad customer and not discrimination.  Keep on reaching though.
I'm not. Ive paid up for a 2 week holiday in Maui for me, my wife and 2 kids....and I dont plan to delay or cancel any other US trips either as I have friends in Bellingham, Seattle, DC and NYC. The USA is a lot more than just the presidency. Meanwhile the question is, is it ok for the US to ban Muslims temporarily because millions of them - while not Jihadists (although thousands are) - are Islamists and/or support Islamist goals of establishing Sharia Law everywhere...including throwing gays off building tops, establishing that a woman's testimony in court is worth only 1/2 a man's, codifying blasphemy as a criminal act....need I continue?
<"Our most amusing example is that for Teresa of Avila, "gay intercourse with friends" meant an encouraging and lively verbal exchange of spiritual ideas with like minded souls.">  Which actually demonstrates just how much language has been corrupted to promote political ideologies and influence people's perceptions. Wonder just how they would have viewed and referred to homosexual sex back in the time of Saint Teresa of Avila.
Boots says, "Also the sign wavers often tend to be all local or all white or something." Something? you mean like gay, rich, poor, retarded, bigot, or what exactly?  Your comments are sounding a bit bigoted in nature.
I doubt very much that you know "lots of gay people", given your abysmal ignorance on the subject of what it means to be LGBT.
Mr. Minnery is either evil incarnate, a narcissist or just plain bad to want to poke into people's bathrooms.  Who cares?  He is under a great misconception that transgender people, gay people, purple people or striped people who don't look or think like him are bad. I have never heard of a gay pedophile, but I have seen and heard of lots of so called Christian pastors or other people who molest children.  He should be ashamed of himself...
You're a Muslim?  Try criticizing your religion for hating gay people.  How about that?  Maybe instead of try to focus on criticizing the good Canadians that support your (like you totally did with this column), why don't you spend some energy focusing on how this march would NEVER be allowed in any Islamic country in the world.  I can assure you that no loves would matter then.  It's a disgrace that police were barred from this event.  The BMLTO group could learn a lot from Nelson Mandela.  He would have NEVER acted like them.
I'm not surprised. Is he even gay? I mean, we have to take his word for it. And does he have a Jewish grandmother, or is that fiction?  He is so full of hate for women, gays, Jews, Muslims, liberals, blacks, and others, that it didn't make sense that he claimed to be gay and part-Jewish. Now, pedophile makes sense.   The alt-Right often confuse pedophilia with homosexuality when they are, in fact, unrelated. Was Milo abused at 13? That would make sense. But then he should be in therapy and not lashing out.  Then again, that's the cycle of abuse. The abused becomes the abuser. Milo thinks he's being strong by spewing hatred of women, gays, Jews, Muslims, blacks and others. He's just compensating for his own lack of self-worth.
Deep into tinfoil hat territory there, and the anti-gay bigotry is pretty pronounced.
It is more socially acceptable to be gay than to be white or male. Ultimately being a white male gets me accused of being racist by the BLM Pride Committee (with the tacit agreement of Tory, Wynne Trudeau and Wong Tam)  despite being gay and non malicious.
Jim:  We're going to disagree on this one.  You're really saying that an individual's "transgendering" him/herself is as harmful to others as is adultery.  I've known families torn apart by adultery, causing extensive damage to spouses, children and the extended family.  I know of no such impact on the welfare of others from a person's transgendering.  I feel precisely the same way about homosexuality.  BTW: You state that adultery is "as natural as can be."  I'm not sure about that one.  We know that some animals other than humans are monogamous" The Canada goose (Branta canadensis) is a large wild goose species with a black head and ..... Canada geese find a mate. They are monogamous, and most couples stay together all of their lives. If one dies, the other may find a new mate."  So it may well be that monogamy is "natural"..as well as "cultural" in origin. Hey, if it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander............and, maybe, us as well.  Gary Crum
Unbelievable. I am shocked at how many people are completely ignorant of the actual law, yet offer an opinion. If you offer a service to the public, you cannot refuse this service to people that are in a protected class.  When you sign a business application, you agree to abide by state laws, rules and regulations. Colorado law says that sexual orientation is a protected class. Political thought is not a protected class.  You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. You do have to make a cake for a gay.
Yeah, all that bullying done as a direct result of the bullies studying and acting out about Catholic teaching on homosexuality.  \sarc  Few if any adolescents are committing suicide because the Church teaches that homosexual acts are sinful.  Most of the men I know who are homosexual are Jewish.  If there's a common reason for boys with same-sex attraction killing themselves, it's from the realization that they are out of sync with what is an inherent understanding, along with biological and anatomical fact, that boys are supposed to be sexually attracted to girls and vice versa; and witnessing such attraction all around them.
RD wants "faithful Christians" to act like jerks as ways of  showing their fear and loathing of gays.
You forgot to mention a few other differences. American Christians don't force women to undergo genital mutilation; they don't stone people to death; they don't behead 'infidels'; they don't hang gays from construction cranes;they don't engage in "honour" killings; leaving Christianity is not punishable by death.....
Wow... what a stupid response. The challenge was to find examples of Christians committing the same amount of attacks as Muslims, you mainly posted about white people.. not only is your comment far reaching but also slightly racist against white people. For example- you pointed to Sandy Hook. Was he white- yes. Christian? No... that is equivalent to me saying that a black man shooting someone is a Muslim attack. And shall we compare death tolls to your examples vs the daily attacks in the name of Islam? While I was writing this post, several people were probably murdered in the name of Islam for offenses such as apostasy or homosexuality. Do yourself a favor and start paying attention to the REAL concern of Islamic terrorism. Also, read the Quran a bit.. then study the history of Muhammed, a man who beheaded many, many people and also married a 6 year old girl. Then ask yourself why you are defending this religion.
You're own link supports lowlyrepub.  No where on that link does it state that 5th graders are taught about gay sex or gay oral sex.  You got to love when you try to prove someone wrong only to prove yourself wrong.  I can't imagine anyone is surprised by it based on your post history.
Don't worry about GOP, the Democrats are not doing any better. They are becoming the party for queers and "minorities".
Time to boycott all those who contribute to Jew hatred like yourself and the Islamists in our midst who donate to Middle East countries that engage in terrorism, female genital mutilation, honor killings of wives and daughters, gay apartheid, female segregation and rape, extrajudicial hangings, and every other human rights abuse.
The military is for protecting the Country, if you want to be a transgender, do it on your own dime.  We don't have time for people's mental illnesses in the military, unfortunately, the military is also a killing machine, MAGA!
Your response amounts to "homophobia". Certainly, I can see no other interpretation of "it makes it difficult to raise children who are morally straight"; which says that those who accept gay marriage are immoral. And how does gay marriage affect the family?  No, my question remains unanswered. And your insult at the end of your post makes you appear uncivil.
You cannot compare miscegenation with same-sex unions. Marriage between couples of different races, man and woman, cannot possibly be compared to the parody of marriage which takes place between people of the same sex. The civil law may have forbidden interracial marriages between a man and a woman, God, however, does not. To equate African-Americans with active homosexuals is disgraceful, it is actually worse than racial discrimination as it implies that they are in a similar spiritual state. I'm not an African-American, I am English but were I an orthodox, African-American, Catholic, I would be appalled that the liberal intelligentsia considered me to be even remotely similar to an active homosexual. African-Americans unfortunately may well suffer discrimination because of their race or colour but not because their being African-American was intrinsically immoral.
For the love of God, you're gonna blame Trump for this too!? I believe they are going to win this lawsuit but Trump has no history against gay people. If anything he's been pretty middle of the road if not supportive. This is well beyond pathetic.
The Trudeau cabinet members and staff appear to have no sense of ethical responsibility. Brison's response is cavalier and shows he is completely unaware that this is a serious allegation of impropriety. Having a gay husband doesn't give him a free pass.
so this writer is pro abortion, pro homosexuality and pro hillary clinton who consorts with openly satanic people? wow what a real catholic you are... disgusting.
If only these buffoons were as offended by Hilary's support for infanticide and homosexual marriage. But, then again, they do attend a Jesuit school.
Yes, but that kind of evades the whole question, doesn't it? Literally just a few years ago, the publicly stated and defended positions of both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were in opposition to gay marriage. So, did Patkotak consider them "insane"?
BZZZ Wrong. "EVERYBODY needs to pay their share, regardless of income!"   What are we paying for? And why do we all need to pay it at gun point? The reality is the federal government can do everything it was intended to do without collecting a dime in income taxes. But I guess you just love obama care, social security, public screwels, bogus research being performed to determine if fish have gay feelings, giving foreign countries zillions in foreign aide, etc etc etc? USA did not have an income tax prior to 1913.
"I’m going to be OK. And if you’re are a white heterosexual male with a decent job, you’ll probably be OK too." Do we need any more proof that 'Luke' is a bigot and who knows what else? Hit tirate is just that - garbage being spewed because his feelings are hurt, the career crook that he supported - that accepts money from countries that Murder GAYS, treats their dogs better than their women and thinks nothing of murdering Christians.... THIS is who HE thinks should be our President... His 'whole belief system lost' I'm crying for him....   NOT  AND Not getting my business any time soon...
You have shown your racist side before and now here comes your anti gay side. So you think 5 gay male nurses huh? Lmao. I would bet there was both women and men. You just upset because no one ever wants to look at your package.  You trump people all have small units and that's why y'all are so hateful. Just sayin you gomer pyle looking clown
Gays need to keep a low profile. There is no need to antagonize another possible killer.
ah yes, the inevitable mixing of pedophiles and homosexuals in an effort to say they're all the same.  It's every bit as insulting as claiming all heterosexual men are girl fondlers.  But hey, whatever it takes to do the Christian thing and smear others, right?
Part of living under Russian rule is that gays don't have rights. Perhaps you liberals would be happier living outside the USSR?
Oh, but she is a "monogomous" bisexual - Such the claim to fame.
Yet numerous Saudi Arabian billionaires and multi-millionaires fly under the radar as they are simultaneously the primary force behind the surreptitious export of their extreme fundamentalist Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam around the world. This is the form of Sunni Islam that motivates and drives the ISIS caliphate itself. From Saudi Arabia, it comes is in the form of literature, books, school teaching and study aids, video, audio tapes, etc. used in Muslim mosques and children's schools attached to mosques, which propagate pure anti-Jewish, anti-Gay and anti-Christian hatred.
Valdy has a division of transgendered soldiers.   3,2,1 ... deleted
What happens when a lesbian goes into a Muslim barbershop and demands a butch haircut?  Whose "freedom" wins out?
Wheeler and Bailey go to vastly different cafeterias.  Jules bailey worships at the same denomination as Falwell/Huckabee/Franklin Graham/Ted Cruz.  His church preaches female submission and that gays are sinful.  He titthes to this church and also does Bible study with them.Even if his conservative fundy evangelical church pretends to be cool- they are the same homophobes as you would find at Liberty University.    Wheeler goes to a more inclusive church, and his sky god is not as scary.  Wheeler and Bailey have some similar policies, but I find Bailey untrustworthy & wishy-washy.  Note that he won't defend the church but still gives it $.  What does Bailey believe and what will he stand up for?  Why does he listen to a Pastor who preaches that Jessica Bailey should submit to Jules Bailey?  I can understand voting for David Schor- but Bailey? Bailey? What a weakling.
So, in fact, you have sexual intercourse for self-gratification. Then why do you condemn others for doing what you do? That is hypocrisy. Your actual objection is the old "gay sex is icky" -- which is solely a matter of taste.
When we are going to talk about Islam making women second class citizens and throwing gays off buildings.
This is ridiculous, hiding Hilary behind her sex. I will attack anyone who has done what Trump did (which I didn't need to because he got chewed out earlier), and I will attack Hillary for what she has done. I don't care if they are a girl, Muslim, black, Christian, Mexican, gay, or anything in-between; I will never withhold criticism of actions. I was pointing out the hypocrisy of the statement Trump is bad role model so we should elect Hilary. I believe Hillary is worse, you can disagree and that's ok. But both are terrible role models, and her being a woman doesn't change that.
How many homosexuals have been killed due to their lifestyle compared to the millions of Jews killed in the Holocaust? Can you provide any numbers of hate crimes that resulted in deaths?  You are talking at most thousands compared to millions.
“don we now our gay apparel.” ? What is Kahle suggesting? Kahle is gay and his class mates knew he was? Or is Kahle sneaking in a homophobic slur and in the RG no less?
No government official can "mandate" marrying of homosexuals in the church. Civics 101.
Let me guess... 9/11 was an inside job? And the chemtrails are turning the frogs gay?  Seriously, you guys have been looking ridiculous for almost a year with this Russia stuff. Don't you ever get tired of losing?  Just sit down and hang tight til 2018. You'll get your fill then.
I hate to say this, but you're wrong. Transgendered people molesting girls in bathrooms is a nonissue because it doesn't happen, didn't happen and isn't happening. Notice all the proud patriot bigots on here don't have a single case to cite in support of their risible arguments. Sexual assault is already illegal and the bathroom law will not prevent one. What it will do is give scumbags justification to "demand" proof of gender for anyone who does not immediately conform to their ideals of how people should look. It will make vulnerable, marginalized individuals ashamed and afraid to exercise basic bodily functions. It will give Minnery a great opportunity to demonstrate his primary contribution to our community, which is to siphon dollars from gullible conservatives. This has zero to do with protecting anyone and everything to do with hating people who are different.
Your post demonstrates that youmdo not k ow what discrimination is. I will do this again.  Making cakes, custom or otherwise for heterosexual weddings and refusing to make the same cakes for gay weddings is discrimination. If you offer a service to the public, you have to offer it to all protected classes, period.  You can not say it is not discrimination because it is his religious beleif.  It is still discrimination because if his religious beleif. It would be discrimination if he beleived in killing every puppy in the world. It does not matter what he believes, it is discrimination.  That is not up for debate, not in the court case or in the world, except with you.
Skeexix, Kinda like the TRANS people who mutilate their bodies..............
The Ancient Greeks developed a homosexual pederasty culture.  Were there more homosexuals back then; of course not.  It was learned behavior.  I chose to be heterosexual in my early teens.  I had a crush on a pop idol; I realized that it wasn't a crush in as much as it was envy: I wanted to BE him not engage in sodomy with him (I didn't even know that male-male sodomy really existed until I was in college).
Did you?  Elagabalus clearly alludes to Fr. Martin's critique of this "bishop's" teaching.  The good "shepherd" only explicitly denies gays who have lived within a SSM from funeral rites.  Shame!
Turing was persecuted because he was gay, even after his heroism in the war.  That is the type of society we had in the west when the Church had more "leadership."  The same ethic is trying to block women priest, but it is dying out.
When it comes to sex and sex ed, the progressives also want to tell you who you can have sex with though; isn't that what the Rainbow flag is all about? The want to teach the kids about gay sex in school, how sexual diversity should be celebrated, etc. If "conservatives" meant the same thing as "Christian Right" you would have a point, but then you also have libertarians flying under the conservative banner who don't want that. Maybe they're part of the alt-right or something.... another label which represents views more diverse than the media will usually portray.
There is no Pride anymore, only Shame. She is a hate filled racist and homophobe. She hates the gay white men who created Pride in the first place and is determine to steal it for her own political ends. If the thousands of gay men of Toronto stop supporting Pride she will hate them even more. All she will do is destroy Pride  which she will blame on anybody but herself and BLM.
Yep! Criticize a black, gay, Jew , male, female, immigrant, certain illegal immigrant and you are racist, sexist, homaphobic, anti Semitic, xenophobic. I apologize if I missed someone.
Slavery is a far outcry, nay, a far more serious tragedy in this country than merely not baking cakes for someone entering in a gay marriage. That was a preposterous statement/claim to even compare the to. White racist savage landlords ruthlessly challenging the lives of people's having come from or descended from persons from the Africa Continent is barbaric. Refusing to make cakes, is not.
Nothing is stopping the florist from exercising her freedom of speech by putting a hugh sign in her window "WE DON'T SERVE GAY WEDDINGS" - why doesn't she?
Let's see, there were Muslim Conservative candidates in the last election, one of the top cabinet ministers from the Harper government is gay, and Harper increased immigration throughout his term as Prime Minister, in addition to a generous refugee program - you are embarrassing yourself and only highlight the shameless ignorance of the token anti-Conservative blowhard. When you wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats shouting "Harper!" - it's called HDS and you should seek professional help.
Ridiculous, indeed. Although Rome does seem to have a soft spot for cocaine-fueled homosexual orgies under the very nose of the pope.
Ask virtually any gay person and they will whine about a lack of respect.
Why not misconstrue arguments?  Support for gay marriage= anarchy. False equivalency. But I see you have the fundie playbook for opposing civil rights for gays. You are exposing yourself more & more as a bigot.  Shouldn't you be spending more time submitting to your husband?
Most comments seem to support a sexual lifestyle that is a mortally grave sin. No matter what Cardinal, priest or bishop that supports this lifestyle will not change the fact that active homosexual sexual activity is a mortal sin!  That will never change in Heaven. God will indeed pass judgment on those who lead his children away.
You can't be serious?  What exactly would be your definition of persecution?  Last I read homosexuals make up about 4% of the population.  Many horrible things have occurred to homosexuals, which is tragic,  but to compare that to the millions killed by the Nazi's is ridiculous and quite frankly offensive.
Tell that to the Islamists who pray five times a day.  Tell that to the sex fiends who are teaching Grade 3 students homosexuality and gender identity  What kind of men and boys will these students be to women when they have no "SELF CONTROL".
Don't say you choose you live as gay, you'll be called a homophobe!
Everyone construes a God in their own image.  It is a truism of theology.  Last I checked, St. Augustine was Catholic.  Anselm is too, but he is not the entire Church.  There are quite a few of us who do not believe God is an ogre.  More and more all the time and to keep those we have, a new understanding that does not compel obedience at the point of damnation is necessary.  That is not faith, it is making God a codependent.  These ideas did not originate with me although I am giving voice to what a lot of people are thinking.  So did Erasmus.  Last I checked, he was Catholic too and unlike me, very gay.
Spreading a hodgepodge of racism, anti-Semitism, misogyny and xenophobia?  Who wrote this article?  He/she/it left out homophobia, transphobia, and white privilege.  How can you promote the progressive agenda and not have a complete list of accusations?
Gay men are only sexually compatible with other men. Gay women are only sexually compatible with other women. This is a scientific fact of their biology. Gay men only have sexual complementarity with other men, etc. THIS IS A FACT! If you are going to base relationships on biological appendages, then you cannot deny consenting adults of 'committed, consenting, life long incestuous relationships' as long as the plumbing is to your personal bias. I am not advocating for this and am strictly against this, but by YOUR logic, this must also be included.
When Obama invites Muslims to America, he's inviting homophobia, assault guns and domestic violence.
What ever happened to "sexual preference?"  The homosexual activists canned the term because it expressed the truth; "born with immutable sexual attraction" is an easier fight, especially when it's impossible to prove a negative.  I'd probably stick with a logical argument about anatomy and physiology (as none of my gay friends are religious) and how they are missing out on the greatest blessing that we have as humans: a complementary sex with whom we can create offspring.  Such an easy trade-off for perverted use of the sex organs.
Hm gay priest. Imagine that? How about coaches? Sandowski, gay pedophile and so on.
RD is another who reads "You shall love your neighbor as yourself, unless the neighbor is gay. That neighbor you shall loathe, fear and reject."  He is also of the "gay sex is icky" brigade.
Hill-larious was Slick Willies Madam!  I guess she had a hand in procuring some the  women for the sad sick slickster. I believe she is gay.
Mr. Gay, it amazes all of us liberal nuts that you could be 100% behind impeaching President Clinton for lying about having a private, consensual relationship with an adult, but are blind to all of the evidence that points to Trump actively obstructing  justice, colluding with our enemies to influence a U.S. presidential election in his favor, and on and on.    You can't fix stupid. That means it'll be up the liberal nut jobs to once again clean up after the GOP bed wetters.
Not even close. You do not have to make a cake for a democrat, but you do have to make a cake for a gay.
Where can I read about that? I have not seen anything about that. Why does it matter? If you are a social justice warrior, you can go to a Muslim bakery and ask for a gay wedding cake.  Sexual orientation is a protected class in Colorado. There are other states that may fit your political views better.
Liberals daily and for years have shown their superiority over others.  You believe blacks are too stupid to achieve a college degree unless you help them with affirmative action.  And do try to follow the news.  I doubt it got by you that some parents won't let the gender be put on the birth certificate because they haven't decided on the gender.  Being a former Jewish agnostic, it doesn't bother you that Christianity is under assault.  And even though neither you nor I feel under assault, you can't deny that we are accused for all the world's ills.  Gays should be treated like everyone else because it's right.  Gays can purchase any pre made cake they want at Masterpiece Bakery because it's right.
Name one Islamic country where gays can live as freely as they do in Western countries... including the ones with large "evangelical" populations and I'll call you a liar.
Nothing but fears and jeers, Gay.  Keep whining.
Kumbya is greek, use a Kappa. Cumbya is a term used at those Vatican gay orgies. Regardless, I am not arguing for a kumbya moment. Quite a few priests need to be be outed, not as gay, but as asexuals, and counseled on what their sexuality entails and how it has preverted Catholic sexual teaching. They need to feel as uncomforatable with that as they have made the rest of us feel for normal heterosexuality.
Almost as mendacious as literature from abortionists: an editorial talking about the irrelevance of procreation to sexuality that is captioned by a picture of a mother with a baby, not two homosexuals engaged in sodomy.
Anglican priests left because they hated the gay bishop they had and didn't care about women being treated with justice in church either.
There were plenty of clergy-pedophiles before Vatican II. Lame excuse, as lame as the sour grapes by the Bishop of Madison. Trumps bathroom tantrums had nothing to do with his election, although it might have helped Democrats in North Carolina. Transexualism, Pederasty and Homosexuality are separate issues with separate causes and conditions, although the conservatives in the Church generally get all three wrong because they are vincibly ignorant, meaing they won't consider inconvenient fact or science. The solution is still the families of these groups demanding change from the clergy.
You and pretty much every person that is in favor of the baker discrimination do not get it. Political thought is not protected. In Colorado sexual orientation is protected.   Bottom line? You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. You have to make a cake for a gay person.
This sounds like a capitulation to the anti-police bigots. Accomplishes nothing other than to satisfy black bigotry.  Police need to quit appeasing the overt hatred of their ranks, and start showing some backbone. Next time blacks engage in a shoot-up in one of their communities or gays complain that they are being punched out at some event,  go for coffee. Better yet, phone in sick.
"Same beliefs?" I'll take you seriously the day Christians make their own sharia police force, suicide bomb markets of children, throw homosexuals off the tops on buildings, and sentence women to die for wanting to learn to drive and read. Where do you get your info on religion in society, 'The View'?
What in the world is the author of this article doing quoting St. Catherine of Siena?  Of all the saints in Church's long history, St. Catherine most strongly denounced homosexuality.  I mean, her comments are so severe, I dare not repeat them here.  But don't take my word for it, just do a simple internet search.
Plus, like the Church today, the APA was incredibly over focused on gay men which made the APA appear to discriminate when it came to homosexuality.    The APA finally bent to three facts.  The first and foremost being their treatment paradigms didn't have any effect on the mental illness they were stating they could cure.  The treatments had no credibility.  Second, many of their own came out of the closet and lo and behold they weren't neurotic. Third was the political pressure, but that was given more credence because of numbers one and two.
Agree with Rowman.  The baker is ok refusing to make a cake with gay men on the cake, or with swastikas on it, or breasts on it.  It is not ok to refuse to make a cake for a black person, a gay person, an asian, an American Indian ... get it Richard Stacy ?   Tough concept.  I say let him refuse whatever classes of people he wants, and post it in the store prominently ... then ALL reasonable people can avoid him and find a baker that is not a bigot.
The APA will produce a new vote at their next convention defining this new mental disease or defect, of course!  That's how their DSM-5 and its predecessors were put together.  It took two separate conventions to get homosexuality out of those DSM's though.    Maybe it will take a second convention to add this disease or defect.    I like the acronym, though:   Trump Hypertensive Unexplained Disorder  (THUD)!  As for his threats?  "I am Achmed, the Dead Terrorist!  I kii you!" sort of covers it.    https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=achmed+the+dead+terrorist&view=detail&mid=F35091F9AAE3D65E87C8F35091F9AAE3D65E87C8&FORM=VIRE
Gary:  Are you a Homosexual??????
Being gay is no defence if a woman is motivated to make an accusation of sexual misconduct.    In the gay world  that's how we say "Hello, nice day".
That's james martin's own (now quite old) article!  He's part of the mafia/lobby.  He's not objective.  Of course it's a rational act to look at the numbers from John Jay and draw a conclusion that a male priest seeking another post-pubescent male is a "same sex" act, abuse or otherwise.  A 35 year old male seeking sex with a 17 year old male is more similar to gay sex between a 35 year old male seeking sex with an 18 year old male, than any act between an adult and a 2 year old!.    We must return to rationality, and avoid the "advocate" thinking, such as what james martin pushes.
Why wouldn't they talk about gay sex? Are you 72 without a clue what is being taught in public school? Gay and straight get just about equal time, with gay protections getting more time. Do you really think that in todays climate you could have one without the other?
Well that's pretty obvious. Misogyny! Homophobia! Racism! Yes, Ontarians are just a bunch of big meanies...
We'd all be speaking German and they'd be no Jews (or Gypsies, or gays, etc.) left.  But perhaps you'd like that better.
Some belief systems claim killing a child before first breath is nothing.  Is it a coincidence that those same belief systems claim the moral goodness of promiscuity, homosexuality, and transgendering?  Stop letting these fools hide behind claims of no religious beliefs.  Vote no on retention, for their support of Planned Parenthood belief systems and removal of parental rights.
You forgot to mention that Obama is a gay, Muslim who is married to a man and was born in Kenya where the Chinese hoax of global warming was created by members of the Bilderberg Group. Whew.... Oh! And WTC #5 was a controlled explosion! And, Grassy Knoll!!!!
Yea, we really need this law because I'm sure gay people throughout Alaska are clamoring to be married by hate-filled homophobic religious extremists...not!
Still so many gay men in the priesthood.   A fact that makes us all uncomfortable.
Is this the group that saw fit to discuss same-sex and gay oral sex in my daughters 5th grade class??  Good riddance
Their is so much additional garbage tagged on everybill that the Its dishonest to just say LGBT was voted down how about telling us what other bull was shoveled into the bill
Can we assume you are wholeheartedly for lesbian relationships since "sodomy" is non-existent in their lovemaking?  Also, are you even aware many gay men are not interested in "sodomy"?  Drawing conclusions are what is or is not morally acceptable sexual behaviour based on "plumbing" materials is nuts.
Totally agree.  He is pathetic.  He won't release his tax returns as they OBVIOUSLY contain information which will not show him in good stead, he has denigrated a war hero because he was captured, he stiffed his contractors, he desperately wants to get in bed with Putin, hasn't paid taxes in 10 years, he is a pussy grabbing misogynist, does not like blacks, latinos, muslims, people with disabilities, LGTBI and other minorities, stacked his cabinet with zealots, cronies, billionaires and people who have never had any experience running government, mercilessly criticizes and even threaten anyone who disagrees with him, he is a climate change denier, he did not win the popular vote, he lies with impunity, eg, denied Obama was a US citizen. But, he is now the president, so we will dutifully allow him to strip medical insurance from millions, build that wall, reinstate stop and frisk, reduce taxes for the elite, build infrastructure, just to name a few, but where's the money coming from.
Ah I see gay priest??
Martin is a homosexual and wants to be able to let everyone know.  Like all the homosexuals feel compelled to do for some reason.
This baker is a bigot who hides behind extreme religion. If he wants to pick and choose who he sells cakes to, then move it to church property somewhere and only sell to people who also subscribe to your particular brand of extremism.   If we allow him to turn away gay people, then you have to allow ALL businesses to discriminate against whomever they want to. Would that be fair to me if when I book a hotel form my family vacation and arrive, they realize we're a gay couple with children and tell us to hit the road?
What about all those Catholics who do not believe that women should be allowed to become priests, oppose gay marriage and a woman's right to choose when it comes to abortion? All of those beliefs are not in keeping with Canadian values. I bet the author of this simplistic article would never dare to oppose immigration to Canada by Catholics. His is a cowardly, racist argument.
"But in more than 70 countries, homosexuality remains a crime."  Any chance you could list them John?  You can't because that would run afoul with M103 wouldn't it.
600 years since a Pope has resigned, and Benedict - who is no fan of change in the Church - resigns, with mental capacity intact, and we're supposed to believe it's just another day in the Vatican?  And then both he and the new Pope talk about a "gay mafia," and we're supposed to ignore that?  You don't need to be a conspiracy theorist to connect the dots.
Gay people are a minority in our society and, therefore wield little power. They are susceptible to the whims of the majority.
Let me guess, 9/11 was an inside job, sandy hook never happened, and obama is a homosexual?
How insane have we become that there is a need to address this issue ?   The second you are born the doc says right then and there you are a boy or girl.  He doesn't say the sex isn't known until the person reaches 16 to decide what they are. The doc doesn't wait for gay supporters to convert people into something they aren't . If your born a boy , use the boy's bathroom . Born a girl , use the girls.  Nothing in life can be more simple . A person shouldn't decide how they feel each week  to decide what bathroom they should use.   It's stunning that those who support the pick what ever bathroom fits your fancy can claim with certainty that an open door policy wouldn't be abused by people with sexual perversion . Anyone who can't stand the sex they were born with has issues from the get go. Unstable people shouldn't have ANY choice in which bathroom to use.  That we have to talk about this issue shows how far down society has slid.  Shame on us for encouraging twisted behavior.
Heck, she probably voted for Trump for that very reason. Trump doesn't care one way or another about gay issues, but he knows the religious conservatives who voted for him want something in return. Trump will throw gay people under the bus at the earliest opportunity -- for example, if Kennedy or Ginsburg dies.
None of the above.  Just that gay people are sinners.  Move into the modern world, dude, where people accept just those parts of their bible that suit their purposes.
The Catholic Church knows first hand what happens when you allow homosexual males to have close contact with young boys.
With a third to half of all priests gay, their banning shrinks priesthood even more.  No married, no gays, no women.  Sick.
"Trump’s opponents can emasculate him by bringing him down to size, and picturing him as gay, tiny, feminine and childlike."  So according to her analysis, those who use this technique (and we have our share of those on CC) are in fact encouraging homophobia.    I'm not sure I see the homophobic connection, just the intent to denigrate through any means available by the true Trump-haters.
Who does not want to instill those kind of values? There is nothing wrong with those values.  That does not change that homosexual behavior is sinful.
Good God, people like you are total idiots.  Obama  cared more about making  the military a branch of LGBT activism than what was best for the safety of the country.  The result--certain people go into the Navy for gender reasons, we have a navy that can't steer ships, and people like Chelsea Manning giving away mountains of classified material because they don't know what team they're on--then Obama commutes their sentence as  a reward for changing teams--that's insanity.
Republicans are such predictable hypocrites. You can safely bet that whatever they are obsessed with and accusing the other side of doing is what they are actually doing. ( …private emails? check.) Take Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA), for example. Rep. Murphy is a fine, upstanding Republican with a wife and a mistress. Good red-blooded guy, who is now implicated in his girlfriend's divorce. In texts produced in connection with court proceedings, a possible pregnancy, became something to 'manage' when Murphy and his lady friend Shannon Edwards thought she might be pregnant. "And you have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week" Shannon Edwards wrote. Murphy answered her, writing, "I get what you say about my March for life messages. I've never written them. Staff does them. I read them and winced. I told staff don't write any more. I will." How long can it be before we find out McConnell is transgender?
I agree Mike.....and I encourage everyone to go to the SPLC  website and explore it thoroughly....there is extensive info on sites that deal with alt white, with white supremacist, with neo Nazi, with Klan et al...all the hate groups in the nation ...think it's well over 800 of them..and the Hate Map identifies the locations...and types of sites...there are sites of extreme religious right .......Catholic sites as well and literally loads of info...  Of particular interest are the sites that deal with gays....as there has been much conservative religious hostility directed to them....and lists of Hate Groups ...with Catholic leadership or involvement...  Also ...please contact Civil Comments and ask that they immediately implement a blocking function as this thread has been taken over by trolls and the data is too important to be treated with literally hundreds of distractive troll comments.
I was born Catholic, left for 8 years in my 20's and came back begrudgingly although Mary would have it no other way.  Explored almost all the main stream protestant faiths and had to humbly embrace the Church as it was most in tune to the Bible.  That was 21 years ago.  I teach Catechism, I prepare those preparing for Confirmation and am very active in a Catholic school for 20 years.  SO I am very Catholic, and Pope Ratzinger is my guy.  Francis has great teachings on helping the poor and servitude, but he has lost it.  He has become a Puppet for the globalist and the global warming folks.  "WHom am I to judge a gay priest.",  Divorced Catholics who remarry can recieve Holy Communion, and all the global warming nonsense is getting ridiculous.  His latest statement saying their are no Muslim Terrorist was just the nail in the coffin for this Politician.  Did not work the last time our Popes decided to be political.  Praying for a new Pope every day
There is a difference between homosexual behavior and enslaving your fellow human beings.
I'm not sure what your point is. That he doesn't want to subject her to seeing a male penis? If that's the point you're trying to make, him taking her into the men's room and a transgendered person using the women's restroom are two totally different scenarios. A male who identifies as female isn't going to have his penis on display in the female bathroom, because the stalls are all behind closed doors, so only a pervert who's peeking under or over stalls is going to know that the female in the next stall was actually born a male. If it's not, an unintended consequence of the ordinance would be that it would be difficult for him to take her out alone because it will prohibit her from entering the men's room because she doesn't identify as male.
we dont need transphobic left wing fanatics here. thanks.
So if they refuse to dance for a black official or a gay official, you are just as approving?
Well, I might not. But this lesbian wanting a butch haircut probably has the balls to do it.
So substitute "gay" with "colored"
The globe writers are complete joke,  even in an article about kevin spaceys sexual misdeeds,  the globe hacks put in the mandatory trump bash.   Hey doyle,  you should be supporting this guy,  a gay pedophile fits in with the rest of you leftists.
My favorite Bible story is when Jesus broke the five loaves and two fish and told the disciples to feed everybody except for of course the gay people.
I don't get parts of this "Pride Week". As a heterosexual male I don't get a parade and I surely don't get a week where people celebrate based solely upon my sexuality. No one outside of my family celebrates the fact that I have been with the same woman since we were both teenagers (12-13) and now we are both in our 50's!   Why is being gay all of a sudden so special that they get an entire week of festivities? I get Fathers day and my wife gets Mothers day! Why isn't the fact that we are a family celebrated for a week? I just don't understand why we need a gay pride week instead of Lesbian/Bi-sexual/Gay/Transgender/Queer day.   Why do we celebrate people based solely on their sexuality?
If Israel had been built on secularism it would have ceased to exist a long time ago and certainly as a Jewish state, becoming just another Arab state and we know the disgusting dictatorships that they all are without exception, honour killings, gay torture, and female genital mutilation. Nice.
so funny...yea, I'm a male nurse, took all the jokes about if I were gay, was the last time those individuals joked me about anything. I tell ya, I know a few RN's who are ex SEALS who would love to hear you joke them if they are gay.  People need to grow up.  Nurse are both male and female and both have some gays just like in any other profession.  But hey...just keep right on joking us male nurse...till you meet one of us who will very kindly show you the path to....
Richard, your silly story word salad of male bathroom users in this nation now all of a sudden invading female bathrooms dressed as females is ridiculous. Transgender people have been around since the dawn of man. In many old cultures they are revered and share the family duties when I comes to child care, housekeeping and cooking. So transgender people have decided that they, according to the God Squad, are a new breed of humans who just recently are invading the restrooms of America seeking sexual pleasure. Who gets attacked more for sex, women by men or women getting attacked by men dressed as women? . A recent study in America that I read this week states that women are more at high risk of getting sexually assaulted, physically assaulted or murdered by their male spouses or boyfriends.  The article came with a photo of a dead woman lying under a white sheet in a parking having been recently shot and killed by her husband. No doubt similar to the ones we see daily.
Dialogue is great.   But the Church's teachings and the Catholic Catechism are clear:  Homosexual behavior is sinful. When the LGBTQ Catholics accept that teaching, then true dialogue is possible. The same goes for the fornicators, adulterers, abortionists, thieves, murderers, child molesters, etc.
Sodomy runs the very high risk of perferating the sphincter and thus allowing the transmission of bodily fluids to the blood stream. It is a highly contageous way to spread disease and it is no wonder homosexuals suffer the most from AIDS and other contageous diseases.
Step one: Demoralization Step two: Destabilization Step three: Crisis (Civil War/Invasion)  Destabilization = Don't trust the cops (authority). Blacks think conservative Whites are all racists. Feminist think all men are oppressors and predators. Gay/Transvestites want to break what is considered a model family unit. Stifle speech by calling it hate speech. Re-write history, etc.  So if you are part of the BLM or ANTIFA, of Femi-nazi's, or any of the other groups, you are just a tool being used to tear this country down so it can be restructured in a more controlled manner (Communism).     If you think that's what you want, understand the final step: Normalization = Kill all the tools that think they will control any part of the country or cause any type of protest. So the new government will not tolerate BLM, ANTIFA, Feminist, or Gays.
Sharia law, FGM, child brides, murdering gays and apostates, etc. have no place in my Canada.
for trudeau to me marching in every parade , he's gotta be gay himself. His marriage is a coverup
The issue is why people feel the need to be able to detect gay people.  Over the years, many have claimed to have come up with ways to do this.  Why?  So people can discriminate against them?
Oh, “BIGOTRY!” Homosexual acts are sinful, and, according to Sacred Scripture, one of the four sins “crying to heaven for vengeance.”  A gay marriage is (un)naturally going to involve said acts.  Are you capable of comprehending this?  The baker doesn’t want to participate in a wedding that promotes this sin.  Now, a bigot is “a person who is obstinately or intolerantly devoted to his or her own opinions and prejudices; [you certainly fit that description to a tee] especially :one who regards or treats the members of a group (such as a racial or ethnic group) with hatred and intolerance.” The question boils down to obstinacy and intolerance.  Well, when bases his opinion or belief of something as crystal clear as”homosexual behavior is sinful”, is it obstinacy or principled dissent?  And why do you think we should be tolerant of sin?  That certainly isn’t Christ-like, being as that Christ admonished everyone to “sin no more.”  You are the obstinate bigot here, clearly.
McKays'  law is essentially sexist ...when 2  people engage in a sex act for money  the person with a penis  is a criminal , the person without a penis is a victim . One can only guess what  McKays' thinking s on gay prostitution ...both persons  have a penis  ...how to sort out who is the criminal  , who the victim  ?    The idea  that  our federal government believes  it is their place to control the sex life of citizens is a another sad joke  demonstrating how  deeply our governments  are stuck in the paternalist past  .
John, basically your claim is that Catholics are homophobic, that orthodox Jews are homophobic, and that Muslims are homophobic.  That seems to support a couple of conclusions: you're intolerant, you're a heterophobe.
The only ones who should pay for Transgender Re Assignment Surgery  are the ones who Think they need it.  Insurance companies should NOT  pay a penny for this Mutilated Sexual surgery...................................  All you are doing is putting Lotsa money in the Surgeons Pockets.  Get Mental Help  and solve the problem...........
then go to another law school that allows gay marital sex problem solved Trudeau calls it Diversity
How long have you been Gay?
About half the clergy is homosexual, some chaste some not. The other half is asexual. Believing that God denies sexuality to people born homosexual casts God as an Ogre. Why do you think God is an Ogre? Why must we believe unconcious asexuals like Plato, Augustine, Marcus Aurellius, St. Paul and Aquinas when they try to assume their own sexuality is universal? The Sensus Fidelium says we don’t. Humanae Vitae was the straw that broke the camel’s back. Until the Church faces its origins problem in sexual teaching and lets the asexual clergy be out and proud, the rest of us will simply ignore it in our sexuality. And, no, Jesus was not asexual. He was a working Rabbi with a wife. He had a house in Capernaum when he called his disciples. It likely doubled as a Synagogue.
The difference SHOULD be that the government is not allowed to discriminate against anyone but a private business owner should be free to run their business according to their beliefs.  Now if this means their belief is something stupid like "I shouldn't sever gays" then the community should recognize this and not only gay people but others who support them (which should be everyone) and free to take their business elsewhere and the bigoted business is free to fail.    That's how it SHOULD happen.
MEN OF CALGARY: GO GAY! It may be the only thing that will save you life. But in today's heated feminist empire, being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety.
The original rainbow flag is a reference to "Over the Rainbow" the song in the Wizard of Oz. It is a reference to being in a better place. Phillie's racialized flag in just a pile of dirt on that dream because it is done in malice against the white gay people who created it in the first place.
I said human flourishing and enjoyment, I have a vasectomy and still have sex 4-5 times a wee (with my wife)...Read my post below. I can state and believe something is wrong, but still defend someones right to live as they please, which is my position. I have a homosexual uncle who I will tell him it is wrong, but he can make his own choices and live his life the way he wants to, but one day he will be accountable for the choices he makes.
"Religious extremism," are you serious?!  Judaism, Islam, and many Christian denominations,including but not limited to Roman Catholicism and the Orthodox Churches, reject homosexuality.
Your logic is tortured and is based on revelation, not reason - and not even revelation.  The authors of Leviticus were practicing cultural separatism, not natural law morality.  It was nation building while in exile in Babylon.  I am leading no one to destruction.  The Church is.  How can your heart not bleed for teens who kill themselves, not because they are gay, but because they believe what you say about themselves.  That is on you. Don't blame God for your bigotry.
I would like to know why the religion of "peace" promotes child predators? Muhammad even had interests in girls as young as 5 yet people worship him as a God. They even promote the killings of gay and lesbian people. Where in America do you see people doing this? Nowhere, Christians may not agree with homosexuality but at least they aren't cutting off heads.
I disagree, in the world today, Islam ESPECIALLY has it in for homosexuality,  so there's no doubt that his religion did play a role. Had he been non-religious, or of another religion it's very possible this attack would never have occurred.
GC:  "I do know of instances where the condemnation of family has destroyed the lives of young homosexual men and women".  Yes Gary, there are MANY, and there should be MILLIONS of  young and old homosexual men and women that realize  that their Sexual Lifestyle is WRONG.  REMEMBER, I Believe in the Bible and God and Jesus.  I know you do NOT as you have stated this numerous times prior.     I personally  do NOT and WILL not have any association with a Homosexual or Lesbian because of  scripture in the Bible.   I think  that's a Huge part of being  a DECENT person governing your day to day behavior as per the Bible.      Thanks for clarifying your sexual status and I am happy for YOU and your WIFE, and Good Luck with your Homosexual Friends.
Imago Dei & Pastor McKinley believe that gay sex is sinful and that gays do not deserve the protections that come with legal marriage.  That is treating them as second class citizens.  My friend Jason's love for his husband means nothing to Pastor McKinley, yet Jason's love for his husband is very much part of who Jason is.  Please source Pastor McKinley saying something in support of equality between a gay couple and a hetero married couple.  It has to be specific to homosexuality- I am not gonna accept some punt from the New Testament about loving everyone. I want McKinley saying that gays are equal.
Can't Washington find better friends then the gay head choppers?
Mike objects to gay sex because it's "icky". He thinks this justifies his fear and loathing of gays. He reads the gospel as saying, "You shall love your neighbor as yourself, unless the neighbor is gay. That neighbor you shall loathe."
FAKE news.  There's no such thing as a transgendered person who can live a good life and serve productively.  These are not real people!    /s
One side was Nazi flag-waving, Swastika-carrying, xenophobic thugs intimidating a college campus and city with unabashed hatred toward jews, gays, and anyone who is not white, male, straight, Christian and gun-toting.  The other side was objecting to this vile intrusion. If that's alt-Left, sign me the f*** up.
I am sure they are going to come out in droves.  You can't be gay and be conservative.  You can't be gay and be weary of so-called multiculturalism.  You can't be gay and have any opinion that doesn't parrot what some liberal mouthpiece is blabbering.  It is time for gays (and women) to say, Islam is a religion that hates us.
Martin has same-sex attraction and embraces homosexual sodomy as an acceptable form of conduct, there's hardly a question about that.    My question to you is what will priests admitting their same-sex attraction do to stop homosexual predators?  Are you suggesting that the recently raided male-male orgy in the Vatican is a better alternative to predators, because I don't think that the orgies would stop the predators, as the predators have a preference for pubescent boys.
The Inquisition is not the only alternative to tossing gay men off buildings.   There are a lot of other options.
Believe me, the gay community is not recruiting.  We have enough problems with our own voting liberal every chance they get.  If you aren't gay, don't worry, there is little hope to make you gay.  (But if you are a liberal, please become a conservative!)
The Klan thinks Donald Trump is a racist?  Who cares what the Klan thinks, other than bigoted Trump haters?    Hillary Clinton won't use the term "radical Islam" because it "sounds like we are declaring war against a religion."  Hillary Clinton could permanently resettle close to one million Muslim migrants during the first term of her presidency alone, according to the latest available data from the Department of Homeland Security.  With no screening.   Islam teaches that a woman is worth less than a man and that homosexuals deserve the death penalty.  Apparently, that isn't a problem for Jeff and Hillary.  The Klan is Junior Varsity.  ISIL is a major league enemy.
Clearly this is being managed by the well-healed homosexual activists.  Even when the protection is extended to molesters in the Boy Scouts, you'd think people here would figure out that this is all about protecting homosexual molesters.  Probably more than half the priesthood is homosexual, and they can't wait for this issue that paints them in a bad light to go away.
Worse Commissioner in CFL history. CBC, leftist politics of homosexual sodomy and buggery have no place in Canadian football. The average fan is not interested in this. Good riddance. Yankee go home!
When I grew up, there was essentially no such thing as a homosexual because they were all in the closet.  If there was bullying, it was of the effeminate boys.  Church teaching?  Ha!  I was a regular church goer and never knew the Church's position on homosexual acts until I had graduated from college, and that I learned from the media, not the Church.
In today's overly politically correct environment, it wouldn't be too far fetched to assume that if one criticizes Spacey now, that the critic could be dismissed as anti-gay.
What the heck is a "pure Republican?"  Corrupt Bastards Club?  Take taxpayers money and overseas bank your own?  Bash homosexuals when you have given birth to a homosexual (Phyllis Schalfly and Dick Cheney), take the nation into two wars (Iraq and Afghanistan) and rack up $7 trillion?  Support deregulation and bankrupt the nation?  You mean that kind of "pure Republicanism?  Tell the truth without red ears.
Hussein  Bagdaddy Obama  is trying to hide from us the infidels, the fact that his so called " religion of peace" is actually a religion of evil ? Try as he might, Obama can not change the fact that the gay Orlando jihadi was a Islamist Democrat, & not a Christian NRA member.
Who really cares?  Now, lets talk turkey?!  The NY terrorist said that he hated gays.  Where is that story?  The progressive agenda is why the Terrorist hate us.  You are to blame!  And you have the unmitigated gall to tell us about some silly Trump business deal?
"The president is commander in chief of every branch of the U.S. military."  Since President Trump is also grabber-in-chief, is he going to issue a ruling on whether or not transgender people can grab?
The GOP has learned to play the race card, the abortion card, and anti-gay card.  This pro-nuke, anti-poor, pro guns, anti-health care Agenda  - not the Beatitudes - has the full blessing of the American Catholic Bishops. The tragedy is not the GOP, it is the American bishops - sold their souls to racists.
Religious people are supposed to be snide, base their presumptions off of feeling and not fact, and try to cram their beliefs down everyone's throat.  Oh god, I just described the Transgendered movement
I have long suspected this.. still do.   he protests way too much about anything related to gay sex.
Milo is an openly gay man purports to be a Catholic and does part of his hate routine in drag.  The Cardinal Newman Foundation should have itself in vapors if such a character comes to a Catholic university.   Milo might corrupt the students and turn them gay.
Why don't they move to Moscow. There's a large gay scene there.
Certain social conservatives love comparing gay people to Nazis, while portraying themselves as oppressed fighters for the resistance. Social conservatives are freaking out because they no longer control the moral and ethical paradigm in this country, they can no longer have the government harass and punish gay people because they feel gay people need to be punished and controlled. That's what this is really about. Social conservatives lashing out, wanting the government, through a SCOTUS ruling, to enforce the social conservatives' feeling of moral superiority. This isn't about artistic freedom. This is about social conservatives feeling the need to express power. To smugly show their moral superiority: "I will feel degraded, my soul will be polluted, if I have to serve the likes of you, so get out! Or you can settle for plain cupcakes that I deign to sell you."
What you fail to acknowledge in your 'rationality' is that secular marriage confers all kinds of benefits and responsibilities in a very real legal sense.  There is a vast difference between legal marriage and any other partnered relationship, whether one is straight or gay which is precisely why gay marriage is as important for gay partnerships as it is for heterosexual partnerships.  Don't bring up children as there are more childless straight marriages than there will ever by gay marriages.
This is the stupidest policy I have heard about in the last year - and there have been some real winners!  I wonder what it will be like for tranny women wrestling in men;s wrestling.  Upon a loss will she/he/it cry rape or sexual assault?  This reminds me of the old USSR "women" in the olympics with beards longer than their testicles.  How is it fair for a girls basketball team to play 5 boys who say they are women?
Liberal progressive democrats are the pathetic masses of whom Stalin had often referred to as useful idiots.   The indoctrination is complete, free speech is dead with the democrats.  If you're right of lgbtq communists transgenders, then you're a NAZI...
I believe this baker was targeted by these gays, and I hope he wins when the Supreme Court hears his case. He has every right to NOT bake a cake due to his religious beliefs and his Freedom of Speech protection. These gays are out of control...and I, frankly, would not insist that anyone make me anything..because if they had to, what do you think they may add as extra ingredients to the recipe. Get a grip!
Probably the same way a lot of people on these boards think the GOP reviles minorities, immigrants, women, poor people, gay people, really anyone who isn't an old white man.  Be pretty helpful if we all stopped asserting the caricatures we've drawn of others as unassailable fact.
Well goody for you! As for your being tired of hearing about my "sexual attraction," how do you think we gay people like being bombarded by heterosexual displays of affection everywhere we look every time we turn around? When people like you make statements like that it's obvious that you haven't given it a split second's thought what you're saying. If you had, you'd realize how ridiculous it sounds if you'd taken the time to think about it in a broader context. As for people prescribing hormone therapy for pre-pubescent children, don't drag me into that discussion. Since the administration of synthetic hormones of any kind (even insulin) can sometimes result in cancer formation, I'm not in favor of giving those to anyone, least of all children. But you just had to bring that up, didn't you? In case you didn't know, gay people are not the same as transgendered people. Try to keep up.
Those stupid liberals are just awful!!! I mean, how can they think that its fair to infringe on our rights to shoot the gay and latino and black people, and keep the women in the kitchen!  I mean, isn't it just an outrage to assume that these people have civil rights???
Your "family of faith (whatever that means}" prevented a pathological liar, thief, and proponent of infanticide and homosexual marriage from ascending to the highest secular office on the planet. The Donald is far from ideal, but he is exponentially better than the woman who slandered the victims of her adulterous husband's deviancy.
As soon as Freeland has NAFTA and the Chechen gay holocaust fixed I would like to see Trudeau set her on the little North Korean psychopath.
"No homosexuals in the Muslim-majority region."  Unbelievable ignorance.
The Israeli's like their combat females..a lot.  They also have no issues with transgendered military personnel.
"first openly gay companion"? What about Captain Jack Harkness -- the occasional companion of the Doctor -- wasn't he gay?
But there are hot lesbians in prisons. I've seen Orange is the New Black. I know what I'm talking about.
Hi, I'm a straight white cisgender retired combat veteran who has a Gay Godfather, my son and daughter have "2" Gay Godfathers, my family waves the "FAMILY" flag in a neighborhood who doesn't agree and I have lost friends in the military due to my stance on gays in the military and then your A** goes and does this!! How the hell do you expect us "WHITE STRAIGHT MEN" to stand up with you when you are secretly shooting us down? I love my big gay family and it's "women" (yes I labeled you) that will make it harder for my "FAMILY" to be accepted.  I hope that you get all the non white non cisgender people for your department and get your ass hacked to the stone ages!  I'm sure you will go and find a safe place now and blog/tweet/skype/snap/facebook and your probably so hipster you still use myspace or BBS and say how this warpig hurt your feelings. Rome was not built in a day but you are damn set on seeing it burn in one to get your way! Have a Happy Thanksgiving and a MERRY Christmas!
I'm sure if Ike had told the guys storming Normandy that they were going into harms way to make gay marriage legal, put trannies in the girls bathroom and tear down statues of George Washington, they would have attacked Washington DC instead of the Nazis.
No, I don't remember all those cases of males being busted for having sex with other males.  But based on your statement, are you saying that it's wrong for males to have sex with males?  Libs would label you as an intolerant gay-basher.  No, I don't remember what you cite, but I do remember Weiner texting his.  Lol.
You obviously know absolutely nothing about salesmanship.  Trump is a salesman.  Would you ever buy something from the cartoon character you have created in your mind and call Donnie Moscow?  How did this guy become a billionaire if he was your fiction?     No one would make multimillion dollar deals with your fantasy man.  Your fixation with "white dudes" borders on racist homosexuality.  Keep it in check.
Eid holidays will be coming soon and Easter will be gone.  The collateral damage will be on women and homosexuals.
At last you called it ""Israel""! Most of your accusations are hyperinflations of the internal conflicts of a vibrant culture.  You make the typical totalitarian move of holding a democratic state's internal ferment against itself while implicitly praising the depravities of the surrounding states' assaults on their own citizens. Hamas executes Arab Palestinians without trial, Syria is, well, Syria. Turkey's 'President' is currently crippling that country's journalists. Pakistan executes Muslims and non-Muslims for the crime of 'heresy' and frequently they are subject to mob violence.  In Israel, not only are these things NOT happening, you can even have a safe exchange between Shia and Sunni believers. And Bahais are safe from the persecution they receive in every other surrounding state.  One thing you have entirely failed to bring up: Israel is a bastion of gay rights among all cultures and ethnic groups. Maybe that isn't a plus for you.
Tom: The Southern Poverty Law Center is the leading organization for tracking racists and hate groups in the USA, outside of the FBI.  And they list the Nation of Islam as a racist group that spreads hatred.  And Ali has been a member ever since 1964.  They are an extremist fringe sect of Islam with less than 40,000 members.    So it is not I that is judging the Nation of Islam, the Southern Poverty Law Center is.   Just read what they say about the nation of Islam at the link I have posted:      https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/nation-islam  Here is quote from their description of NOI:  "The Nation of Islam's theology of innate black superiority over whites and the deeply racist, anti-Semitic and anti-gay rhetoric of its leaders have earned the NOI a prominent position in the ranks of organized hate."  I guess that you are OK with their bashing and denigrating of LGBT people too.   I condemn all hate groups listed on the SPLC website.   Do you???
Sorry, Mr. Berg, Hobby Lobby was wrong.  It put us on to a slippery slope.  So now I can discriminate for those things I can use religion was my back-up.  Don't forget how many preachers (priests?) used the Bible as justification for slavery.  So now I am free to exclude anyone be they gays, Blacks, Hispanics or anyone else who doesn't appeal to my fancy.
I'm going to ignore the clearly absurd assumptions you made and try to get to the core of your point here...  You think "liberals" are intentionally putting policies in place to brainwash children with safe sex practices to...turn them gay?  Haha...what?!
This is a form of child abuse, no matter which way you slice it.  This continued assault against men, particularly straight men, in our society is further proof of the socialist liberal globalist agenda.   Kathleen Wynne is in full-court press lesbian stage of eradicating men (fathers).  First by teaching trans and multi-gender lunacy to young children in our schools and then by threatening to remove your children if you don't allow them to be the transgender that they've been indoctrinated into believing they are under Bill 89 which all three parties in Ontario support 100%.  If we don't act soon to take back control of our lives from liberal lunatics, there will be no turning back.
Unbelievable. I am shocked at how many people are completely ignorant of the actual law, yet offer an opinion. If you offer a service to the public, you cannot refuse this service to people that are in a protected class.  When you sign a business application, you agree to abide by state laws, rules and regulations. Colorado law says that sexual orientation is a protected class. Political thought is not a protected class.  You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. You do have to make a cake for a gay.  You do not have to make a cake for a KKK rally. You do have to make a cake for a gay wedding.  It is pretty simple. If you want to open a business, you have to agree to follow state laws, rules and regulations.  Don't break the law.
Jane, but if a transgender has to use the bathroom - born a female, and now a male - that "male" has to use the womans bathroom if Minnery gets his way.  How, uh, uncomfortable do you think that will make your granddaughters?  They will be running out of the bathroom screaming "bad touch bad touch".   Yet, if the transgender who is a male, goes into the male bathroom, and uses a stall, no one will notice.    so.... which do you want?  Or want your pastors to keep molesting kids, because that seems to be happening a lot more than transgenders converting your granddaughters to "the geh".
I have not asked for "tolerance" to MY religion. You are wrong about the spelling of mo. It has been rendered in English in several ways. Insulting Christianity with "fairy tales" and false interpretations of what Christianity consists of is insulting Christianity. You insulted Christianity. I just pointed out the flaws in your history and interpretations. If you are muslim, and are "consistent" with the core beliefs as expressed in the Qu'ran, YOU hate Christians and Jews and atheists and esp homosexuals and condemn them to death. Otherwise, you have no scholarship with which to insult Christianity and support islam.
And I can give you a whole history down through the centuries with popes, cardinals, bishops and priests who had sex with women, girls, and boys----they didn't care which.     Because Pope Sixtus IV [1471-84] collected church tax on prostitutes and charged priests for keeping mistresses, it's believed that this was what increased the clerical homosexuality---not being homosexual.
Ah yes, the four sins that cry out to heaven. One of which is  "the cry of the people oppressed in Egypt, the cry of the foreigner, the widow, and the orphan. So, if you feel so strongly about it, you must strive for foreigners to be admitted to the United States. Or is your citation selective?  No, you are being a bigot. You want to discriminate against your homosexual brothers and sisters. You are another who says "You shall love your neighbor as yourself; unless your neighbor is gay. That neighbor you shall hate and refuse to have anything to do with." Your "traditional Catholicism" rejects love of God and love of neighbor. That is not being Christ-like.  Your bleat that I am a bigot because I refuse to practice bigotry is typical of the nonsense that Catholic traditionalists spew.
You equate homosexuality with "sexual immorality, greed, racism, pride" in your first post on this thread.  That is a bigoted position.     Here is my evidence from your post: "I also believe in respecting people who don’t share this belief and not using my personal faith to restrict equality for others. Therefore, I support gay marriage as a legal right but not as a personal freedom for believers (just as I don’t support believers who engage in sexual immorality, greed, racism, pride, etc…)"  In your world, there is no "personal freedom" for my friend Jason to marry his awesome boyfriend.  That is an unacceptable position.
It is false Christianity to preach and practice fear, loathing and rejection of gays.
The headline for this piece could as easily read "Misogyny linked to definition of masculinity" Traditional masculinity derides most feminine attributes. "Runs like a girl" "Cries like a girl" "he's so effeminate" "she must be on her period" "that's women's work" "a woman's place is _____".  Was it some time in the 70's that we saw the emergence of the new, sensitive man - the man who helped with house work and allowed his sons to cry, or not play football, or pursue ballet?  I think that gay boys and gay men have a much harder time than gay women because of their perceived feminine behaviours. No one cares so much about me wearing jeans and being able to use a skill saw as they do about the meticulously groomed young man with soft hands and an elegant walk who adores ballet....
One reason might be that there are still places in the world where people get murdered because they are gay.  It's actually mentioned in the article.
If it is opposite of what GOP goons want then yes it is a good thing. Look at it, what is the red meat that gets the GOP base most excited? Are there ANY popular GOP policies that don't regress America back to the good old days when gays hid in closets, the knee-grows weren't uppity, or when commies were blacklisted?
Or called out Hillary for supporting infanticide and homosexual "marriage".
Subtitled, "How the Catholic Church and the LBGT community can enter into a relationship of respect, compassion, and sensitivity," the book #1, refers to LBGT people (a conflated term of same-sex attraction and sex acts), whereas the Church delineates the two terms; and #2, implies that the Church does not respect, has no compassion for and sensitivity to those who have same-sex attraction and embrace it as an identity.  That's the lie that homosexual activists have been spreading since they decided that "sexual preference" wasn't working as a political tool to achieve their demands.  Martin could have written a book to educate about how the Church exhibits compassion and love for people with same-sex attraction to counter the bad reputation that homosexual activists have given the Church over the years.  Why doesn't Martin stand up for the Church that he married some 20 years ago?
Fred Phelps was a closet gay. People who are that anti-gay often turn out to be gay themselves. A nutter at the very least.
The little girl with the sign also believes that homosexuals must be killed, Israel and Jews  must be  eradicated, Christians can have their heads cut off, and women including herself are the property of men who may  beat them.  Ain't she sweet?
I think if you are a gay Muslim or a Jewish teacher trying to teach Muslim kids in the public school system, you might be quite affected.
A few more mutes and you can have a gay orgy thread; creating fantasy bubbles is just denial of reality.
exactly first is was "Who am I to judge?" about gays  then later he does not want gay priests  all platitudes like Justin Trudeau
What about the LGBT group meeting down the hall? How would they feel about anti-gay Muslim religious practice in their schools?
Is the person transgender? Yes or No?  Of course he is absolutely nuts, that was my point.  Another article in the Independent.com stated  "She now receives support from the Metropolitan Community Church of Toronto, where the congregation is mostly made up of LGBT people."  Would you classify Bruce Jenner as narcissistic? I surely would since his actions are similar. Look at me, look at me, with no concern for his family.   What makes him mentally ill, while another who suffers the same disorder, not including the nonsense of wanting to be a 6 yo , to be not?   Care to take a poll by transgendered activists if they consider him to be mentally ill?  I would suspect most to consider him normal. Talk about insanity.
There's something that needs to happen before we start talking about removing contraception from the "sin list." The Catholic teaching magisterium must finally acknowledge that sex isn't only about conceiving a child. This is almost acknowledged every time old infertile people marry in the church. I once asked a priest why the church would marry people who are clearly beyond their child-bearing years and do you know what he said, "to allow for a miracle." I kid you not. Seems to me if God can create a miracle and suddenly make an old woman fertile again s/he should be able to make a lesbian pregnant from, I don't know, the Holy Spirit? Or perhaps a gay man will miraculously be able to bear a child in a womb that God could suddenly create in him. But no, that would be foolish so we can't allow gay sex. Getting past that barrier would also remove masturbation from the sin list and also allow every straight couple to enjoy sex without worry. But I'm not holding my breath waiting for that.
You're using the trad argument that gay people don't exist?    If that works for you, fine, but we both know that gay people do exist, that the John Jay report says 15 to 51 percent of priests are gay, and that Bishop Accountability tells us that 80% of the abuse cases were male priests raping boys.  By the way, "neoconservative" is a political term that applies to international affairs, and not social issues related to gender studies.
I would rather share a bathroom with a transgendered person than a sanctimonious bigot.
Homosexuality is not one of my hobby horses, I  believe the practice is wrong and goes against nature, but we do live in a few country, so in a strange way I defend their rights to their freedom, but I still believe it is wrong. Her argument is not reflective of Christian reasoning, that is the only reason I responded. Theologically one is not condemned for sins (even though many would differ with this), they are condemned for unbelief. And yes, homosexuals do not "reproduce" so they have a limited shelf life.
Ban transgender military personnel willing and able to serve,  …promote those who commit sexual assault.   (…not like sexual assault by drill sergeants is a new thing.)
You left out the part about the church not firing straight employees who choose for whatever reason to get married at city hall unlike gay employees who do the same thing and lose their jobs over the "scandal" of it all.
http://www.theguardian.com/society/2012/jun/05/why-working-class-people-vote-conservative  the Republican party dupes people into voting against their economic interests by triggering outrage on cultural issues. "Vote for us and we'll protect the American flag!" say the Republicans. "We'll make English the official language of the United States! And most importantly, we'll prevent gay people from threatening your marriage when they … marry! Along the way we'll cut taxes on the rich, cut benefits for the poor, and allow industries to dump their waste into your drinking water, but never mind that. Only we can protect you from gay, Spanish-speaking flag-burners!" The most recent dupe from the Republicans, we'll make the free loaders work or take away their food stamps. The free loaders like newborn infants, disabled veterans, the disabled/handicap. Abled-body people who can work do not qualify for government assistance.
That link didn't say a single word about ERMUHGOD GAY ORAL SEX!!!! HOT, HOT MAN ON MAN ORAL SEX!!!111
Jamie, I said I personally do not approve of the gay life style.  That does not mean that I don't support your and your spouse's right to choose how to live so long as you are not militant idiots like the Westboro Baptist Church people.  Judging you (and for that matter, the Westboro Baptist Church people) is way, way above my pay scale.  I do thank you though for creating an interesting puzzle for me to solve by your description of your relationship - grin.
You do have some good points.  There is real religious persecution in the world.  Christians are being beheaded in Muslim countries.  And judging is wrong, which is what you are doing to me.  And even though Christianity is under attack, it really is not that bad, but it is part of the progressive agenda.  And Jesus did say we would face persecution.  And the church should welcome gay people into their churches.  But we cannot approve of sex between a man and a man.
Pride began fragmenting when the Dyke March allowed the females to have an event that specifically discriminated against  gay men.  It was further weakened by the removal of "Gay" from the name,  to be a generic  "Pride"   which simple worked to eliminate gay men from the identity of it.  TI was further damaged when the gay men of Toronto,were accused of being nothing better than racist KKK  hate monger  by BLM and NOBODY... NOT TORY>NOT THE MEDIA>  NOT KATHLEEN WYNNE > NOT KIRSTEN WONG TAM > NOT JUSTIN TRUDEAU came to our defense.  They all tacitly agreed that the white gay boys of Church St , who  started Gay Pride in 1981,  really  are a despicable bunch of curs because nobody dared refuted   BLM's accusations. .    Again and always the gays get thrown under the bus,  This is a boot stomp to the face of Toronto's gay population.
Something gay went wrong
GET OVER IT!!!!!! IT WAS AN EFFING JOKE!!!! Quit being so damn hyper sensitive.   YES, it was funny... It was funny because MOST nurses are indeed FEMALE! FACT. When I hear the word "NURSE" I, and statistically 100% of other human beings picture the woman with the white dress and hat. THATS HOW IT IS. DEAL WITH IT!  2) Statistically 100% of straight men WOULD NOT want gay men OOGLING their genitals and "admiring" them. FACT. That is NOT "Anti-Gay"... Its just FACT. I certainly would not want some gay guy checking out my private parts...   And you Leftists wonder why we cant stand you guys... You are NITPICKERS!!! You take apart EVERY DAMN sentence and analyze EVERY word... You take the fun out of EVERYTHING.   MAGA 2020.
Since you are an unthinking Neanderthal perhaps you can’t see the difference.  Skin color is just skin color.  There is only one race, the human race.  But homosexual activity isn’t a skin color, it is a behavior.  Does that concept penetrate your extra think skull?  And if it does, is it capable of reaching into your incredibly small, peanut-sized brain?  And even then, can it overcome the slavish dishonesty with which you’ve been infected?  You are indeed “Lying John Hobson”, a disgrace to all who sincerely seek to understand.  Is there a more dishonest person on these message boards?  Is there anyone more intolerant and hateful as you?  I don’t think so.  Your comments are always vile, and not just because they are ridiculous, stupid, arrogant and wrong, but because you can only twist and distort what others say in an effort to deceive.  I’m sure you do it to make yourself feel better, but it isn’t working.  You need professional help; psychoanalysis or exorcism I think.
Meanwhile, the policy is to fire gay employees. Your not talking about it seems to mean that you condone it.
The Gay sex going on in the Men's room is even worse than the drug use and the homeless using them as a place to wash up.
Gay folk don't define themselves by sexual acts any more than heterosexuals to. It is the sodomy-obsessed gay-haters who try to impose such a definition.
It is odd how many people have no idea what they are talking about regarding this case. If you offer a service to the public, you cannot refuse this service to people that are in a protected class.  When youmsign a business application, you agree to abide by state laws, rules and regulations.  You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. You do have to make a cake for a gay.
A different ordering could be mistaken for BLT "bacon, lettuce, tomato".  Hovever, the debate nowadays is about which acronym is the most inclusive:  LGBTIQQA LGBTQQIP2SAA LGBTIQCAPGNGFNBA  This is getting ridiculous.
To be fair he/she would be welcome in team sports. The girls with the he/she will have an advantage. But in individual sports it is unfair. Notice there are no females dressing as males competing as males. They would also not be welcome on a guys team. So since this transgender issue will likely favor only guys being girls it will come out unequal. And until you menstruate and have cramps you are not a real woman. I would like to hear from girls dressing as boys and see if they feel equal amongst the boys.  I personally feel robbed as a female letting males impersonate females.
"More homosexual propaganda designed to make people believe that people approve of homosexual acts."  I disapprove of your heterosexual acts. Does that make us even?
Sure he does, but he also knows how gullible his supporters are. Just read some of the nonsense they write here.  We can stop immigrants but how about anyone who just flies in for a vacation from Europe, Canada or any of the other places where you don't even need a visa? Or, how about some guy born in Queens who has mental issues and is gay deciding to end it all in the worst way possible? Do we put all Muslims and people who may be Muslim in camps? With a tan and my beard, maybe you think I am Muslim.
What should we call Wes Bellamy? Racist? Sexist? Homophobic?
dear scottd  Pride gets public funding for gay pride and gay rights  yet allows non-gay politics to march like Queers against Israeli Apartheid and Black Lives Matter  is this not incompetence? using public money for purposes the money was not intended for
last time with QUAIA (Queers Against Israeli Apartheid) marching in the Parade and playing politics the City did not cut funding  this time do it right and cut funding the funding is for gay rights and gay pride politics and not for politics like Black activism, anti-Israel activism  cut the funding and stop the nonsense already
If they are engaging in same-sex sexual relations then they are gravely sinful acts. You can argue from a secular or non-Catholic position, however, from Scripture and 2000 years of Church teaching your statement above is false. And since this article is within the context of a Catholic Bishop upholding Church teaching and Canon Law, to simply state that "married homosexual relations are not sinful", as though that statement is a Christian truth is deceitful and naive.
Hmm...I don't wear an earring (I did as a teenager).  I oppose gun control, abortion on demand and state accommodation of "gay" marriage.  I'm not a "vegan".  I have a beard, but it's for religious reasons, not because I'm a hippie.  I believe in God.  And I think the Messiah (alayhis-Salaam) would agree more with what Shannyn wrote than with what you did.  He reserved his harshest condemnation for hypocrites:  "WOE on you, Scribes and Pharisees, HYPOCRITES!  You refuse to enter the Kingdom of God, and would hold the door against the children of men who would enter!" (Matthew 23:14).  It's fitting in this context to mention that other translations (mine is based on the Aramaic bible in plain English) include the denunciation: "You devour widows' homes and say long prayers as pious posturing"!  That's our oily senators to a 'T'.  Perhaps substitute "pioneers' homes" for "widows' homes".  BTW--Rudy is a buddy of mine.  I don't appreciate you taking his name in vain.
Do liberals think the average Canadian is stupid enough to not think this would happen?  As an average Canadian, I take great offence at this assumption.    Saudi Arabia is one of the few countries in the world that considers homosexuality a Capital offence.  I wonder if that thought ever makes it's way through the thick skull of our PM when he is gleefully marching in the various gay pride parades that occur across our country each year.
God and Satan are a tag team?   Your charge that a homosexual priest cabal is behind all this is the most wacko post I have ever read on this web site.  And considering the competition that is saying something!
Firing gay employees for getting married is standard operating procedure for American bishops. If you were going to fire all sinners, then there would be no one left. IN FACT, gays are rejected by the institutional Church. This is being unchristian.  Yes, abortion is just one issue among others. But to hear the bishops, it is the ONLY issue worth considering. I believe this attitude is wrong.
"He did not say ANYTHING against gay marriage. He said he was for it. He said it was "decided."  Right. He just assured several faith-based groups that he would appoint judges who have gone on record saying they would overturn "Obergefell" which, let's face it, is one of the main reasons you voted for him, right? Like all snakes, Trump speaks with a forked tongue.
They are almost calibrating love, Walter. Remember the row in the immediate aftermath of the synod about the exact wording of how communities should treat homosexuals. It was nitpicking, pedantry of the most embarrassing nature. They argued whether it should be gay people should be 'welcomed' all the way down to 'tolerated.'  The result was something akin to, "Hello! You'll have had your tea then?!"  I just can't accept that these people in any way represent the good Lord.
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay  Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI! - Hypocrisy is a greater crime than racism.
Yeah, Christ wants us to discriminate against gays, and to deny them any rights.   Are you for real, R&R?
Any adult who thinks he or she is a child suffers from some type of disorder. Most transgendered adults do not suffer from this disorder. I doubt there are too many baby-wannabes in the military.
But aren't you all getting really tired of the gay in your face propaganda day after day. Why can't they simply go to a different gay friendly bakery?  Instead they continue to try and force their lifestyle down all of our throats and destroy good people in the process. I for one am sick of it all. Time for a straight pride parade!
Yes they will Klastri, starting with the queen of bigots, HitLIARy...  "Proof Hillary Clinton is Racist "Superpredators", Anti Gay, Laughs At Child Rape!" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkvMPTpFnlk
We guys will still have various dances and parties to go to  even if the Parade is cancelled.  Whether the Opera House, or  Splash or Pheonix we can still dance the nights away. The political uber class of angry lesbians dont have that.
Most of the priesthood is lesbian? Pinch me, what planet am I on now?
Transgenderism is medically classified as a mental disorder. Period.
Homosexuality is a grievous sin and should not be tolerated by any Catholic. It is quite clear about the sinful nature of the practice in the Bible. If you want a more relaxed/looser approach to God's law then there are many protestant assemblies that condone the practice. If a homosexual (or homosexuality apologist) cannot recognise it as mortal sin and/or obstinately refuse to repent and remain celibate, then the Catholic Church is not for you.
I will tell you I was drawn to Ms. Iannarone for a few reasons, not the least of which is that we can't risk Creepy Jules Bailey in a runoff. Do you want someone who uncritically tithes 10-15% of his income depending on who/what you believe his church's mandatory tithe is, to a church that believes gay people are subhuman, interracial marriage is bad, and disabled people don't have souls? Yeah. Creepy Jules will fight dirty in a run-off, and every run-off is dirty.  Ms. Innarone may not have the best soft skills. Nobody elects a mayor based on being nice or Adams and Hales never would have happened. The "she's sometimes short with people" is kinda gendered, and y'all know it. So isn't Wheeler, so isn't Davis...  I'll accept Ted if needs be. But I don't want to deal with the risk of dirty, shady tactics from the Bailey campaign, where a man claims to stand for one thing, but supports much darker things with his $ under color of "religion." Tithing uncritically to hate is unacceptable.
not to mention causing a mini-AIDS epidemic by defunding HIV testing in the state.  Oh, it wasn't among persons of color or gay folks, it white drug users.
How many Canadians would welcome to Canada German Nazis , who teach their children  to hate Jews and to kill homosexuals.s ?  Muslims  teach their children to hate Jews and to kill homosexuals. and we are told to accept their cultural values. because that is good.
Ken, it was inevitable that you would re-post your already rejected post of your tired, hoary old homophobic chestnut.   We all know that "[T]he [John Jay] researchers found no statistical evidence that gay priests were more likely than straight priests to abuse minors—a finding that undermines a favorite talking point of many conservative Catholics. The disproportionate number of adolescent male victims was about opportunity, not preference or pathology, the report states." https://www.americamagazine.org/content/all-things/john-jay-report-not-blaming-homosexual-priests
Seriously? A guy has to apologize for not being black or trans?  These are weird times indeed.
Sex is not possible between people of the same sex; only sodomy.  Sex is the act between couples of complementary sexes by which reproduction occurs.   Distorting the definition is more homosexual activist semantics.
Tribal preservation has not been the reason for opposing homosexual conduct for a long, long time.  If it ever was.  The Jews were not stupid; they could see a universe filled with the relationship between a thing and its proper end, and could see that males, especially, were never intended by nature or the creator to be end to end.   When the OT and Paul so fiercely condemned homosexual conduct, they were not moved primarily by tribal preservation.  That much is clear from the words of scripture itself.
Seeing as how we can't comment on the radical islamic terrorist in Edmonton article (which is closed, for "legal reasons" which is code for "we don't want people to be able to express their opinion and say something against Islam because then we wouldn't be multicultural") I decided to comment here.  Yes, Sheema, we did think it would happen here; it was just a matter of time.  And yes, we will be calm and carry on.  But we also need to be vigilant and look out for radical islamic terrorism, the forced marriages, the forced genital mutilation, the misogamy, and if you are gay watch out as you will be thrown off a building.
You can no hate gays (you could even be 100% on board with them) and still think its not okay to force a private business owner to do something that is against their beliefs (even stupid and hateful beliefs)...  Crazy right?
Dear oh dear oh dear.  Alceste is at it again.  Let me try to give you some of the common sense that my billy goat has.  While not every single solitary Muslim wants to create a shadow legal and social system in western countries, many do.  There are documented cases of this occurring in the US, UK, and Canada.    There are many Muslims who practice things that we consider abhorrent in North America - like making women second class citizens and throwing gays off buildings.  I suppose you are against the sanctioned misogyny and homophobia in Islam, but maybe you are not.  But I am against it and I do not want even an inkling of that hatred here.  And, Duke has as much right to a post a comment as anyone else.  Just as you do and just as I do.  If you don't like a comment then engage.  You and I have done so on many occasions, and while rare, I have found that sometimes you have made some comments that are nearly as good as mine.  : )  Seriously, though, debate, teach, and learn.
Complementarity is an attempt to rationalize current dogma.  It's  a head fake.  Again, relationships are more than just sex, including for gays.  Differentiating sex and sodomy is splitting hairs.
We know that gay priests are far more likely than straight priests to abuse young people.     Worrying about bishops and cardinals is just denial of the actual source of the sex abuse problem.
"Christians are tired of being called homophobes and Islamophobes..."  I'm sure they are, Cal.  Maybe if they stopped being so homophobic and Islamophobic the name calling would stop?
Let's see, a cake for two gay people celebrating their love and commitment to one another, versus a cake for a group who think Hitler didn't go far enough in wiping out Jews, gays, the disabled, and anyone who wasn't Aryan enough for them.  Hmm....  Ya know, I see a difference here.
GET OVER IT!!!!!! IT WAS AN EFFING JOKE!!!! Quit being so damn hyper sensitive.   YES, it was funny... It was funny because MOST nurses are indeed FEMALE! FACT. When I hear the word "NURSE" I, and statistically 100% of other human beings picture the woman with the white dress and hat. THATS HOW IT IS. DEAL WITH IT!  2) Statistically 100% of straight men WOULD NOT want gay men OOGLING their genitals and "admiring" them. FACT. That is NOT "Anti-Gay"... Its just FACT. I certainly would not want some gay guy checking out my private parts...   And you Leftists wonder why we cant stand you guys... You are NITPICKERS!!! You take apart EVERY DAMN sentence and analyze EVERY word... You take the fun out of EVERYTHING.   MAGA 2020.
The issue here is not celibacy but continence, which is an insult to the married state, particularly women. The belief that one cannot worthily celebrate the Eucharist when one has had marital intercourse is obnoxious and must be condemned.  After that, celibacy (including post-ordination celibacy) easily falls, as does the opposition to female priests and even gay and lesbian married priests.  The cramped sexuality of the past can not and should not survive - and won't give the attitudes of the Millennial Generation.
JeffS,  Agreed that AndSoItGoes believes in tolerance for bigots and not for gays.  Note the use of Moral Relativity (we just have a nuanced homophobia, don't judge us) to support the idea that we should embrace a Moral Absolute (Conservative Baptists are the only one who understand God and they are great at judging sinners).  I agree that there is something creepy about being a fundy Baptist but then claiming that you reject all the tenets of the church you chose as an adult.
"My Way to Peace,"  Sanger recommends that the government: . . . keep the doors of Immigration closed to the entrance of certain aliens whose condition is known to be detrimental to the stamina of the race, such as feeble-minded, idiots, morons, insane, syphiletic, epileptic, criminal, professional prostitutes, and others in this class . . . apply a stern and rigid policy of sterilization, and segregation to that grade of population whose progeny is already tainted or whose inheritance is such that objectionable traits may be transmitted to offspring. (Jan. 17, 1932 [LCM 130:198].)  And this is precisely what Hitler did.  And what Oregon did.  Although Oregon also sterilized 'wayward teenage girls' and homosexuals as well.  Hitler put pink triangles on the homosexuals and sent them to slave labor in the death camps instead.   Both based their acts on eugenics.  Sanger targeted the poor blacks in the infamous "Negro Project" along with W.E.B Dubois.
Polls strongly indicate that most Muslims are for Shariya law -- that means, laws that gays should be killed, apostates killed, women killed.  This matters.   More than pretty smiles.  There was another election, as it were.  Polls show Muslim sentiment just as I describe it.   They voted against your ideals.
Many Catholic priests are gay. In the 2000 book "The Changing Face of the Priesthood," Rev. Donald B. Cozzens suggested that the priesthood was increasingly becoming a gay profession. Cozzens estimated that as much as 58 percent of priests were gay, and that percentages were even higher for younger priests. His numbers matched previous estimates by sociologists who put the numbers of gay priests between 10 and 60 percent.  One must go to the source to address the problem of priests abusing young boys.  The source isn't the bishops, its the men under the bishops charge.  But let's pretend it's all about the bishops, for the sake of political correctness.
Does that strike you as implausible? After all, when Christianist homophobes kill gay people, we don't rush to condemn Christianity.
After the massacre in Orlando, Trump was literally the only politician to identify the killer as an Islamic terrorist. But Trump was immediate denounced by leaders of the LGBT communities of America and Canada as Islamophobic and homophobic, even when he said he would pledge national security to protect the  lives of all LGBT.  They supported Hillary despite her soft attitude toward the Islam that killed them.
Where are the "psychotic killers" today who use the "Christian" "faith community" to justify their violence?   Where are Christians who throw gay people off of roofs, turn women into sexual slaves, stone people for adultery, blow up nightclubs, etc?   Where are they?
All gay people are mentally ill?  Or am I misunderstanding?
hipsters, white people with dreadlocks, credit card hippies, and self-entitled self-righteous over privileged idealistic white millenials.   if i were a minority, a woman or gay, these would be the absolute last people i would want taking up my cause, or attempting to represent my interests and/or frustrations.  but alas, i am in fact the problem- a thirty-something white male- the sole cause of every injustice ever perpetrated on anyone or anything since the damn of humankind.  and i've never been so ashamed.
You are in denial about your anti-gay attitude.  Yes, I don't say "sky god" around Jason, but he doesn't try and wrap up prejudiced, antiquated and intellectually dishonest junk in religion-scented wrapping paper to pretend it doesn't smell.  There are very few references to homosexuality in the Bible- far fewer than references to menstruation as ritually unclean, or the appropriate time to kill babies, or how to beat slaves properly.    Young gays have a higher suicide rate.  Promise me you keep your homophobia to yourself and don't try and influence others in any way on this point.
I have nothing against Mexicans, bisexuals or small people but that sculpture sucks.
Why involve the fat guy with the tie? Doesn't matter which side takes to the streets. Get suited up, (Don't forget to protect your head) bring the appropriate weapon and see who prevails. Tyrants of any breed are likely to be cowards. The skin color isn't important. It's always a pleasure to see some jughead go down, regardless of who they might hate. Everybody likes to see some fascist dummy hit the deck, be he black, white, gay or straight. In the meantime, get armed. Could be anybody coming for you soon.
I never "gave up" on "opposite relationships". I knew I was gay from the time I was 11 years old. It was not a "choice". The ignorance you assert here is simply unacceptable.
My fear is that Tory will be a complete idiot and still believes  BLM is an honourable group of people who only seek to live in a tolerant just society. He thinks good will is the cure for the racist bigots  of Church Street, the  gay men, the leather men,   jocks and drag queens of Toronto are now classified as. That is after all what this is all about, the inhumane racism of Toronto's gay  white men. We are guilty as charged because Tory would never dare defend   Toronto's gay community from slander by  BLM.
I get the point of the editorial, but for me, I fear I cannot find much to be exited about in the church anymore.  There are SO many places where serious, and absolutely fundamental work on the church itself is needed.  ANY of those areas (women, homosexuality, etc.) could in and of themselves be considered a major problem.  But for me, I continue to see the scandal as that point of entrance/departure.    In the US, many places have "sexual predator" laws, that  place limits on where a sexual predator can live, and that require (depending on where you live) varying degrees of notice.  I understand the need to offer compassion and support to these kinds of people, and see good in doing just that.  But at the same time, they are not likely the first people I consider inviting to dinner, a backyard BBQ, or my everyday life.  I can imagine a predator who might also be a wonderful artist, or have great skills in some area.  That doesn't erase the problem.  Same with the church...
A. You can NOT get HIV from spit, you are spreading falsehoods and that is dangerous. B. The TPS as an institution has been racist, homophobic, transphobic and have targeted people of colour for carding in record numbers, far exceeding the population. That the police chief is black or any other colour does not guard him from being a police officer first and foremost. I assume you have heard of the 'blue line' where officers protect each other even if it lacks the truth of the situation. You really should look up the incident that was captured on video tape and there are many, many others that are not recorded. And C. to your point that the police are not a minority or cultural group...EXACTLY! and that is why they have no standing to be in the Pride parade unless they are GAY cops and then, very welcome. Perhaps you have never been hassled and good for you, probably white privilege but many others are on a regular basis. Again, the TPS are the ones that need to step up, not Pride.
Spot on! They want evangelical Christians to be able to discriminate against gay people, but not gay people to be able to discriminate against evangelical Christians.
And we must disrupt a church of princes with an ancient irrelevant theology that discriminates against women, gays, and people of other religions and abuses children while protecting abusers.
The Bible speaks far more about social justice than it does about sexual sins. As I said elsewhere in this thread, when you come to judgment, I believe that God is far more likely to ask if you loved your neighbor, not if you denounced homosexuality. And that most certainly includes your homosexual neighbor, whom you do not appear to love.
She lies under oath, destroys evidence, sells out our country to the highest bidders, kills opponents, supports countries who execute gays and treat women like 3rd class citizens, laughs at getting rapists off, turns Libya into a hell-hole, lies about Benghazi after she left them there to die, smears the women her husband has raped and she calls Trump supporters "deplorables"?
I simply do not understand what BLM has to do with Gay Pride? The violence perpetrated against black people by the police needs to stop and be dealt with and for that I support BLM-TO, but what has that got to do with me being Gay? It isn't just Black gays and please tell me if anyone has ever heard of this, being murdered. Its every Black male who is in danger. But, I'm celebrating being Gay so where does BLM-TO fit in here?  It would be nice to know without a pile of rhetoric being thrown at me.
Damn your evidence.  Screw due process, She says he did it so she is right  The accusation of rape is too important for any woman to take so lightly  just to get revenge on a guy who jilted her.  But having said that, thank god I am gay so none of it applies to me.
You asked who the parents complain too. The answer is the school district.  "The Association of Alaska School Boards is also urging school districts across Alaska to adopt transgender policies. The school districts have to get into the nuts-and-bolts policies.”
Michael: Now, let's be truthful here. "Who am I to judge?" The pope used that terminology to refer to a gay priest who was striving to be celibate;  he was not responding to sexually active homosexuals. He even reconfirmed Pope Benedict's exclusion of homosexual men from the priesthood. Additionally: The LA District Attorney's office found that 95% of the sexual abuse cases in the LA Archdiocese involved priests molesting teenage boys!  You cannot escape that fact.
If you are a social justice warrior, go to a Muslim bakery and order a gay wedding cake.
What a ridiculous outdated thing to say.  The police are not a minority or cultural group.  They are a government agency made up of a cross section of Canadians.  Where is your proof of all this undue harassment, this is just fake news.  What cop said what?  In some situations it is possible to get HIV from spit sorry to tell you, it may be remote but it is possible.  Police are often dealing with injured and bleeding people so you cannot speak for every instance.  The police chief is black and many members are gay, countless others are not white or males. Your arguments are archaic and not even true.
I THINK THAT IN ORDER TO WIN ANY FUTURE WARS WE SHOULD ONLY SEND WOMAN, TRANSGENDERS,LESBIANS,GAYS,AND PEOPLE WHO CAN'T MAKE UP THEIR MINDS, TO THE FRONT LINES. DOING THAT WOULD INSURE THAT WE NEVER LOSE ANOTHER BATTLE.  THE REASON BEING, THE ENEMY WOULD LAUGH ITSELF TO DEATH!
"Since most Catholics in the USA are in favor of gay marriage..." Does your statement refer to Catholics who go to Mass every week, or just anyone who self-identifies as Catholic because I've seen polls that show that 70% of devout Catholics who attend Mass every Sunday oppose same sex marriage?   I'll agree with you on one issue: If gays who are civilly married are not to receive funeral rites, then anyone who is married civilly, but not sacramentally, should also be denied funeral rites.   A person can be scandalized by any doctrinal infraction, can't they?
Sometimes employers overreact, too.  The firing of Mozilla CEO Brendan Eich for donating $1000 to Proposition 8 - the anti-gay marriage proposition - is a clear example.  CEOs are still citizens, and have all the rights of citizens, too.    I would argue that the termination of Shawn Simoes, the Hydro One cheerleader of the famous "f*** her right in the pus**" comment also probably counts.  The courts thought so.  Hydro One was forced to rehire him.  Reality is it is hard to fire employees for being jerks while they are not working.
You're far too kind by delicately phasing "the Democrats are cooked". LOL  In reality, they would all be given a fair trial and then swiftly executed via a traditional Islamic beheading for supporting abortion, gays, adultery, pre- and extra-marital sex! For those that are not aware, public be-headings for just those highly anti-Islamic religious beliefs are as common as fiestas in Mexico! LOL   I say let the (D)onkey voters seal their own fate by allowing our new Muslim overlords rewrite our laws! LOL  WARNING: Graphic and Disturbing Woman Beheaded In Broad Daylight in ‘Moderate’ Muslim Nation While Police Watch... http://www.israelvideonetwork.com/woman-beheaded-in-broad-daylight-in-moderate-muslim-nation-while-police-watch/
Right. Having an "exorcism" because the state allowed CIVIL same-sex marriage is not homophobic. Nor is cancelling the contract that Catholic Social Services of Springfield had with the State of Illinois because the state said they couldn't automatically reject gay couples as adoptive parents. Nor is excommunicating gays. He did not say explicitly that gays should be "hated, feared, shunned, and rejected". However, it should be blindingly obvious, even to you (but only if you had even a scintilla of honesty in your makeup), that is his message.  No, Paprocki is a thorough-going homophobe, and you support him in his homophobia, just as you supported Burke in his homophobia.  Yes, I have little love for Paprocki, because I oppose bigotry, and the man is a bigot. And my love for you is scant, also because you support bigotry (as well as your general dishonesty and knee-jerk support for conservatives who should not be supported).
Interesting comment. Years ago I listened to a speech by a man who stopped being gay. He wanted to be hetero. Some of his advice and suggestions about his life change came from Focus on the Family. It was his decision in the end. What got my attention most is he said he had good, honest, genuine, gay friends while he was gay. After he told those friends he was no longer gay, many of those gay friends shunned him and he was disappointed. He didn't think the sexual orientation would be the only reason he had those friends. So what conclusion should I have came to when his speech was over? Gays only care about themselves and have no viable compassion/interest for any other category of person? If you think Focus is bad for what you think they are doing, can I think gays are bad too since they are only looking out for themselves and don't care what happens to anybody else - purely based on this man's experiences? I really don't want to.
Be careful LBGT minors!  Please beware dating gay violent gang members who need total secrecy!  Better off making good friends and taking care of each other before falling for the wrong guy.
"the majority of the abusive acts were homosexual in nature": is a measurable, testable fact.   "participation in homosexual acts is not the same as sexual identity as a gay man" is a mere opinion.  We need to learn the difference.
And yet gays who want to be women earn better wages than the average Joe. it takes a man to show women how to be a lady. <smirks>
Trudeau doesn't say Canada is a Christian state - hence there is no hypocrisy accepting homosexuality. It is the hard core Christians (or fundamentalists of any religion) that are the most hypocritical!
Coming from someone who has demonstrated an inability to think critically, that's just rich Scott.  The parallel, which, like a 747, appears to be way over your head, addressed your silly "follow the business license you agreed to" comment.  The baker did not refuse to sell them a cake out of the display case, he refused the offer to hire him for the sole benefit of the homosexual couple.  The license the baker agreed to was to sell items that exist to the next person wanting to purchase them, not to be compelled to enter into contracts he didn't wish to be party to for the purpose of creating something solely for the benefit of the other party.  That is analogous to the Jewish restaurant owner being compelled to cater any occasion because he caters some occasions.  The restaurant comparison you attempt is fatally flawed Scott.  It fails the most basic test of logic and reason, classes you either didn't take or failed miserably based on your offerings to date.
You make a lot of assumptions, Steve, but can you point to any acts taken by this administration that were taken with any intent but to make the country better?  Trump tries to improve the country, and you want to divide it and attack it.  I don't know who organized what in Charlottesville, but what were there a couple hundred of them?  Wow, sounds like 1968 all over again.  Please.  Those liberal halcyon days of having something real to protest about are long gone, Steven.  Those evil, straight, White Christians vote for Black, homosexual and non-Christians  all the time.  You're protesting a myth.
That is very, very not smart. Illegal invaders are not a protected class.  Gays are a part of a protected class in Colorado, but that does not mean they are afforded extra rights, that is silly. If this were a test you would have failed.
Oh complete rubbish! Your rhetoric is not only dishonest it's a promotion of misery or death . So now you are putting your bias as having more credibility then licensed medical professionals? That is truly rich beyond belief, no wonder we have the word ignorance in the American language , and thank God it's illegal for non-profession unlicensed ignorant people to practice medicine.  I'm glad to note your use of the word "engage" which I will remind you is a verb an action word. Sexual activity aside from victims of illegal forcible activity is a choice. One either chooses to engage in sexual activity or not, regardless if the sexual activity denotes heterosexual or homosexual. Regardless if the sexual engaged activity is largely considered within so called social norms or deviant practices among society. Thereby both heterosexuality & homosexuality are a "lifestyle" choice, just as one may choose to be sexually inactive is also a chosen "lifestyle".
If a poll were taken of most black people and most gay people, the police would be welcomed. A tiny minority of hardcore black racists like BLM Toronto should not be running our city.
Another bit of evidence of the fact that "trans" people have a mental illness, and they need psychiatric help!
I agree : people of good will do need to talk this out. But Tory is an idiot and a coward if he think BLM is going to show any good will towards the gay white men of Toronto.   Like Geise here, he and all other  politicians  at city hall will throw  Toronto's gay men under the jack boot  heels of BLM,  and then they will praise themselves for being tolerant.   We gay men of Toronto are still low priority because clearly NOBODY is coming to our aid.   Ironically, the  gay community and the police are now in this together as allies with common goals and a common enemy.
You would say to them "you are perverts, you should be hetero". Clearly, you know nothing about homosexual people. Heck, your comments about men show that you know very little about straight people either.
There's at least a dozen regular bigot and racist bloggers that like to hurl hateful insults against  Alaska Natives, the homeless, and the LGBT community, or people that are murdered.  This crowd prefers to bash the deceased rather than the person that did the killing.
If we want to stop the sexual abuse, we must not allow gay men into the seminaries. 87% of the offenders are homosexuals, therefore allowing priests to marry would not eliminate the threat. These same offenses  are committed by Protestant ministers and teachers, all of whom can marry.
I don't see why the US election gives visible minorities in the US concerns.  Trump has never said anything to indicate he was against minorities.  He said statements related to illegal immigration and terrorists.  But the mainstream media and the lefties made this out to be that he hates foreigners, blacks, gays, etc.  This is the biggest snow job by the media ever.
Ask virtually any gay person, and he or she will tell you that the institutional Church has little or no respect for him or her.
Pan, there were very few innocent priests in my experience and I had a very close friend of mine accused of sexual abuse, then down graded to 'verbal sexual abuse'. It didn't matter because the bishop at the time crucified my friend for his own bishop's resume. He was forbidden to exercise his public authority as a priest and then booted from the college he had taught at for 25 years for admitting he was gay.   That ended my official participation in my cathedral parish. I was actually a witness when the 'verbal abuse' took place. What actually happened is we saved a young man from committing suicide.  In my mind it doesn't get more unfair than that.  Although I volunteered to testify, I wasn't allowed to testify.  However, my friend knew of a number of abused children involving other priests he did not bring to anyone's attention...because priest.  When he told me that during his own tribulations, I said to him 'paybacks are a beotch'. There are very few truly innocent priests.
I don't have a skirt. It's just that I was talking to this lesbian the other day and it turns out that we both enjoy the same things in life (like eating puzzy). No s**t, we can both do it for hours. I had no idea I was a lesbian til we had this conversation. I was shocked. I always thought I was a straight shooter.
The law is the law.  You must be a social justice warrior, go order a gay wedding cake from a Muslim bakery.
Greetings.   Young gay and straight soul  are leaving the Catholic Church......let them dinosaur anti gay folks have this dead  Church all to themselves!  Jesus lives in a Church with compassion....not righteousness!
shame on the gutless cops for caving in to BLM...shame on Pride for signing all the demands in last years parade..it seems that Black gays are more important and entitled then non-black gays
LGBTQ will never be statisfied. NEVER!   They act as if they are 1/2 of the population when they are a very small percentage.  I have no sympathy for these bullies.  You don't do what they want they will attack you at all costs.
Don't like gay marriage?  Don't have one.  Don't want to support gay marriage?  Don't bake a cake for one.  This is not hard.
Chaput says that gays are SINNERS, and deserve neither respect nor dialogue unless they forgo their sins and come begging to us for forgiveness. Those who see them as not sinners should do the same.
That's not what white supremacists do; they want to overthrow our government, and discriminate against, or worse actions against people of color, gays, Muslims, and Jews. Sound familiar? Hint: Heil Trump (chanted by the white supremacists during Virginia rally).
The Christian terrorism fueled by the nationwide televangelist tax scofflaws continues. More threat from priests and preachers in their churches than any transgendered individual relieving him/her self. Disgusting.
homosexuals are not automatically pedophiles
I hate to tell you this but ALL mainstream Christian churches, including The RCC, are losing members.  Hand over fist.  The only two countries where is it gaining members is Africa and South America, in that order.  Also remember that lots of people call themselves Catholic, but do not participate in The RCC in any way.  Also remember that the number of atheists, agnostics and simply 'unchurched' are growing at a pretty good pace.  (Perhaps a surprise to you, the vast majority of atheists, agnostics and 'unchurched' are not immoral.)  Considering that an estimated 10% of the RC priests are homosexual (and most are celibate) and that around 10% are/have been pedophiles, church affiliation or no church affiliation does not have a lot to do with sinning and being virtuous.
And in embracing this unfortunate biographical detail, we are to believe that Our Lord spoke directly to St. Catherine, reached for the pitiful example of "the Blind and the Stupid" to make his point (yup, Our Lord spoke about his own children this way), said he became sick to his stomach at the mention of gay people (such delicate digestion) and concluded by noting that homosexuality is SOOO revolting that the formerly angelic nature of the devils themselves makes them skedaddle at the sight of two guys kissing.   And if you believe all that . . . . well, my bank account could use a good sale right now.
I was actually responding to Tom Z's thinking: "I suggest you find someone who has accepted the Church's teaching and has married and raised a family to better understand the Church's position on the matter."  If the uber Catholic anti gay folks are down to demanding sacrilegious marriages as the cure for 'the gay' they are on a very stupid path.
How would you feel if the Lord blessed you with lung cancer someday (as a learning tool). And when you went for treatment or a cure all of the doctors told you "we have nothing to help you." Because all of the scientists were spending all of the research funds on trying to cure the GAY. You are amazing!
I have a VERY simple solution..... If she and her partner are those SKINNY hot lesbians you see in porn...... hire her back. If she and her partner are the big bull dykes you see hanging around truck stops...... she stays fired.  Problem solved
This news story has generated more letters, comments, articles, etc. than any other that I can remember in my 40 years in Eugene. Most have been thoughtful, honest, insightful, and have given me a lot to think about - particularly in regards to my own biases, both the ones I know and those I don't even know that I have. No matter how much I read, talk, watch, experience, empathize with, etc, I will never know what it is like to be Black, a Woman, a Jew, Gay, etc. I will never be able to fully know what it is like to be anyone else other than myself, and no one else will ever know what it is like to be me.   I doubt we'll ever be able to fully and collectively bridge the racial divides and prejudices in this country. We don't seem to be able to learn from our collective past without being labeled by it and stuck in it. Since I can't change it, I say live in the present and treat yourself and fellow human with as much dignity, integrity, understanding, civility, etc. as you can muster.
Anal between males is found a lot in evolution as a form of domination.  That it has involved into a loving consensual act is evolutionary progress.  Anti-homosexuality is a backlash against the second class sexuality of sex with women in the ancient world, but now I am repeating myself.  If you want to really go down the up with women road, support female ordination, a married priesthood and the ending of the practice of Continence, which shows just what the clergy really think about procreative sex.
Nonesense. I loathe the term "homophobia", too. People who don't like gays and lesbians aren't afraid of them, they simply dislike the whole idea. My gay friends are simply "wired" a little differently. They are attracted to people of their own sex. Beyond that, they are conservatives or, god help them/us, liberals; honest or dishonest... Thry're human beings. Just forget the stupid labels.
As I've said many times on this forum, nothing going on in our world today is comparable to the Nazis.  Not white supremacists and certainly not gays.  I don't believe some conservative groups compare gays to Nazis and I know for sure this conservative doesn't.    Regardless, there is no reason for any group to compare any other group around today because Nazism was the worst there ever was.
Gays are a protected class in only 20 states, including Colorado. What the baker did is legal in 30 states.  Political,thought is not protected anywhere. The baker does not have to serve a nazi.
I'm guessing that's why the Pope doesn't want homosexuals in the Seminary or priesthood.
Between the porn industry and gratuitous, lighthearted sex scenes between unmarried partners, you'd think that there wasn't an STI epidemic.  For example, 80 percent of all people under 50 years of age will have a strain of the cancer-causing hpv virus at some point in their lives.  Cervical cancer is almost exclusively caused by HPV and it is the 2nd leading cancer in women. Worldwide, cervical cancer kills over 250,000 women every year.  And all that cutting-edge homosexual sodomy in TV and the movies?  Look up the HIV/AIDS epidemic.  Oh, those backward Catholics.
That seems to be the theme of the "Christian" Republicans.  I sure do wish the hypocrites would try reading the words of Jesus.  Jesus said nothing about gays or abortions, and only got really pissed off when people were using religion to make money.  For example, the Republican party uses religion to get people to vote for them but they really only care about making more war and money, as evidenced by every one of their policies.  They count on the stupidity of blind followers and the power of propaganda to keep getting elected.  And it works.  Sad.
I got banned for a couple of days for posting: "Show me an Imam who says homosexuals, women and Atheists are equal to a Muslim man, and I will show you an Imam with a Fatwa on him". Seemed rather apparent and civil to me...
How sad.  Now where else is Harvard going to find another TT (trans traitor)?
I wonder what would have happened had the Donald illegally stored above-top- secret information on a server housed in some stoner's bathroom closet in Colorado? Please..... And last time the "GOP was in power" {I presume you mean during the Bush II era}, we got two justices who knew that infanticide and homosexual marriage are mortal sins which cry to Heaven for vengeance.
Dear Saint Miguel, what if the women were, um, lesbians?
You seriously believe that? We don't stone women for being raped, we don't throw gays off buildings for being gay, women do not need permission from their male relatives to go out, and we don't cut off women's clits so they can't experience sexual pleasure. Tis comment is laughable and ridiculous, and WRONG.
There is a special club of hypocrites whose members include J. Edgar Hoover, and Ted Haggard (to name a couple out of many). Milo Yiannopoulos is part. Can you spot the link?  All are, or were, active homosexuals who spoke out against homosexuality. J. Edgar Hoover had Clyde Tolson. Married Rev. Ted Haggard had sex with men. Milo Yiannopoulos thinks same-sex marriage is wrong, and wishes that homosexuals would go back in the closet (while loudly proclaiming he's not a white supremacist for reasons I'll let you inquisitive readers discover).  Remember the racist skinhead, Nicky Crane? Nicky Crane performed in gay pornographic videos and died of AIDS. There's Ambrose St John and John Henry Newman (a poignant finish to their secret life together was revealed when the Vatican tried to separate their remains--buried together in the same grave--for Newman's beatification. The coffins had decomposed, and their bodies had finally mingled).  Milo's hypocritical, tawdry dragface is irredeemable.
"Transgenders no longer look anything like the sex found on their birth certificates.." ha ha ha ha ha 😂😂😂. You mean like the man in a dress in the picture accompanying this article?? Clearly! Clearly that is a man. Yes he's an emotionally damaged and confused man, but he is CLEARLY a biological male. Cutting your genitals off and putting on a dress does not make you a woman. It makes you a surgically altered male in a dress. I'm sorry I'm not going to be forced by liberals to pretend that biological sex doesn't matter in physiology and human behavior.
Under Canadian laws if you commit a crime you are punished according to the law.  Under Sharia you are punished according to the Koran.  If you shoot 2 gays holding hands it is acceptable.
Mr. Barnard references  that dreaded "gay agenda"......here's a definition: "Homosexual agenda (or gay agenda) is a term introduced by sectors of the Christian religious right (primarily in the United States) as a disparaging way to describe the advocacy of cultural acceptance and normalization of non-heterosexual orientations and relationships. The term refers to efforts to change government policies and laws on LGBT rights-related issues. Additionally, it has been used by social conservatives and others to describe alleged goals of LGBT rights activists, such as recruiting heterosexuals into what they term a "homosexual lifestyle".[1]"    IMO, the "real" gay agenda is to be no longer treated as "second-class" citizens and be able to live their lives w/o being targeted with discrimination and much worse.  I don't feel that goal is unreasonable.  As used by those right-wing Christians it's a epithet designed to force homosexuals "back into the closet where they belong!!!"   Gary Crum
What the parish bullies and gossips who "use religion as a weapon against others" don't realize is that they're putting their immortal souls in serious peril with their their cruelty, arrogance, and judgmental disposition towards people they regard as "inferior" and want kicked out of the church.   I remember reading in C.S. Lewis' "Mere Christianity" a passage stating that a cold, self-righteous prig with a superior attitude is far closer to hell than a prostitute; this same thing holds true today.  An arrogant, gossipy parish bully who plays God is far closer to Hell than any LGBT individual.
I live in Arlington and we never go to Seattle. All those precious snowflakes and fags. Ugh.
If God is the creator of life, Markham, he didn't discriminate how life can be formed.  I believe if there is a God, he loves homosexuals the same as he may or may not love you or anyone else.  Don't forget, Jesus said that he hates hypocrites.
What ????  Truly get a grip, the lack of humanity exhibited by terrorist organizations associated with Muslims is horrific, rape , torture, burning gays, throwing people from roof tops to cheering crowds , sex slaves and on and on.   Fake news I'm sure!!!!!  One would almost think you support these atrocities with your constant denial of facts.
I find false accusations of racism by loonie fanatics against  the gay community of Toronto extremely disturbing. Lock her up too.
Mr. Phillips is a hypocrite, unless he checks to make sure that none of his customers have committed adultery before their marriage, he is picking and choosing which rules to follow.  Adultery made the top 10 list, gays didn't.
How do you celebrate Canada Day without mentioning Canada? With a yellow rubber ducky. Any overt sign of patriotism  is now distasteful, like Trump. To actually say "Canada", and wave a flag  is just white supremacist, racist and red neck.  It would offend First Nations, LGBT, BLM, feminists and immigrants.. For Liberals, Canada has done nothing  to forgive 150 years of sins.  So let's all cheer the rubber ducky.
No! It's hilarious that you are worried about condescension towards gay people, when you see them as sinners worthy of contempt.
The sentiments expressed by Margaret are typical of her gender. It's just evolutionary biology in action. The Globe and Mail will always call anyone with legitimate concerns of Islam "racist, bigot, Islamaphobe, xenophobe, etc etc etc". The real racists, sexists and homophobes are Muslims themselves and they'll openly admit that. It's in their holy book (the true word of god) after all.   Muslims should not be able to pray in schools. End of story. Accommodating a religion that hates western values is ridiculous. Everything about Islam is anti-West. Women have no rights, gays are killed, leaving the religion is punishable by death. At some point you have to say no, we will not accommodate this religion. Islam should be banned from Canada all together. Islam = terrorism. That's a fact anywhere in the world that Islam goes.
More vote pandering to the Gay community Mr. Trudeau?   Do you have any idea how foolish your antics are?
Simple. The easiest way for Trump to keep conservative Christians happy is to throw GLBT people under the bus. It's why he ordered the Department of Defense is has six months to discharge every transgender servicemember. It is pure politics.
You were not being facetious.  You were intimating that two particular women are too ugly to engage in lesbian porn, according to your high standards.  I wish I could see what you look like.
OK, but it's complicated, and (1) the official recognition by the church that our marriages can be true sacramental unions, and (2) the statement a church wedding would make to all Catholics of all kinds, that marriages between same-sex partners are as valid and as holy as those between opposite-sex partners, would mean a great deal.  My husband and I were civil-unionized in Vermont in 2000, and married by the province of Québec in 2005; and while we don't actually require a church wedding, nevertheless we consider our marriage a sacramental one, and take seriously the church's traditional aspirations for the relationship between married partners.  Meanwhile, with regard to the many gay Catholics who have consulted their conscience and decided to leave the church, I understand their decision. Not only that, but I understand their expressions of bitterness toward many in the hierarchy, though conservative Catholics tend to be put off by it. To those Catholics: Tough.
You are another who reads the gospel as saying, "Love your neighbor as yourself; unless your neighbor is gay. That neighbor you shpuld loathe and reject."
When BLM accused the white gay men of Toronto , who started Pride in 1981, a bunch of racists and oppressor class white supremacist, NOBODY came to their defense.  Being gay is one thing, but being white negates that.
NAMBLA ** sigh ** If all else fails, tie homosexuality to pedophilia. Is that it? BTW, there is plenty of heterosexual pedophilia around. Just sayin'
You have to possess quite a cynical view of humanity to assert that gay people at the time of their death are agitating and promoting their "trendy" lives. I'd call that assertion outright hateful.
What bile?  Lemme guess you're going to try and skirt the issue by declaring anyone with a differing opinion as anti-gay?  Climbing on top of someone and holding them down against their will seems like a lot more than  harassment but go ahead and ignore that because the predator is using the situation to come out of the closet.
"...all those who have sexual relations outside of valid marriage, whether they are heterosexual or homosexual, should not receive Holy Communion unless they repent, go to confession and amend their lives."  Presumably this also includes the clergy? Or do they just go to confession, and after mass go back to their preferred practice each time? heterosexual sin, homosexual sin, paedophilia, embezzlement, co-ercion, collusion with the sinner priest each time he confesses the same grievous sins ...  It seems that the practise is that when clergy behaviour is a scandal 'repentance' sets them free to exploit their absolute power again and again. And of course 'reparation' is ignored. What a holy example to follow!
"Homosexuality is innate and cannot be changed" ======== I not sure how gays and lesbians feel about having their feelings, their desires, their sexual choices, and their hopes reduced to...."they have no control over any of those things." Isn't that a bit condescending?
"a kid's word"??  You clearly haven't thought this one thru.  That kid is going to have to live as a girl 24/7.  That means hair, makeup, clothes, the whole bit.  No hanging with the guys.  No male sports.  Not to mention that they've removed themselves from the hetero dating pool, pretty much permanently.  And that's not considering the abuse they'll receive from their former male friends.  Words like gay, fag and freak come to mind - and those are the milder ones.  And then there's the little matter of abuse - a significant percentage of transgendered individuals are the victims of assault.
The irony is that the modern leftist university fascists think they are fighting right wing fascism by embodying the very fascism they think they are fighting.   Milo has never been racist, misogynist, homophobic or intolerant but he is hated because he is conservative, despite being gay. How utterly delusional the left has become with its own fake virtues.
These intolerance's are about disgust. Nazi's were disgusted by the Jews. Muslims are disgusted by infidels. In Canada many Christians are disgusted by drug users, sex before marriage, gays even free speech. Religion breeds narcissism and disgust for the 'other.' Putting people in prison because they disgust you is not much different then violence against them. Of course, we should be disgusted by genuine crimes and violence and even look at the mirror we hold up for others.
No, the social situation, by itself,  wasn't the cause of the rape of thousands of young boys by priests.  The key factor in these rapes was that these priests were secretly gay.  If these priests weren't gay, then guess what?   There likely wouldn't have been a clerical sex abuse scandal of anywhere near the scope of what actually transpired.      But NCR and other progressives are determined to imply that the fault lies elsewhere.   The cardinals, the bishops, the Vatican, the committees, while pretending that homosexual priests weren't the principle cause of the scandal.
Grandma Walton was a lesbian, believe it or not. Ma and Pa were drunks. Poor kids.
In other news, a person with a penis  is demanding the right to attend a women's only event where nudity is common. See: http://www.metronews.ca/news/toronto/2017/06/14/women-only-spa-s-no-male-genitals-rule-ignites-transgender-debate.html
2 of my cousins are are as gay as the night is dark. They make more gay jokes than the rest of us combined.
Republicans are such predictable hypocrites. You can safely bet that whatever they are obsessed with and accusing the other side of doing is what they are actually doing. ( …private emails? check.) Take Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA), for example. Rep. Murphy is a fine, upstanding Republican with a wife and a mistress. Good red-blooded guy, who is now implicated in his girlfriend's divorce. In texts produced in connection with court proceedings, a possible pregnancy, became something to 'manage' when Murphy and his lady friend Shannon Edwards thought she might be pregnant. "And you have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week" Shannon Edwards wrote. Murphy answered her, writing, "I get what you say about my March for life messages. I've never written them. Staff does them. I read them and winced. I told staff don't write any more. I will." How long can it be before we find out McConnell is transgender?
sounds like a team of well educated lesbians who will fix the Nafta problem
republicans own these people. They brought them in in force when Reagan campaigned on getting rid of the so called welfare queen. Most every white person knew what that meant. Blacks where all are problems begins. Hating gays and Mexicans didn't come till late.   Every person that pushed and repeated the birther movement is no different than the white racist we saw last weekend. Only they aren't afraid to show it. Others hide it and say not me, but...
That's such a ludicrous retort even Cassandra from Ottawa threw up in her mouth a little bit.  Canada is caught up in the spinning vortex of liberal ethics with this level of corruption and cover-ups.  I suspect Butts just booked Justin on a flight to Moldova, to champion the rights of the 2 spirited aboriginal transgendered women.
Will be interesting to see if gay bars start profiling young Arab males.
Is there a heterosexual celebration day with parades and all? Try a little humility. Nothing proud about celebrating being gay, only vanity. My own opinion, FWIW, is that the Bible says it is wrong so therefore it is wrong. Tearing that page out does not make it right.
"What on Earth makes you think that any liberal, Democratic or otherwise, would spray-paint a black swastika in a public place?"  This isn't the first time "liberal, Democrat or otherwise" using  hateful "Nazi" graffiti has appeared in Eugene.  In February 2010 Alex Esparza, a homosexual student and co-director of the LGBTQ alliance at the U/O FAKED a Hate Crime by spray painting a swastika on the carpet of the LGBTQ Alliance office.  Esparza and other homosexuals tried to blame the Pacifica Forum group, which turned out not to be the responsible party. Many thanks to the Eugene Police Department for their investigative work which exposed Alex Esparza for this leftist evil hate crime. Also see~FBI Operation Backfire shows the Eugene-based cell of the ELF known as "The Family" from the Whiteaker neighborhood is known for their many fire-bombings and domestic terrorist acts of violence. They spray painted a lot of swastika's at their crime scenes.  Liberalism is a mental illness.
Didn't you know?  Texas has no gay or transgendered people.  Because those lifestyles are a choice and no Texan would EVER choose that!
Transgenderism is an arbitrary sex change, a lifestyle enabled by modern medicine.
Since my prostate surgery so do I, but I do it in the proper gender assigned bathroom unlike the mentally deficient phony group calling themselves "trans people". You are as you came into the World, and even assignment surgery does not change fact to fiction.
Hey military hater, join up, become a REAL MAN, are you a transgender freak? military does not want you; not sorry.  be quiet............................ :)
What you are actually saying is that the myriad of gay guys, the leather men, drag queens and  and jocks of Church St, the people who founded Gay Pride 35 years ago,  are in reality a  hate filled bunch of sick racists.  That is the accusation made by BLM in 2016, against  the gay white men of Toronto and you agree with them.    If Pride dies will you blame BLM ? Certainly not because  you will lame the gay  men of Toronto.    Pride is being crushed under the jack boot of fascist army called BLM. and you are telling me its from my own good?  I was at the very first Gay Pride  in 1981 and have attended every year since. It is sad to see the institution being destroyed by mendacious  and selfish people of BLM with  the fawning approval of  the media and coward politicians.
This insistence on referring to those who are in loving same-sex unions as sinners is truly bizarre.  In the times of Jesus, lepers were considered to be such.  Thankfully, we have evolved past that.  Is it not high time that we evolve past this idiocy of considering persons who are in same-sex relationships as being sinners?
Allies are important for any marginalized community to have. I was a gay rights activist for 20 years, and some of our biggest allies came from other movements like the women's rights movement, anti-racism movement, labour movement and the peace movement. It's really great to now see corporations supporting us, as well as religious  groups and governments. Lots of straight people attend the Pride Parades to join us in celebration.  While much progress has been made over the decades, we should never forget that homophobia still exists in our society, and thee are still many people (albeit a small minority), who would take away our freedoms and rights if they ever had the chance. We must all be vigilant and confront homophobia where ever and when ever it rears its ugly head.
It's just a continuation of them agitating and promoting their trendy lives: denying without repentance the Church's teaching, then demanding to be served and praised in death.  It's like the homosexuals showing up at the Christian bakery.  It's an attack.
Hey Jack Phillips, show me where in the Bible Jesus ever said anything about gay people.  Too many Christians don't seem to have ever actually read the Bible.  It takes a lot of convoluted logic that has been debated as to actual meaning over and over again for the past, at least, 40 years to find any support for the current USA Christian anti-gay bigotry.   The Bible is ambiguous on gay people.  It is not ambiguous about Jesus who it describes as the most saintly person to ever live and seems to have loved everyone purely and defended those downtrodden against hate mongers.  Likewise, there is little ambiguity in the Bible about other rules that homophobic Christians don't seem to care about one hoot:  does Mr. Phillips make cakes for people who violate the sabbath, eat pork, use the Lord's name in vain?  Please stop trying to hide behind religion doctrine that is made up.  Let's call a homophobe a homophobe not a Christian.
And there you go. THIS is why that baker in Lakewood must sell cakes to same sex couples or get out of business. Now another bigot hiding behind Jesus is discriminating against gay couples.
No, it was saying that a "thinking person" -- and you specifically exclude liberals from that group -- would deny Catholic burial to gays. It certainly came across to me as homophobic.
Most people who are against some other person's personal choices are usually gay/lesbian themselves. Why would anyone care who someone else has sex with?
Need reliable evidence that they talked about gay oral sex in your daughter's class. Your word is not to be trusted. I'll believe that they talked about gay relationships, but I'm not inclined to believe that got into pornographic details. My guess is you use hyperbole to make your points, as you know of no other way. Oh, and cover your daughters eyes, ears, and groin area till she's 25. Judging by your comment, your daughter probably knows more than you regarding a wide range of subjects; but, sadly, children don't get to choose their parents.
Are you high??? Selling someone a cake?  Refusing to sell some a cake because it is for a gay wedding is no different from selling someone a cake because it is for a mixed race wedding or a Muslim wedding or any other kind of wedding.  IT IS DISCRIMINATION!  Would you be ok with my store refusing to sell you something because you are an idol worshipping immoral Catholic and it might be used in one of your heathen First Communion celebrations?  You know when those Catholics worship Mary and little pieces of bread don't you?
What was that racist chant that I heard at the so-called hate free march.  Yes,  I believe it was BLACK lives matter.   Not ALL lives matter, not Arab lives matter, not muslim lives matter,   not transgender or homosexual lives matter.  Just BLACK lives matter.  There is also offense taken if you insist on ALL lives matter.   Tell me again about racism.   Blacks can exclude whites or any other group from their gatherings, but let whites try to exclude blacks from a gathering and cries of racism  ring out from coast to coast.  Tell me again about racism.  Blacks can riot and yell racist chants, but nary a word is said.  Let all blacks be nominated for an award and it is cheered as diversity, let the same group nominate all whites and it is racist.   Now I have no problem with all black gatherings or all black nominations as long as it goes both ways.
I am gay and an atheist. According to Islam, I deserve to be punished by death.  Therefore it is natural I am afraid of this ideology, ie, Islamophobe.
all the while he is accepting the sacraments from gay priests and bishops...including members of his own OD cult.    many of whom are on the downlow and getting some.
These Antifa hooligans are worse than nazis. I even did an interview with two of these  thugs in Chicago. They are violent terrorists  and revolutionaries who want to destroy America. http://mainestategop.blogspot.com/2016/09/coffee-with-communists.html They are pure evil.  GOALS OF ANTIFA 1. Demise of The United States sovereignty 2. Demise of capitalism 3. Demise of the bill of rights and the US constitution 4. The destruction of all whites through violence, forced sterilization or interacial marriage 5. the abolitiion of banks property rights 6. One world government 7. Demise of morals, religion, Christianity in particular and human freedoms 8. Complete domination by the state of personal life, economics and education 9. Abortion, homosexuality an absolute right on demand  Just to name a few
Leftwing  social justice crusaders  riot and burn campuses to express their tolerant acceptance of all people. The racist homophobic misogynist redneck conservative students are in the library studying.
"You shall love your neighbor as yourself. Unless, of course, your neighbor is gay. Him you shall loathe, and turn away." This is the gospel Paprocki is teaching.
The Lesbian commenting above is a perfect example.  They care only about themselves - no need to read the US Constitution nor accept that many of us are sickened by their actions.  A man showering in the same locker room at a pool where women and girls go to the bath room and shower??   Sick.  Call the police - there's a pervert who needs to be arrested.  Claiming that he is a she makes him a mentally ill pervert.
Did lesbians cause Hurricanes Irma and Harvey? God knows. https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/did-lesbians-cause-hurricanes-irma-and-harvey-god-knows/2017/09/08/638efbca-94bf-11e7-89fa-bb822a46da5b_story.html?utm_term=.a3ca80da5d25
"It reaffirms an instruction approved by Benedict in 2005, which said, "the church, while profoundly respecting the persons in question, cannot admit to the seminary or to holy orders those who practice homosexuality, present deep-seated homosexual tendencies or support the so-called 'gay culture.'"  Same sh*t, different flies.
Yeah, but no bonus points just for being a sexual predator... plenty of those all around unfortunately. I'm trying to think of an analogous hypocritical situation as the anti-gay politician boinking men on the side, but I'm having trouble... maybe a Green candidate who secretly eats slices of bologna off her lover's backside?
Gay pornography?
It's no longer alleged.  And it was more than drugs.  There was gay sex going on in groups.  Horrendous.  Pray for these souls, who lead so many astray.
People know that a large percentage of the clergy are gay. These guidelines make the Church look ridiculous and dishonest. And the ones attributed to Benedict are clearly from a man filled with self loathing and in deep denial. He pontificated on all of this while wearing Dorothy's ruby slippers.   But at least the seminaries will be greener places and they'll plant trees. They'll probably plant them in threes.
Your true agenda is that superiority attitude I see among "Christian" white males  What is that "Traditional value", was it whites live here and blacks live there.  Was it I'm a Christian and your a Muslim, and your religion isn't REALLY a religion.  Was it I'm not gay so I'm better than you, and if your gay your a sinner? Your superior attitude was tried by a country called Germany.  Didn't work.
You're saying your god doesn't believe in abortion? Really? Read the old testament. He orders his minions to kill every man, woman (including pregnant ones) and child (except for the virgin girls!) so many times. He's a psycho. He made homosexuality because to christians he made us all.  In the new testament Jesus does not follow the old rules. Remember an eye for an eye? He changed it to turn the other cheek. Jews stoned people but Jesus didn't. He actually stopped a stoning. Telling them those without sin can continue to stone her.  I'd suggest you read how the bible was put together and when. I did that after Prevo start thumping his bible to keep gay discrimination going. I keep meaning to thank him for helping me become an athiest.
Allowing perverted young males posing as transgenders to have access to female bathrooms will also have "consequences".  Rapes or suicides, what's your choice?
I never made a choice to be straight, just like my brother never made a choice to be gay.  It's just who we are.  If god hates gays so much, why does he keep making so many of them?      More power to you, friend.
I'm not gay, just slutty, where's my parade
Yes! 👏👏👏👏 They want to get rid of gay marriage & abortion so badly that they're willing to let the country burn as long as they can get their way.
Nice.  I bet you are one of those people who want tolerance for gays, minorities, and everything else but yet you have no problem cutting down someone who offers a prayer. Pathetic.
There is no Pride anymore, only Shame. She is a hate filled racist and homophobe. She hates the gay white men who created Pride in the first place and is determine to steal it for her own political ends. If the thousands of gay men of Toronto stop supporting Pride she will hate them even more. All she will do is destroy it entirely if she stays on this path of bigotry and division.
Tell that to your legal marijuana dealer while you're filling out the paperwork to get your gay marriage license and talking on the phone to your mom or grandma about her Social Security checks and Medicare.
Then why do homosexuals love to broadcast the fact that they are performing unnatural sex acts?
Let's fac it .  The Dutch have reason to be less than thrilled to be swarmed by Muslim immigrants. The new comers have been violent, demanding and damaging to the otherwise tolerant fabric of Dutch society. Everybody but Muslims  get along and it happens everywhere. The gays of Amsterdam  are particularly unsafe, being attacked and assaulted by Muslim men enforcing sharia law.  Theo van Gogh was a gay man defending his right to live as such, and not some fascist right wing monster, as Islamic apologists would have you think.
Part 8  Unfortunately, in that medieval world it was incorrectly assumed that our human sexual instinct was exclusively heterosexual, and thus homosexual activity was a perverted, freely chosen activity contrary to our natural heterosexual instincts, and therefore homosexual activity was condemned. And since the distinction between sexual orientation and sexual activity did was not made, homosexuality as such was judged to be unnatural, perverted, an interference with our sexual instincts reaching their natural final cause in potentially procreative heterosexual activity.
You say NYT accuses Trump of 1) racism, 2) sexism, 3) authoritarianism 4) homophobia. Maybe they do that because: 1)Trump spent three years fomenting the ugly lie of the "birther" movement, and called Mexicans "rapists and criminals." 2) The the "grab 'em by the p****y"president has been clear about his approach to women.   3) Trump told a rally: “Nobody knows the system better than me,  which is why I alone can fix it” 4) Trump recently attended the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s “Road to Majority” conference, where he said he would “promote and protect family values” and “ protect religious liberty in America.” The Faith and Freedom Coalition is an anti-LGBTQ group that vocally opposes same-sex marriage, and has even joined a campaign against gay Boy Scouts of America leaders, in the name of their interpretation of the Bible. Quit blaming the media for presenting this President as a disgrace. Trump's record speaks for itself.
"There were nearly 900 hate incidents across the U.S. in the 10 days following the election, a report released last month by the Southern Poverty Law Center found. Those attacks include vandals drawing swastikas on a synagogue, schools, cars and driveways; an assailant beating a gay man while saying the “president says we can kill all you faggots now”; and children telling their black classmates to sit in the back of the school bus.  In nearly 40 percent of those incidents, the SPLC found, people explicitly invoked the president-elect’s name or his campaign slogans."  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/president-donald-trump-racist-examples_us_584f2ccae4b0bd9c3dfe5566
Ummm... I think we got our wires crossed somewhere. When I referenced his private affairs I meant his home and marriage etc. If Dean doesn't want to marry a black woman, disowns a gay son, or wont let a Jew in his home that's his business. If Dean wants to block certain people from public accommodations like pools or restrooms or refuse service to someone because they belong to a minority group he dislikes then no, he no longer gets to claim a right to free association and the courts should absolutely step in.
How about the LGBTQH and P's that should cover all the bases and only the animals can complain that they are left out. I am sure there is some group that feels slighted so lets abolish sports all together.
I'm never surprised when people who imagine themselves to be decent and devout are exposed as hypocrites, making no real effort to  live up to the most generous tenets of their faith. But I am surprised that so many in the gay community still care to belong to religions that treat them so terribly.
Homosexuality in Islam is punishable by death.  So is being an infidel.
The Sultan of Oman is gay, and had ruled for 50 odd years.
Funny that you haven't mentioned the Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
You mean like the non existent genome  that makes a person chose homosexuality  then claiming they were born that way? Let science prove it other than the "safe zone" fools who have been brainwashed by their drug rendered personal gratification fools for parents who now demand that  any opposing view  is discrimination. That born different scenario?
The MSM has for years gotten away of malignant name calling and fake narratives.  Republicans meekly turn the other cheek.  Remember the MSM always portrays republican presidents and candidates as idiots,  racists, bigots, homophobes, religious nuts mean greedy rich people.  Now someone dishes it back and the MSM are apoplectic.
Yes, extremism. Within Christianity, plenty of denominations have no issue with gay people (Episcopals, Lutherans, Presbyterians, Methodists, UCC, MCC, even some non-denominational these days). If your church is bigoted toward certain people, it's extreme. Nothing more than using religion to spread hatred and bigotry.
After years of rightfully fighting for inclusiveness and tolerance, it seems LGBTQ should be extended to be LGBTQH so that "hypocrites" is rightfully included in their name. They have become all that they disdained in the past.
Calm down liberals.  Trump isn't going to trample on women's rights, civil rights, gay rights, or implement slavery........after all..... he isn't practicing radical islam.
And such a great example for our kids...Stellar. Have you bothered to research the rate of promiscuity within the homosexual community ?
Be fair - after they lost on the same sex marriage front they had to find someone else to discriminate against and they've managed to find an even more marginalized and misunderstood group.
John, a man is gay if he WANTS to have sex with other men. It does not matter if he engages in sexual acts with other men. That part is a choice: to be openly gay or not. A gay man who pretends to be straight is still a gay man.
if the City does not cut funding  then we the taxpayers of that funding should BOYCOTT the parade  Pride Toronto is totally incompetent with public money  first there was  QUAIA (Queers Against Israeli Apartheid)  now Black Lives Matter  what do they have to do with Pride's mandate - gay pride, gay rights?
vegan lesbians versus reproductive carnivores  sounds  like a  good movie title
Really Mike?  Maybe they don't do that so they can avoid paying 18 years of child support for a one night fling.  Men need to get beyond the call of their genitals.  It would help things immensely whether they were gay or straight.
Cruelty. In the name of God.Yes, let's give our ordained sexual predators a decent and honorable burial, but not THOSE people. And let's publicly humiliate the surviving spouse or partner while we're at it. Pre-meditated cruelty. It's likely that the authors of such a cruel policy are themselves self-loathing, dysfunctional gay men. This is why I no longer belong to a Catholic congregation.
They choose to engage in sodomy over sex.  That's why "sexual preference" was the term that the homosexual movement tried first.
If someone is going to appeal to the masses, Catholic and non-Catholic to change church teaching, it should be the Pope.  What if Martin were challenging transubstantiation, claiming that the bread and wine were merely symbolic?  That's an easy one to get the secularists and cafeteria Catholics on board to believe.  Where would the Pope be on that?  In essence, Martin is taking on the entire Catholic Church single-handedly (with, no doubt, a strong cabal of the gay mafia backing him), appealing to the secularists and Protestants, making claims that there is some issue with the existing compassion that the Church has for people with same-sex attraction.  It is an attack on the Church, a claim that the Church has done nothing to help those with same-sex attraction.  He is like Judas, betraying the Church and appealing to the mob, and the Pope is allowing it.
The Christian terrorism fueled by the nationwide televangelist tax scofflaws continues. More threat from priests and preachers in their churches than any transgendered individual relieving him/her self. Disgusting.
Lets address all the LIES in this article: 1.We do NOT identify with the Westboro Baptist Church. We REBUKE those fools. The reporter was told this and yet lied in this article. 2.We are not "anti-gay" We oppose the sin of homosexuality just as God does.We love homosexuals enough to tell them the truth about salvation in Christ and warn them of the judgment of their sin if they do not repent. 3.We are not "protesters" or "activists". Those are political terms and apparently some reporters are too ignorant to understand the difference between religion and politics.Or they are blatantly biased and ceded their journalistic professionalism for the sake of editorializing. 4. There were not "20" people involved. There were two of us (the rest of our group had to leave for another outreach) There were about 6-8 of the homosexuals who dragged off our cross and stomped on it and assaulted us in the process. The police would have no idea how many there were as they had left and were not there.
Yes, let's just put our all attention on the bishops, and ignore the fact that most of the child rapes were done by gay men.
He also frequently wrote that there was a gay mafia in the priesthood which should have been rooted out.  What's your point?
Freaking libtard that's all this gay boy is....hilabeast lost get over it.....Husain oblama was pathetic America spoke .....go sit in the back of the bus and move on losers
Well, let's imagine I create a new religion where I state the following in my holy book: - my religion is going to take over the world - anyone who does not believe in my religion is an infidel and should be killed (unless that person converts to what I believe) - anyone who joins my new religion then leaves it should be put to death - anyone who draws a picture of my prophet or insults my prophet should be put to death - my prophet was divinely inspired when having sex with his nine-year old "wife" - anyone who is gay should be put to death - a woman is worth less than a man  Could I then condemn those who disagree with me as being "phobic" about my faith?   Or, to put it another way, must we be tolerant of intolerance?
Show me any Imam that says homosexuals, women, and Atheists are equal to Muslim men...and I'll show you an Imam with a Fatwa on him...
that rounding up the homeless/mentally ill  people and then determining where they go ...............scary words and ideas  ...sounds like part of the Nazi agenda .. jews, mentally ill, homosexuals, gypsies, , et al.  got  pretty raw deal...
The Catholic Church can not change teaching or doctrine on homosexuality  It's wrong . A sin  End of discussion  Loser  Now your bullied are you okay
Let me count the ways I am NOT surprised by this: 1. Clinton's accepted $15 million from Saudia Arabia, a country that kills gay people & treats women like property; 2. They've amassed the largest fortune from political careers ever - "You cannot get rich in politics unless you're a crook" - Harry Truman; 3. She is married to a proven sexual predator; 4. "What Happened" book tour again ALL about money, when intelligent people understand she lost (again) simply due to the aforementioned numbered reasons, which had ZERO to do with Russia, Comey, Macedonian's, Fake News, Misogyny, or any of her other excuses.
islam and muslims have a dimmer view of gays and women, but, unlike milo, they practice what  they preach. as far as i know, milo has not incited violence, promoted hatred, or acted against the groups he rails against. the market cut him down, which is difficult to do with legislation. he did leave us with one good quote that the snowflakes should remember: "f... your feelings."  that said, I am glad he's gone.
Lol, i love when people talk like this, not raging at you gary, but. It shows how ignorant you are. You can't just become transgender. There is soooo much you have to do, and prove. Years, even decades can pass before everything is done.
He not in violation of the law if he offers the same service to all. He offers a different service to gays.  That is like making blacks sit in the back of the bus.
Show your facts.   No screening would be going backward from today's screening, you're delusional.       I'm not concerned that Hillary would make homosexulaity a crime, or allow American Muslims to discriminate against women or gays.   If they live in this country then they follow American Civil law, she has never suggested otherwise.  You on the other hand supported businesses that discriminate against gay people based on their Christian religion.     http://www.dictionary.com/browse/hypocrite
These East European males who persecute gays are morally odious and that includes Putin. The way that guy struts around playing macho man is nauseating.  Anyway, it's great of Canada to make this gesture towards people who are horribly oppressed.
As I've said many times before, sodomy is mostly practiced by heterosexuals, so there are, by far, way more heterosexual sodomites out there than there are homosexual ones. And the legal definition of sodomy, by the way, includes oral sex, just so you know.
Fr. Martin will probably not lose hope. Unfortunately the same cannot be said for countless gay Catholic youth who, upon realizing where the church really stands with regard to their lives, will simply walk away because of this controversy, as have so many countless others before them, never to be seen or heard from again. Sadly, that's just the way some "faithful Catholics" want it.
Not to worry, most gay people have long since fled the Roman Catholic Church, being fully aware of the way nearly all R.C. bishops, including the Bishop of Springfield, feel about them. Like most sane people, they know that only an insane person would want to sup with people who hate them, believe them to be second-class citizens worthy only of contempt, and who otherwise wish them to go away. So go away they have, taking the next generation of LGTB people with them. And the next, and the next. Soon the bishops will only be speaking in theoretical terms. Wait, come to think of it, they already are. One day the church will need gay people to come back to church so the church can "prove" that it's not homophobic and preserve what's left of its tattered reputation. But that ship has long since sailed, never to return to that particular shore. Saving the church's reputation will have to fall to some other group of people.
Above Center is making a typical racist and xenophobic comment. Political Correctness has been the bugbear of the Right ever since they were forced to accept Women, Gays, and People of Colour into the political forum.  Notice we are "a Nation" according to Above Center.  No longer One Country/Two Nations. Or even a Mosaic of Nations. And what are these code words "ideas & innovation"? How are we being held back by "political correctness"? Oh, right, because Liberals won't approve those pipelines. Hahaha.
Oh, for God's sake, pork is not a protected class. You really stretched your imagination to come up with that one.   Honestly, I've not seen Muslims' refusing service to gays.  The Muslims I know have no problem with gays.  It's their governments that are homophobic.  I cannot believe the number of gays in Tehran!
Currently candidates to the priesthood are required to be celibate.  Thus it matters not whether they are straight, gay, or polka-dotted.  They are to refrain from all sexual activity.  I understand we have a serious shortage of priests.  Eliminating the gay ones, from priest to pope, is going to work havoc on the numbers.
"Jonnie Austen is a stage name that I used when I was an actor in L.A." so you are also gay?
Yes they would, then they could oh so self righteous about how depraved all homosexuals are and this just proves it!
The baker wants to be legally allowed to discriminate.  If he is successful people will be able to not serve say black people and say it is because of religious views. That could be easily done by quoting bible verses.  How is the baker injured by making a cake for a gay wedding? He is offended?  The baker could stop making wedding cakes or move to a state where discrimination against gays is allowed. He should not agree in writing to obey laws when he knows he will not do that. That is hypocritical.
And since Thomas Aquinas never observed animals having gay sex in the wild homosexuality never made it into the annals of natural law theory.
FACT:  Islam condemns homosexuality and it is punishable by death.
You probably made your son uncomfortable because you couldn't get behind something as noble as the scout pledge. The gay agenda sued and did everything they could to force their way into scouting for the same reason they admittedly forced their way into the institution and covenant of marriage ...to ruin it
"The priest represents the Bridegroom Christ to his Bride the Church" "Represents"? So Jesus is not in the Church? Heresy.  If Jesus is intrinsic to church, then S/He is either sexually polymorphic, hermaphrodyte, transgender (and engaged in a sexual act - symbolic or otherwise that is anathema in thought let alone in deed) If not, there is no "Mystical Body", or is there?  Joseph Card.Ratzinger "taught" that the sexual description - as per Bride/Bridegroom, is "more than metaphor". So you call it "analogous"! You also deviate from authoritative teaching.  Any sensible person with a modicum of intelligence would eschew the muddle of mixed metaphors, intrinsically contradictory analogies let alone accuse anyone else of being devoid of any "meaningful" theological knowledge or perspective.  All these analogies (and metaphors) do not a faith support.  Who ever said that faith is built upon reason?
“The Enemy Isn’t Religion, It’s Homophobia”.  I disagree, Todd.  My great grandfather was Muslim via Morocco.  The alleged shooter was a Radical Muslim who slaughtered innocent people -- gays, transgenders, and straights. He even gunned down a mother of 11 or 12 children. He spared no one.  Harsh but these homophobic murderous Radical Muslims must be exterminated before they slaughter my gay fam and friends. When more of these homophobic murderous Radical Muslims who want all gays and transgenders to be dead return, they must be exterminated too. #LGBTQFlorida
What does having a gay husband have anything to do with it?
Considering a govt can get elected with only 39% of the popular vote eliminating the views of 20% of the population is just stupid.  Transgendered people represent less than 1% of the population so from your comment they can be ignored as well.
is  Justin Gay ?
It's ironic that a Catholic bishop is asking the legislators for so-called protection from being forced to marry same-sex couples when the Catholic priests across the world are sexually assaulting children.  Take the beam out of thine own eye bishop  before you try and take a sliver out of a homosexual's eye.  There must  be laughter in Heaven and Hell.
Dear Premier:  Do not live under sharia law in Iran.  They hang homosexuals there.
Animals having "gay' sex? You mean there are "gay" animals.  So, when they're not "doing it" they do other things like go to Madonna concerts?
Really?   Gay males account for about 3- 6% of the male population.     In 2014, gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men accounted for 83% of primary and secondary syphilis cases.  Gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men are 17 times more likely to get anal cancer than heterosexual men. Doh.  Gay and bisexual men accounted for 67% (26,376) of all HIV diagnoses in 2015.  From the CDC....  https://www.cdc.gov/msmhealth/STD.htm  This is a national health crisis that negatively and unnecessarily impacts every American.... including you Jimbo.  The gay lifechoice is as deadly as smoking cigarettes.
The business owner need not stock gay cake toppers.
hey ignorant one, there is NO SUCH THING as transgendered... no phenomenon, ITS A MENTAL CONDITION , and it is clearly not science
Prophesies suggest that Jesus' return will be prompted by the rise of Satan.  Since God is all powerful, it makes sense that he would orchestrate this; at least as much sense as anything else.  I didn't coin the term "homosexual mafia."  And while some estimates of homosexual priest are as high as 60%, I'm not sure why that sounds wacko to you.
I am gay and I am offended by the stupidity of the matter. We use qu^^r, f@g and other worse words on ourselves all the time. It is our PRIDE.  What hypocrites are we that  one person may say a word and another person may not.  If one may,  all may. The same applies to all racial and cultural groups who proudly use descriptive words with each other but then are outraged when others do the same.  It's all an act.
The difference is that Trump is a heterosexual and Justin is gay.  If Trump was homo, no one would care about any of his perceived sexual degeneracy, it would be a given. To question a gay man's sex life, or worse, to look down one's nose at so-called degenerate behavior of a gay man, would certainly invite cries of outrage. But because Trump is hetero, well he can be called all sorts of nasty names.  When Bill Clinton is accused of impropriety, he gets the gay friendly treatment somehow. Perhaps he is an honorary member of the club because he is such a notorious sex addict that they figure he fits right in with the promiscuous culture that is LGBT.   So, gay journalists like CNN's Anderson Cooper, talk down their nose at the degenerate behavior of Trump, meanwhile, he is part of the highest percentage of demographic that makes up child molesters.
Top 10 countries were gay people could be executed for being gay, and many have, were Islamic countries.  Yet Chris says "evangelicals have nasty views".    Textbook definition of false equivalency.
Ms Clinton is a pathological liar.  Here's just a few of her whoppers ...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLtxm3v6KwY  She was also rabidly against gay marriage before she so conveniently was for it ...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83rQ7W0OrBM
What do other countries do about this ? Or is it just the US that has this transgender nonsense?
Well if the Old & New Testament supported slavery, it was without a doubt the right thing to do!  Like killing one's own son, or stoning homosexuals.
Oz  Islamists kill more Muslims, homosexuals, repress and genitally mutilate  more women than do all other peoples put together. Islamists terrorize and for the purpose of media & internet coverage behead, burn and torture other Muslims who are considered to 'liberal', Jews and 'Westerners'. Is it 'phobic' to be afraid of these people? Is it irrational fear 'radical' mullahs in Canada, the USA, the UK and continental Europe who preach and encourage this form of hate? How many Jews in Canada or Israel  behead and burn, are homophobic, etc?  German so-called 'Christians' killed 6 million Jews in WWII - or are you a Holocaust denier? Where's the parallel? Or are you also an "anti-Zionist" (code for anti-Jew). I say anti-Jew rather than anti-Semitic because Arabs are Semites. Or are you a naive pup like Trudeau or worse, a willing fellow-traveller like one of the other more active SJW apologists who posts regularly on this forum?
Phyllis Shoofly gave birth to a homosexual.  When Shoofly couldn't defend how she wound up with a homosexual child, she squared her shoulders and gave that plastic crooked grin.  And God said to Shoofly, "Deal with it.  For you nor man  shall not alter what I have created."
Nazism wants to eradicate all non-white races. This is a call to violence and an attempt to incite violence against those groups.  I do not disagree that we should allow everyone the ability to say what they want, up until it calls openly for the death of other people. That is against the law and that is what the nazis are doing. They want to kill all jews, blacks, and LGBTQ persons, oh yeah and anyone else they might have beef with that day.  So yes if you defend the words the Nazis are speaking then you are a nazi sympathizer and are equal to the nazis.  If you are defending their right to speak openly about it, then I agree, however only to the point where the start calling for the death of fellow Americans.  We(as a nation) collectively get pissed off when N. Korea kills one kid, or when ISIS says they will destroy our country, but we cannot be upset a bunch of nazi larpers want be able to openly call for ethnic cleansing the USA. That is silly. They are calling for mass murder.
Before the hyper-sensitive folks took over the country, gay jokes were actually considered funny. And they still are, as long as you're not completely immune to off-color humor.
"men dressed as nuns"  When will we see young gay Muslim men participating in the Pride Parade dressed in the feminine religious garb of their own religion?
Congratulations Klastri, 1 state down and only 49 to go for HitLIARy to make it in 2020! May Bill Clinton's and Anthony Weiner's mojo be with you! LOL   Hey check out this hilarious video of a whitey Democrat telling future Mexican Democrats to shut up. LMAO https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmkbtWTJBew  Better yet, check out this hilarious video of a whitey Democrat telling the country she does not support gays like you... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVDzUWetslg
Democrats have given millions of US jobs to illegal aliens and are now importing thousands of young Syrian Muslim males who, under Sharia law, treat women like dogs, believe homosexuality is punishable by death, and that all "infidels" must convert to Islam or die.  If illegal immigrants can find work so easily in America, why can't young black males?  Maybe Paul Scott knows.  Why would any woman, black or LGBT vote for a Democrat?  Along with the Kennedy brothers, Bill Clinton is among the biggest womanizers in American history.
Religion is a crutch for the ignorant masses of humanity. Indoctrination centers and molestatoriums are what they are. Jerry is most likely a closet cross dressing homosexual. Me think he doth protest to much....lol
They used to say that about gay people too. ("stop that nonsense") I've always thought conservatives starting coming out against transgender rights only because they were mad they lost the gay marriage battle. Funny how they whinge on about keeping women and children "safe," but when a football player rapes a woman or fellow student, suddenly it's "her fault!" (eg Stubenville). I don't know if this will keep women safe or not; but I do know it's the right who's more likely to debase women who have been assaulted ("Her fault!" "She lied"!). The stench of hypocrisy is overwhelming.
The Church's treatment of gay people?  The Church was the biggest employer of gay people in history.   Countless thousands of gay men were allowed to be monks and priests, in the faith that celibacy could be maintained.  Then came the sex abuse revelations, with 4 out of 5 cases being that of gay priests raping boys.     Seems to me you side is the one that owes our side an apology.
In a just world, the headline should be: POPE FRANCIS: NO GAY PRIESTS since these guidelines were issued with his approval and "Pope Francis has reconfirmed most members of the Congregation for Clergy and named three new members. The prefect of the Congregation for Clergy -- the office responsible for the formation, ministry and life of priests and deacons -- is Italian Cardinal Beniamino Stella, whom Pope Francis appointed in September 2013." (NCR)
It should be noted that, of all the followers of belief systems, Muslims seem to be the most homosexual phobic. - yet Trudeau grovels on his belly to pander to the Muslim vote - it will backfire as Muslims are not pleased with Trudeau making a spectacle of himself at Pride Parades, supporting pro-choice, gay marriage etc -
Why should Trump receive a "pat on the back" for enforcing equal protection for the LGBT community?  Trump's too far from the eight ball to receive any pat on the back.  A swift kick in the butt perhaps.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say the vast majority of Americans are not in favor of transgenders serving. Obumbler's policy change was stupid.
Jews who supported Trump are as loathsome as gays like Peter Thiel or transgendered people like Caitlyn Jenner who did so. I have no use for any of them.
Alceste, and that is why Gay Pride in Canada should be concerned with this  and not Queers for Israeli Apartheid Black Lives Matter
"Trudeau was portrayed by the Harper Conservatives as too young. The Conservatives ran relentless television ads saying he was “just not ready."  They turned out to be right on the money. A young man who won for his last name only. Not ready then, not ready now. Where's is he anyway, last time I knew he was traveling all over Europe, handing out huge amounts of canadian money, to  dubious feminist, gay and muslim causes. Where's he now?
Is he transgender? I don't know. He takes hormones but no gender re-assignment clinic would accept this guy for transition because he refuses to live as an adult female (mental health is evaluated when you transition surgically). I doubt that he is so much an "embarrassing" example for the LGBT community as one you can get your teeth around and relish because you condemn the idea, period. You realize that many LGBT people have also denounced him as a hoax? His fetishes seem more sexual than anything else--wanted to have sex on "daddy's" lap, etc. Not a good sign.   I don't know if Jenner is a narcissist. Because she is also a celebrity and comfortable with attention, it's hard to tell. You can't judge all transgendered people on the basis of celebrities. All I know is that the REAL transgendered people I have met convinced me that they were meant to be the gender they were living as. In one instance I was duped for years. . . that's how real she was. She was more feminine that I was!
Surprisingly there is mention of any dialogue about US access to Canada's transgender washrooms.
DC, I'll let the Koran speak for itself on homosexuality:  https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/quran/homosexuality.aspx "Islam goes beyond merely disapproving of homosexuality. Sharia teaches that homosexuality is a vile form of fornication, punishable by death."  As far as your insinuation goes about others posting, I find it reprehensible.
T.S., well said, but you're being too kind when you never once mention the word 'Catholic.' The church in 2016 was supposed to pay 25 million to help survivors but it got off on a technicality. The gang is still at it: some bishops ask Catholic girls not to get the HPV vaccine; many still anti-gay; women can never be priests--and it all gets pretty toxic this stuff in poorer countries. The worldwide sexual assaulting priest scandals...sigh.
Are you seriously calling the abuse of thousands of young people"fun for the gay clergy"?  What a totally disgusting comment!
The Boeing plant in the 'Peg should have a gay pride parade. That'll get the PM's attention.
I can understand why clergy fight so hard on this issue. Conceding to real natural law means that papally-approved natural law assured to be error free would fall. In this case, the natural order would be shredded as well as a concept (no more Catholic relativism). Finally, it would lead to the rethinking of everything sexual from masturbation to pre-marital sex, to continence and celibacy (both) to what they fear most - female ordination and parish elections for deacon administrators and elected bishops. They have finessed Masturbation and turn mostly a blind eye to cohabitation, but unless they start quietly blessing gay marriages (which Catholic hospitals now honor), they are about to eat a big bite of humble pie regarding the state of doctrinal formation. What are all the weak of faith who mistake certainty for trust in God to do?
No he shot someone so he shouldn't be free. He should be locked up like He is for the next decade. You holla like its no big deal but what if it was your little brother who was shot? Then your dumb ass wouldnrlt be screaming free ace g or whatever gay nickname he has. That is the lamest gangster name ever. Do you think that name scares people? Ace clown is what i will now call him
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI! - White male conciousness is rising.
Well Thomas I'm not gay (not that there is anything wrong with that) but I'd rather be in bed with Putin than Freeland.
Any argument that prefixes Antonin Scalia with "the great" rather than "that idiotic moron" is pretty much on a downhill slope to "getting everything wrong".  Hell, he wasn't even smart for his own overt bias. The man undermined the conservative movement more efficiently than any liberal jurist ever had... and he did it by accident.  I speak off course of his dissent in a 2008 gay rights case. The plaintiffs had argued that the surviving spouse of a legal same-sex marriage in one state has the right to continue claiming from his husband's state pension fund after moving to a state where that marriage was not legal or recognized. They won the case but Scalia wrote a writhing dissent arguing that it would lead to gay marriage being legalized across the nation - and outlining the exact set of cases that could allow this outcome to happen.  Inadvertently writing the textbook that led to Obergefell. Gay folks did EXACTLY what he advised them to do.
Gays can serve but not trans gendered folks...  that's the definition of discrimination and hypocrisy.
Take it up with the cat lobbyist. Hawaii's animal shelters can't handle the amount of ferals and the second cat people sniff out anything involving euthanasia of ferals they'll import protestors from the mainland. The debacle will be as large and vocal as the gay marriage bill.
What's weird is the must be gay accusation only plays to right wingers.
Ironically, the German's guilt relates to the extermination of jews and homosexuals yet they are trying to  assuage their guilt by letting in the very people who hate jews and homosexuals.
Are you then racist, sexist, or homophobic, or one of them, or two of them, or all of them? Name your deplorability(ies) so that we have it right out in the open for all to see.
The saddest decision i've ever read.  For 40 years the LGBTQ community work hard with the Police force (s), to get them involved in Pride events,.  And the spineless Pride Committee who have sat back and benefitted from the work of many police and members of the gay community to ensure that the Police Force has their place in Pride events.  Gone... thanks to the lack of backbone of the committee who are being held hostage by one group to the detriment of another group .  Community needs to push back on the Pride Committee to change this stupid decision.  As a gay person , very ashamed about this decision.
There are people who experience same-sex attraction, but do not refer to themselves as "gay" or "homosexual."  They consider themselves people with same-sex attraction.  Then there are those who have same-sex attraction and embrace that attraction as the defining characteristic of who they are (as in Jim McGreevy's declaration that he is a "gay American"), unrepentantly and unabashedly embracing sex acts with people of the same sex.  I know it was a loaded question, so I look forward to your reply.
I've also heard of the Church's position on masturbation.  However, I have never seen the Church financially and politically involved in stopping divorce, pre marital sex, masturbation or illicit sexual acts between heterosexual couples.  I have seen the church get politically active against abortion and birth control which effect women, and gay marriage.  Not much concern there for those poor adulterous heterosexual males.
"...recommends children as young as four be taught about "different kinds of people and families"   This say nothing about gay sex, rather, explaining why they see families and people not like their own (if they have straight cis gendered parents.)This is totally appropriate.   It also recommends that six year old kindergartners be taught to "recognize that some people have romantic relationships with people of the opposite gender."   This is about straight romantic relationships and again this is not yet about sex.   In other words, fail!
As the saying goes, liberals can never say no to a special interest.  Proof positive is the acronym LGBT...  it never stops growing.  Started out as "Gay".  Then it went to "LG". and kept on adding letters.  Another letter every year.  Heck, I can't keep up with it.  So what does the "A" stand for?  And what letter is going to be added next year?
How has the Church made gay people's lives a living hell?  Given what gay priests have done to the Church, yours seems to be the party that owes reparations.
Not just Mike but all good Catholics consider homosexual activity to be mortally sinful including oral sex. All sex outside of marriage is mortally sinful.
I think you know the difference between gay pride and white pride Outsider, but I'll bite. "White pride" has a lot of overlap with white supremacy, which has a history of terrorizing and often killing black people.   "Gay pride" is more of a celebration. I'm straight, but I would be welcomed at a gay pride event. The Scandinavian Festival is certainly a celebration of white culture, but everybody is welcome. Gay pride is like that.
OK, so-called Last Patriot, what about Catholic priests that hide behind their collar as they're raping children and they just get moved from parish to parish.  Isn't this the height of hypocrisy?  And what about the Catholic gay or lesbian church member.  Don't they have rights too?  This issue will wind back up in the US Supreme Court where it needs to be.
If what you say is true, it's pretty pathetic that the millenials main understanding about the Catholic church is its teachings on sexuality.  And ironic that the only ones talking about the Church's teachings on sexuality are secular homosexuals and feminists in the media, not the Church.  Meanwhile, countless young women are being pressured into being sexual objects by a culture that equates recreational sex with freedom and equality.  And the guys LOVE it:  No more having to take a girl out to dinner a few times to get into her pants!
"Women are not all of the same affinity any more than all men."    I never said "all" women had the exactly same interests. Is that really what you thought I meant? Really? To say there's a natural affinity among women is self-evident. If it were otherwise, there'd be no basis for Women's Studies, or "Women's Rights." Women, in general, have similar interests. As do men, in general. Your resort to arguing about a hetero man going to a gay rights parade and proclaiming his affinity to the men there is pathetic, precisely because gay men have so little affinity with men in general, the vast majority of whom are hetero. Your hypo intentionally overlooks that I was talking about men and women in general.  As to you other pathetic hypo, the Church requiring private sex acts to be ordained.  Somewhere, there IS such a church. Does it oppress you?  Your DOJ hypo doesn't work, either. I have a civil right, protected by law, not to be discriminated against for such a job.  Like priesthood?  No.
If he is an example of what it means to be a "recovering homosexual" (whatever that means. Can one be a recovering heterosexual?), then I am pleased to be a very proud UNrecovered gay man!!!
Lesbians are created not born. We will see a steady increase.
I will let all you religious experts keep arguing about what God said and meant. I only know one thing; Being Homosexual and the act of Homosexuality, is a pretty sick thing to live with. I just wish people would get help and not have to live like this. They need lots of mental theraphy, just like any other treatable mental disorder. And when the truth is know, most homosexuals have encountered some form of sexual trama in their lives.
It does not matter if you say you believe in gay rights.  You have failed to show that using religion to discriminate is a right guaranteed by the Constitution.  If I were dumb enough to agree in writing to allow you to 'come into my world and make me do things I don't want to do' then I get what I deserve, just like the baker.
Quran (7:80-84) - "...For ye practice your lusts on men in preference to women: ye are indeed a people transgressing beyond bounds.... And we rained down on them a shower (of brimstone)".  So the most intolerant and easily influenced followers of Islam feel that they have a duty to make that happen.  And the others ... are not sure.   Of course the Bible has a similar verse, but the New Testament then has a better message to love your neighbor and to love God.  And that helps considerably, for most people. Muslims are a greater danger to gay people than Christians are.  I stand with our gay brothers and sister in solidarity against Muslim terrorists.
The Clinton foundation gave out 10% globally! What about the other 90%? Oh yea they need really cool jets to go see their old friendly donor's in the middle east. Yeppers that would be the donor's who kill gays and commit atrocities against women that most people have no clue what is going on every minute of every day. If Americans were told by the media what was really going on with the Clinton Foundation Hillary would never be able to lie her way out.
This seems to be where all progressive politics and movements have been going - torn apart or consumed  by  "Identity Politics". It put Trump in the White House (while the left tore each other apart and he slide up the middle) and now is deeply involved with the Pride movement. If you stand back and look at what has happened with Pride in the last couple of years the focus has turned from moving ahead - resolving the police/LGBT issues and celebrating what we have in common rather than focusing on differences - and lets face it there will always be differences - I have been amazed that Pride with all its affiliated groups had made it this far.  Watching the parade and and also seeing the NY Pride with gay TO police was a very sad and embarrassing thing to see. I am hopeful after the last two years of BLM self promotion in Pride this will be reassessed much like Caribana's push away of this group. Inclusiveness over division.   Stop this travesty.
Was really interested to read this article after seeing headline. Then I read it. Really said nothing and covered very little. I have always admired Fr. Ruff's writings. Am surprised he linked same-sex marriage to this "movement."  Don't see connection to young priests, considering high percentage of gay priests. Music is so integral to our tradition, yet, I search in vain for a liturgy every Sunday only to be subjected to amateur pop performers. I graduated from a Catholic seminary and hold the M. Div. from the late 1980's. Many priests who are my age bracket, are mediocre litugists and homilists. Liturgy was a peripheral subject back then. I have a right to the rites but only am subjected to self-centered presiding. At least the "younger " clergy," though their clerical lording sickens me, stick to the "script."
Oh, I know a lot of gays.  In fact, several are dead from AIDS.
Are you working for the Russians? Sounds pretty fishy  - I know there are many paid Russian social media trolls, in Canada and in the US. "No persecution of gays" in Russia? Are you kidding? We do read, you know.
The law does not violate any person's beleifs. The baker was not forced to sign the business license application which states that he must abide by state laws rules and regulations. He chose to do so and then break state law.  The court said the baker “does not convey a message supporting same-sex marriages merely by abiding by the law.”  Making a vpcake for a gay wedding does not make the baker more of a sinner, ask Jesus.  A gay baker must make a cake for a heterosexual male if he offers that service to the public as a business.  Yes, it works both ways.  Why not go order a gay wedding cake from Muslim bakery? They have to make it too.
I'm watching a report on the FN at this very moment, on RDI. "The New FN voters".  It is attracting new voters, i.e. some who used to vote Left, gays who see Martine as "a down-to-Earth  Mother" who understands them and has lots of gays around her and see Islam as more of an anti-gay threat than the FN, Jews who see antisemitism now coming from young Muslims, etc. ..  This isn't her fathers' FN.
I seriously doubt that gay refugees are interested in that, given that they are fleeing anti-gay religions and cultures. Andrew --------------- what are these  anti-gay religions they are fleeing? Do these anti gay religions not also exist in Canada?
You clearly haven’t thought this one thru. That kid is going to have to live as a girl 24/7. That means hair, makeup, clothes, the whole bit. No hanging with the guys. No male sports. Not to mention that they’ve removed themselves from the hetero dating pool, pretty much permanently. And that’s not considering the abuse they’ll receive from their former male friends. Words like gay, fag and freak come to mind - and those are the milder ones. And then there’s the little matter of abuse - a significant percentage of transgendered individuals are the victims of assault.
Inclusivity anyone?I wonder what the gay cops think of this one.Western society is getting more stupid by the day.I wish I could go ahead in time about a hundred years and read about these times in which we now find ourselves.Black Lives Matter,pathetic!
No, Marty, you make it quite clear that you loathe homosexuals. You call them "immoral", and you would deny them their civil rights. No, saying that you are homophobic is simply stating a fact.  You don't like it when I state unpleasant facts about you. You don't like it when I say that you are ignorant, simply because you show ignorance of history and theology.  I will say that I was wrong to say that you take Adolf Eichmann as your role model, since you reject the magisterium on the subject of capital punishment. I should say that your call to for Catholics to follow the magisterium in all things, even though you yourself do not shows that your actual role model is Josef Goebbels.
Because at most they make up 0.3% of the population? Clearly the left is in the next phase of making traditional Western culture disappear with their propaganda and social engineering. Next phase of the destruction of the west after "Trans" is normalized will be pedophilia mark my words.
BS -- the whole "transgender" kerfluffle is a minor, barely signifying blot on the national consciousness -- twitter is a perfectly appropriate venue for announcing the ban
"Natural beauty"?? $$$ Somehow I can't see "Our Lady" participating in lesbian porn.
First, homosexuality isn't a lifestyle anymore than heterosexuality is. The way you speak about homosexuality is dishonest. If I were to paint all heterosexuals as the same, those who are married, for example, with those who engage in prostitution, promiscuity and unprotected sex I could use the same ignorant words like "lifestyle" to describe a diverse group of people: heterosexuals. Homosexuals are also a diverse group. You're doing the same thing with homosexuals and it doesn't matter if you socialize exclusively with medical professionals, to the extent they agree with your ignorant rhetoric they don't belong in the medical profession.  Minority groups, including sexual minority groups, experience discrimination in many aspects of social life and it definitely has an impact on disease and mortality. The bigotry of people like you contributes to this state of affairs.
What else would you expect from miniature human & racist southern troglodyte Sessions? He's a 1st class racist, KKK lap-dog, Trumpanzee and massive coward. I' sure he spends half his paid time sucking on Dondi's appendage & his back door. This gang of filth is ruining this once-great nation...racism, white supremacy, hate, bigotry, lies & bleached-hair orange homos, the gang is repulsive & pathetic. I hope they all are tortured & lynched in public. Hang 'em high!
The teachers are pawns of an organized leftist government group.  Those old ladies are long gone.  The schools are filled with children teaching children under the direction of homosexual activists, globalist, and socialists.
So Spacey is basically saying it's not sexual harassment because he is gay?  How come an unqualified apology is so hard for people these days?
A few strips of bacon are far less harmful than the  things said in the mosques by impassioned Imams to the attentive Muslims who believe every word about exterminating Jews,  subjugating women,  gays and infidels
The gay newspapers and blogs are ALL running the story (quelle suprise!)  The secretary of the Cardinal (who the Card. had recently recommended for promo to bishop) was holding the "all male soiree" in his Vatican apartment, but the reason he was arrested was the huge cache of drugs he was also dealing out of the apartment.  Card C. is the Head of the Pontifical Council for Legislative texts; but the apartment is actually owned by the Con­gregation for the Doctrine of the Faith — the department charged with, among other things, tackling clerical sexual abuse.  Can't wait to see how the trads and the retros try to spin this.
Real problems are too difficult... Next up...transsexual perverts in the Washroom!
Why not?    Gay men  want to DANCE DANCE DANCE!!! . Womyn want to FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT!!   Gay men make things happen.  The womyn crush what they get control of.
So Hilary accepting millions from countries that still stone women to death, and kill people who are gay is acceptable? Again who is the whore in the house?
Honest question, which has puzzled me..  In Lesbian wedding ceremonies, very often, one partner dons the traditional "Bridal Dress", and the other a tuxedo...I never see a gay wedding picture, where one of the partners dons a wedding dress, it is almost always two tuxedos or at least both are wearing male attire)...  What is going on? Or is this another example of where lesbianism has much different dynamics from gay society?
You can totally tell that the person that wrote this was incredibly trans phobic. "I don't want to be  trans phobic ."  Then continues to perpetuate the idea that trans people will start raping people or something if they're given access to the bathroom. You aren't being subtle sweetheart, just because you say you aren't doesn't mean your wording doesn't say you are.   If you're going to try to be an a55hole and a nice person at the same time, you're doing it wrong.
Christians don't say you should be killed for being gay nor do they say you should be killed for leaving the religion (apostasy). Furthermore, Christianity no longer plays a major role in Canadian society and it's holy book isn't taken as the word of god, like the word of the prophet Mohammed is by Muslims.   When leftists compare Islam vs Christianity, as they always do as a means of defending Islam, they're comparing apples to oranges. Grasping at straws etc.
Don't worry, not one cent of your tax dollars will end up in the hands of women or gay men.... unless they are called "President", "Minister" or "General"
Your response is logically flawed. Questions cannot be either true or false and so are not subject to proof. If you are querying the implied assertion that Trump is "A lying, bullying, sexist, misogynist, racist, xenophobic, homophobic megalomaniac with impulse control issues" have you not seen ANY  news for the last year or so?
Trump would through every gay American under the bus (see transgender tweet) if he thought it would keep him in office/out of prison.
Why do people want to shove their ridiculous religious bel ifs down other people's throats? I would love to dress as Satan and protest the hoa president. Maybe I will do that for the church up the street that thinks Halloween is Satanic.   Maybe I will bake a cake for a gay wedding and dress as a gay Satan. Glad I live in a country that allows me the freedom to do so.
Sorry Ms Maughan, as much as I respect you as a journalist, I contend that you got this one wrong. While the dire situation regarding economic transformation certainly requires urgent attention, the dire situation regarding some rather trashy journalism also needs addressing. And this was it - trashy journalism. And here I am not referring to the author, because we already know it was meant to be trash, but to Ms Pillay and Mr Hlongwane who performed none of the very basic journalistic requirements before rushing to publish this rubbish. And that alone requires a further question: Why? Was it because it supported their own views? If so, why should they be let off the hook and Joseph Goebbels not? For what was proposed for white males in this rattly little tale was not much different to introductory Nazi narratives on Jews, Gypsies, gays and other "unwanteds". We all know where that ended up. Do not defend the indefensible, rather, use your formidable journalistic skills appropriately.
I look at everybody who stands near me in the eyes. Has always been a habit of mine. Make it a habit to be suspicious for everybody and everything. Like James Bond. Maintain full alertness  and what kind of dangers could happen from any direction. Feels good to be alert. BTW that video is useless unless you plan to suspect every gay male with a red purse. Turn on the forkin' lights. Lights help keep cockroaches away.
"Hatred is at the root of much of the world’s horrors"  Muslims and liberals love to excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe and America, destructive iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other.  Entrenched civil  wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Quada are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. It is a purely thankless job to try to stop Muslims from killing other Muslims, or non Muslims, or gays, or women,  or Jews, or Christians, or Buddhists or Hindus..  It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by trolls.
Facts are the most of the lib posters on here are gay activist like you!  How is that Fact!
Why do you have nothing to say about what gay men have done to thousands of boys and the reputation of the church?  No wonder you're always seeking justice elsewhere.   Always outraged at the straight world.
How many children Non Aryan etc; have YOU adopted? Instead of "March for Life" trashing San Francisco,  WHY don't they March to the churches, foster care centers, etc; that are helping Born children? Oh! I guess those pesky Gays get in your way, eh?
You didn't see me down there raining on the gay people's event.   I don't like it when a reporter says one thing without much detail and the person involved describes everything .    Talking about nice people---how about the tone of nearly every comment by gays or their supporters ? They demand tolerance yet have none for those they disagree with and they are the ones making uncivil comments. It reconfirms my long time observation---hate is a liberal value .
I've never heard anyone put it quite that way before. Now I can feel so grateful that so many people are so much more concerned about the gay soul of little ole me while ignoring the legions of poor straight men whose souls will be utterly forgotten, and all because I'm just so special. Who knew? Thanks for making my day!
Trudeau's perfect cabinet member is from Newfoundland. Shameonhim  An admitted mentally ill homosexual alcoholic who has serious issues that  will be solved with hugs kisses and heaven knows what else
This is comparing apples and oranges.  GLBT Catholics first start at a severe disadvantage the minute they come out of the closet.  Secondly, you are describing heterosexual adultery which harms a married spouse, always and every time.  Monogamous gay relationships do not harm in other adults.
Interesting insight. I'm sure the events in Prevo's life were profound, especially his father's suicide. Far be it from me to judge a person whoes life has been so affected by events like that. And far be it from Prevo to judge others for the same reason.  His own son has a failed marriage. Many religions consider divorce to be a sin.   And then there's the whole issue of "Gay lifestyles".  Seriously people, if you are a heterosexual, can you imagine any "trend" that would make you want to have sex with another member of your sex? It is a ridiculous and utterly stupid concept to call homosexuality a "lifestyle".  For those who think and read, there is a body of information from about 200 years of research that concludes there always has been a certain percentage of hmans who are born gay. It's just a biological fact.  It is NOT a choice.  So, with that being said, why do these paid interpreters of a story book keep trying to denigrate people for how they were born?
I suspect it is both ear and eye-witness but HC can speak to that... why would gay clergy members not support the "gay culture?" Do we really want to perpetuate the schizophrenic mindset of "we welcome you but don't accept you?"
Trump isn't preventing gays/lesbians from serving in the military. He's just saying taxpayers will no longer pay for a sex change operation and the required mental health treatment that goes along with it, no matter what the cost or percentage of the overall Military healthcare budget.  Obama was foolish to start such a policy in our military.
Do you have to work at being idiotic ? He lied about having explosives he lied about suicide vests, Now the FBI is saying he had no ties to ISIS he was lying about that too, The guy was a nutcase and a liar and more than likely gay himself nothing more. But yes had Bush let the AWB stay intact the odds are this mass killing as well as others would have never happened as most shooters bought their weapons shortly before their shootings, so yeah Bush and the NRA are covered in the blood of innocents  :  (
Sure it would be incestuous, so?  See, if you argue that homosexual sodomy should not be repulsive, then you cannot NOT argue that incest is not repulsive.    As the Ancient Greeks' pederasty culture teaches us, homosexual acts are a function of culture, not innate attraction.  They are not genetic.  More homosexual men out of the closet will lead to more incidents of same-sex sodomy acts and more people adopting a homosexual identity.
Being gay has nothing to do with being a pedarast, not to mention being a sexual predator.   So gross all around.
There are some who will say that the church can never change its position on homosexuality because the church's teaching is part of divine revelation. I say it's as much a part of divine revelation as not eating shellfish or men not cutting their hair - after all, those prohibitions, like not wearing clothes made of mixed fabrics or not eating meat with dairy products, all come from the same book of the Bible: Leviticus. And yes, St. Paul did condemn homosexual acts but he also told women to be quiet in church, and yet no one observes that rule anymore. Cherry-picking the Bible has a long history that will probably never end. But the people who mention revelation never talk about the fact that Jesus himself never said a word about homosexuality. In the end, as a gay Catholic Christian, I take great comfort in that. The church has been wrong about many things in the past. It is wrong about homosexuality, and it is time the church change its position - out of charity, if nothing else.
Why on Earth does Milos, a gay, Jewish, Greek immigrant to Britain living in the US, think the alt-right in America has a place for him? The American alt-right is a tempered version of the far-right.  The alt-right wears the same tribal feathers as the KKK and David Duke. In their glory days, all of them would have been hunting for gays, Jews, and Southern European immigrants in America, and yet he seeks their company.
So, Trudeau will be creating two new cabinet positions: 1) The Ministry of Apologies  2) The Ministry of Telling-Gays-They-Are-Doing-Nothing-Wrong
Yup. Why did the Church stop talking about sodomy (homo- and heterosexual) as sinful?
I'm just a man.  I'm not a straight man or a heterosexual man, I'm just a man.  Elegabalus who posts here always let's us know that he is a "gay" man, i.e., he is sexually attracted to men and embraces that attraction as his identity.  Victor Victoria has a rainbow flag as her image, and that's not because she's a Noah's ark fan.  There's a gay dude who posts on Breitbart (until he was fired for supporting pedophilia, but I digress) named Milo who has the same position that I do on gay "marriage," yet he's all about being a "dangerous faggot" (his words, not mine).  It's not mere self-awareness, it's narcissistic pride.
David Grisham, why do you and your group of 'not-anti-gay' friends think it's okay for you to pass judgment on gay people?  And of course you will protest that your aren't passing judgment, you're just doing as your god would have you do, which is...well, passing judgment.  YOUR God is a hateful, ugly god. I have no idea how you fools could be a part of any religion that has so much hatred and ugliness attached to it.  Your Christian religion promotes this hatred.  It singles people out as being 'sinful' and not following YOUR god's demands.  YOUR hateful god, I will add.  Believe what you want, since all that hatefulness and and all those lies have been indoctrinated in you probably since your Sunday school days.  That's YOUR belief. Leave people alone.  Let people live as they choose.  YOU and people like you need to stay out of other folks' business.  Clean up your own dirty sins and stop worrying about everybody else. And go back to Texas.  We have enough like you up here already.
If a person of one sex can self-identify as being of the opposite sex (transgender) with all the rights and privileges of that sex, why shouldn’t a person of one ethnicity or race be allowed to self-identify as being of another ethnicity or race with all the rights, privileges, and government handouts extended thereto?  The federal government doles out millions or billions of dollars annually to women and ethnic minorities to start or operate businesses, for education and who knows what else. If we must treat transgenders based on their self-identified sex, as liberals say and as some liberal judges have ruled, it seems to me that Caucasians like Rachel Dolezal should be eligible for federal grants and loans intended for minorities. That may seem silly, but so did it seem silly a few short years ago to allow people of one sex to use restrooms of the opposite sex based on sex identity instead of biology. .  What now is a slippery slope could quickly become a vertical cliff.
That was ...... gay lol what are you woot wooting about???? Find some candy in your pocket?
You ignorant, patheticPOS. How many grandparents do you think felt just like you do until their grand child, their shining star reveal that he or she is gay? How many suicides are you and yours responsible for because of your attitude?
That may be true on conservative sites, but you anti gay weekend warriors certainly bring it up all the time on this site with impunity.  We're all adults here and we get what sodomy is.  Do you go on and on and on about the fact our so called 'virgin teens' engage in sodomy to protect their vaginal virginity?  I highly doubt you do.
1. Rubbish.  2. Flout, not flaunt.  3. The only "homosexual advocates" are the ones that exist in your imagination.
Leaving people alone? What?? That's like saying mind your own business. Keep your own house clean. Come on, Gary: How can people get aroused if not by vicariously peeping in my bedroom window? Better yet, into a gay man's bedroom? Never mind the suit and tie they wear to work at the bank, or that I prefer funny movies. Don't deny that the images of >>gay sex<< flood your thoughts at the mention of the word "gay". Dwell, dwell, dwell. It's important to keep what you think I do out of the campsite.
Fuck this ain't no female this is a crazy ass tranny that threatens and harasses the homeless threatens people on a regular picks fights with men all the time I think it's bs that she he is playing the poor women card when she has no problem picking fights with men and has harassed Jeeves the one who pushed her many times don't talk shit don't get thrown through a window pretty simple
You like em' gay, drugged and commie eh? Real civil post, but I see no one took it down!  Your not even fit toe shine their shoes! lol
The baker discriminated against the gay couple. That is a fact, the baker's lawyers agree that he discriminated against the gay people. You are arguing that the baker should be allowed to discriminate. If the baker is successful he could then fprefuse to serve black people and claim it would be against his religion to do so. A pharmacist could refuse to serve the elderly because of his religious beliefs.   Are you,still saying that the baker did not discriminate? lol
Now that's funny!    Recall Charasma?  Not removed merely because he is homosexual, but because he made a PUBLIC spectacle of his well-coordinated, well-supported announcement with his boyfriend by his side with the claim he is to be married.  If a straight priest did that with a female, he, too, would have been removed.  Apologize for his dismissal?  He broke his vows - apparently after being warned - and announced his intent to marry.  Of course he had to be dismissed.   Why do you attempt to equate his actions with Fr. Martin?
Very true.  Let's blame this on the gay, pedophile/ephebophile priests and the bishops who covered for them.
First, the sex I have is sex, which is different from sodomy.  Second, I admit that I am sinful for engaging in acts of self-gratification; I'm not proud of it.  My objection is that homosexual sodomy is sinful and a perverted use of one's sex (and/or oral, excretory) organs.
I'm sure Jim Minnery and Co. will have church volunteers ready and willing to check birth certificates at restroom entrances around town.   Funny thing is, most Transgenders no longer look anything like the sex found on their birth certificates - they look exactly like the sex they identify with.   Soooo, Jim and his cult will be steering big hairy guys with massive pecs over to the ladies' side simply because that's what their birth certificate says they are, and vice versa.    Amazing, the idiotic hoops fundy Christians will go through to "protect" whatever religious ideology they claim to identify with, and no matter how much it hurts good people.  Jesus must be spinning in his grave.
Re-read the comments. The one's spewing all the hate and name calling are gays and their supporters.   They demand tolerance yet have absolutely none for anyone that dares to disagree with them.    Hate clearly is a liberal value . Don't believe me--just re-read all the comments again.
I think it's interesting that one of these two mainstream women is a transvestite (Michael Obama) and the other is a confirmed lesbian (HilLIARy).
Pence ran for the door.  He believes in re-programming gay people.  Perhaps he felt a little confused after a few hours of being dazzled by Broadway's best. Pence should stick to pig races at the state fair if he doesn't want to be challenged by art.  He's a hateful man who seeks to deny others basic human rights and he does it in the name of god.  Dangerous and sad.  He deserves to be called out.   Art has a glorious gay agenda!
Before reading this post, I read the post with the theme that God's ways are not our ways.  Jesus was going to be killed, and he stopped Peter's attempts to change that.  I think Benedict's forced resignation and placing Francis as Pope was the sort of act that Jesus spoke against to Peter.  So the problematic acts of Francis are just the fruit of the initial bad act of driving Benedict out (likely by the homosexual mafia that apparently has great power and is using communion for divorced Catholics as a wedge to allow communion without repentance for homosexuals who commit sinful sex acts).  But, alas, I think we just have to sit back and let it all happen.  Perhaps the destruction of the Church through the infiltration of Satan is precisely God's plan.  The question is whether we should follow the fake Pope or reject him.
False.  He freely admits to relationships with both men and women and he has chosen men.  Gay people choose to be attracted to their own sex.  I wish we would have more stray cats choose to be gay, then we would have fewer stray cats.
Needless to say (but I'm saying it anyway), it's rank hypocrisy and bigotry to affect to deny gay men admittance to the priesthood.  Come on.
My goal for the pridefest this year is to put 69 notches in my coup stick, notches are earned by turning lesbians (not the fat kind) into straight girls that love native naulik.  I also plan on winning the Alaska Democrats Hotdog deep throating contest, now Bill Walker is stuck in Juneau plotting to steal muh PFD,  and Matt Stoney is still back east, I am the best hotdog deepthroater in town.  In closing, to all the fags and dikes going to pride fest, you cannot be gayer than The Big Chief of town Square, I was homsex before it was cool, and you fags made it gay.  To all those who think I can be banned, I am a shaman and will reappear after every deletion, you cannot beat me!
At risk of telling you more than you want to know: Milo Yiannopoulos is a senior editor at Breitbart News. The creeps at Breitbart prop him up because, as a self-loathing gay man, MY is useful to them. They promoted his “tour” from the get-go: "Suck It Up Buttercups: Dangerous F*ggot Tour Returns in September” (7/6/2016): www.breitbart.com/milo/2016/07/06/milo-yiannopoulos-dangerous-faggot-tour-returns-campuses-fall/ MY is pathetic, more to be pitied than scorned. His message is right wing cliches that are notable only because they are spewed by a gay man who both encourages gay men to stay in the closet and flaunts his own homosexuality for profit. People have every right to protest if they so choose. They do not have the right to commit violence, to do harm, to cause damage; they especially don’t have the right to stop the man from speaking. It’s incredibly stupid. It transforms a pathetic figure into a sympathetic one.
The baker makes custom cakes. He refused to make any custom cake for this couple solely because they were gay. That is discrimination. Are you also okay with bakers refusing to bake cakes for Christian couples or for disabled couples? And, if so, were you libertarian before or after gay people were included in civil rights laws?
I don't care if we see this as racist or whatever the hell you said. What I can't stand is that we have this black history month and gay pride month, what the hell. Where is white pride month? The fact that we months set aside for the people who have a different skin color or the fact that we have a month set aside for people who like the same gender. That is BS. Where is the white appreciation month, where is a Military  appreciation month? I don't care how much crap I will get for this but this is all BS, if you have a problem with me, my name is Logan Hanner, come look me up!
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI! - Hypocrisy is worse than racism.
Oh noes, I spoke the truth!  He falsely accuses me of being a troll with 113 shill accounts, and you condemn ME.  He flies the homosexual flag as his avatar, representing an ideology contrary to 2000 years of Catholic Christian doctrine, and you condemn ME.
I believe that the man was mentally incapacitated when he wrote his 1986 letter to the catholic bishops on the pastoral care [sic] of homosexual persons.
You mean his lesbian porn model wife?
Regarding your numbers, Dennis:  based on the priests that I have known in my lifetime, I would say that the vast majority of those who were unmarried were gay -- 80% (and I am being generous on the side of not overstating), at the very least.  (And for those who are inclined to quarrel with me about married priests, please remember that in my Church (rite), that's permitted.)  I think that is what makes this entire issue so ridiculous to me -- most of those who are insisting that gay men may not become priests are themselves gay.
So ... is Milwaukee gonna deny church funerals to abusing priests and bishops who covered up for them, and who played shell games with money?  After all, we wouldn't want scandal and confusion.  Hypocrites.  And then to complain about the directive being made public.  What did they think was going to happen?  Their priests were going to secretly refuse funerals for LGBT people?
A second reason is that people may just hate homosexuals, regardless of any biblical teaching.  They are not only abnormal but they vote for Democrats.  Those who admit that have at least been honest, however that kind of hate is covered under the Civil Rights Act.  Bake the cake or face all sorts of legal penalties, although you can probably avoid providing the gay cake topper with two brides or two grooms.  Politely let the couple know that they must order their own cake topper, you don’t carry them in stock.  Being impolite is a sin.
As long as Trump throws gay people under the bus and promises churches they can do whatever they want? No, Utahns don't.
As puns are to humor, criticism is to thought. There is no equivilence between 'little d' and Hillary Clinton. She has a resume intelligence and experience, and is the most investigated female in the world. He is an idiot. So where do you stand? Oh I know, you are angry, someone took away your ball, throwing it at the wall might be the reason. You see jobs going elsewhere, gays get to marry, there's a African Amercian President...so the world is going to hell in a handbasket and you're angry. You listen to am radio, rant Fidos, gets your blood boiling, and your dander up. So who's your guy? Not Ted, or Jeb, or Marco, or John...it's "the Donald." Of course he's your guy, he's a guy. Of course you support him 'cause he's angry too...why? Good question. I'd be angry if I were him too.
The bulk of these cases are the actings-out of frustrated homosexual clerics.  The truth that dare not speak its name (on these progressive NCR pages)
The MSM has no problem calling the President mysogynist, racist, homophobic. But when it comes to Eminem, the NYT can only come up with "some accusing him of writing homophobic and misogynistic verses". What a double standard! Eminem produced millions of records that prove it and only "some" accuse him??
What a bunch of vomit. How about the cost of providing viagra - I notice you dont mention that. And the CBO study does not mention transgender soldiers at all, so citing it probably wasnt the best strategy here.  Every concern raised can be addressed in many ways besides an outright ban.    The worst part of this nonsense article is the idea that we should ban trans soldiers because other soldiers might not want to shower near them. Sorry, but that same argument could be applied to anything - like black soldiers, for example. We dont want to make the racists uncomfortable, do we?  This article is vomit.
Well here's some lyrics from one of his most recent hits "Rap God":  I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table Over the back of a couple of faggots, and crack it in half Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact  You fags think it's all a game, 'til I walk a flock of flames Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'? Little gay-looking boy So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, looking boy You're witnessing a massacre Like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy "Oy vey, that boy's gay!", that's all they say, looking boy  Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad 'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad Singin' to a man while they played piano  But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons, make lemonade then! But if I can't batter the women How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?  One for good measure: Don't be a retard – be a king? Think not
The authors of this article should ask themselves why they feel free to call LGBT individuals "queers". That  is the greatest hubris of all time. They include "queers" in as a part of who we are while the  local "queer" organization, founded by the  heterosexual Ms Stinson, flatly states that  this is not a hate term for homosexuals. THAT IS A LIE. QUEER IS A HATE TERM FOR GAY. So before you question someone elses' actions as anti-gay, you really need to stop hiding a hate term in the abbreviations.  Ms Bailey has never called me a  queer. The title of this  letter does. So just who is inflicting hate on who? To the authors: When the gay community demands the right to ignore those of us who have suffered and bled for  being "queer" because we are a minority of the community, they are practicing the same discrimination as society does when they marginalize our section of the population. "Well, there aren't as many of you, so we  will ignore the pain you feel when we  call you "Queer".
And this is a problem for those of us who are monogamous heterosexual males or females because???  I am reminded of a couple of the early Christian sects who believed that Jesus would return in their lifetimes--you know by 70-100 A.D. at the latest.  Accordingly, they declined to participate in sex because everyone would be in the Kingdom of Heaven so kids were just a distraction.    That Christian sect disappeared.     And here we are a couple thousand years later still waiting for the return.    If the homosexuals are killing themselves with their lifestyle, they won't reproduce and so 'the problem' will just go away!
My theory is that anyone that thinks about homosexuals that much is closeted.
Stephen ? Which are you ? a proud Homophobe ? Xenophobe ? Racist ? Or another closeted gay Republican ?  wear it loud and proud, get a big " L" tattooed on your forehead.
Putin does not support Gay marriage or gay rights. He also does not support the Transgender community.
Well said, Elise, outlining the absurdity of the argument of transgender bathroom enforcement---Of well meaning "christians"  posting themselves at bathroom entrances to do genital-checks before entry:  Anyone that looks suspicious, 'Excuse me, "Ma'am", I'm going to have to make sure you really do have the equipment to go with those heels...'  Ridiculous fear-mongering with one source:  The desire of one small sector of society to enforce the tenets of their religion into law, by picking on an even tinier minority, one they mistakenly believe to be vulnerable to their manipulations.  I've got news for the religious "right"---Kids these days are a lot smarter than you think, and recognize the real danger to society for what it is:  The bigotry and intolerance you peddle as your wares.
Nonsense.  There are actually gay people who are against gay marriage.
Long last the witch is dead... and to Castro sympathizers, be the hypocrites that you are and hail a repressive dictator who killed dissent and left the country in shackles ... not only those who had the courage to stand up to the brutal regime, but to those who were gay and jailed and tortured, to all who voiced opinions contrary to the state... however to us who know from our bloodlines and friends, he was nothing but a thug glamorized by the leftist media... Let freedom begin to ring now....
Margaret Wente says  . What harm do they do?  Religious freedom now means freedom from religion  . "Frankly, I don’t understand why so many secular people go berserk over religious schools, even ones that are publicly funded. What harm do they do? "  . "In Ontario, the fight against Catholic schools has turned into a crusade. People seem to think they’re a threat to our common values. They seem to think our kids will be turned into superstitious, God-struck, gay-bashing little bigots.  . "In Canada, the idea of religious freedom now means freedom from religion – and damn the consequences."  . From:  Who’s afraid of Catholic schooling? - Margaret Wente - The Globe and Mail - Aug. 16 2014
On the other hand, about 40% (the universal proportion) of those boys will be gay or bisexual, therefore mostly interested in each other.
Ben, your comment points to the very heart of the matter. You assume that someone who is transgender has a choice. That they actively choose to go against their sex in order to claim gender. Did you choose your sexual preferences? Did you choose to identify male?  Or were you simply born that way? And if you were born that way, does it not stand to reason that transgender people were also born that way? So, by extension does it stand to reason that these 'kid's aren't so much making up their own minds, but rather are trying to live with the inherent gender with which they identify? Does it not also stand to reason that the more a person tries to subjugate his or her nature the 'more screwed up' he or she will be in the long run? There are a number of studies showing correlation between repressed sexual and gender identification and depression and suicide.
Some conservatives believe being gay is a "choice" despite the scientific evidence to the contrary. I guess "choice" makes it easier for them to hate gays. I have yet to meet a gay friend who did not tell me that their earliest recollections of sexual desire was for that of someone of the same sex. Sexual orientation extends into the animal world as well with some species like penguins and dolphins having exclusive same sex pairings. So with all these things in mind, sexual orientation - straight or gay is everywhere. The Church's attempt to stamp it out is counter productive. It should be in the business of strengthening straight marriages and helping people where they are instead of continually targeting a marginal group.
Get ready for more of this nonsense.  Once transgendered rights are elevated to the point of disallowing any thoughtful criticism, the lunatics will use their new found powers in ways that make 'self serving' an understatement to say the least.
Yup, she is a girl and it is disgusting that the ADN is allowing these hateful abusive comments to stay up. Would they let comments calling black men "boy" and use of the "N" word to stay up. They would not, but because this story is about a transgender person and whoever monitors these comments doesn't have the proper amount of knowledge to discern abuse in this instance.
We can say any religion is bad, chineseintoronto.  As the law stands today at least, I can say the following without fear of reprisal from the government.  Fear of reprisal from devout Muslims and Leftists on the other hand......  - Islam is based on an ancient death cult. - Many Muslims around the world believe gays, infidels, apostates and non-believers should be killed - It is perfectly ok to take sex slaves while in battle against the infidels - It is the duty of all good Muslims to help establish a worldwide caliphate.  These are just the facts according to the Quran.  Fortunately, not all Muslims practice the Quran to the letter.  If they did, we'd all be dead by now. It's the many who do we need to be concerned about.   - Jeff
It's in the Bible; that's the book from where I faith is derived, right?  So I accept what's written.  So it's up to the naysayers to disprove it.  Impossible to do.  Same with Lot's wife.  Lot offered his daughters to show to the angel visitors that the guys banging on the doors were homosexuals, not interested in women.  He knew that he wasn't putting his daughters at risk.  It's one of the ways we know that this story is, indeed, about the sinfulness of homosexual sodomy.
And let's disrupt those who fire their gay employees for getting civilly married to a member of the same sex.
It isn't though, you're being duped.   The alt-left is a violent anti-conservative movement. They beat people with bats who showed up to see a gay, Jewish conservative speaker speak at college campuses. You're being duped.
Matt 25 was a parable, not a prophesy.  Rapture is from Revelation (which was prophetic writing in the sense of addressing injustice in the Church by judaizers who were coping with the destruction of Jerusalem).  Everything will be revealed and Prostitutes will enter the kingdom of heaven before the priests (and gays before culture warriors).
It is just incredibly sad that anyone, in the name of God or religion, would encourage a gay person to attempt heterosexual marriage.  The fact that this still happens is a scandal.
Agreed.  Bill Plasche, that liberal icon of the LA Times went so far as to say STRAIGHT people that find gay sex gross (even if they believe it's fine for gays and support gay marriage) are bigoted and prejudiced.  In other words, straight folks have to not only support gay marriage or gay sex, they have to NOT find it gross.  The logical conclusion is that we should all be pan-sexual I guess.
"Then logically you should be afraid of Christians as well."  Well, except it takes seconds to find recent news reports (past 5 months) of Muslim executioners killing gay folks en masse.  Please show us similar numbers for Christians killing them en masse recently!  Orlando gay nighclub shooting: 49 killed, shooter pledged ISIS allegiance  Chechen Authorities Arresting and Killing Gay Men  Russian newspaper says it has evidence that at least three gay men have been killed in ‘prophylactic sweep’ in Chechnya  The Islamic State Executes Nine Men and a Boy for Being Gay  Egypt has taken a leading role at the United Nations in opposing gay rights. It was one of 13 countries to vote last week against a U.N. resolution condemning the death penalty for having gay sex.  Islamic State group judge read out the sentence against the two men convicted of homosexuality: They would be thrown to their deaths from the roof of the nearby Wael Hotel.  12 Muslim Countries That Kill You for Being Gay
Did he then stuff the transgender's penis after castration in the transgender woman's mouth with the head sticking out?
And does your 'amusement' also apply to the local pedophile  sexual abuse case settled out of court last year with the juvenile by the Portland Democratic fundraiser, Terry Bean?      You know, the menage et toi with the juvenile and the two gay guys in one of our local motels?  "Bean, 66, and his former boyfriend, Kiah Loy Lawson, are each charged with two counts of third-degree sodomy, a felony, and third-degree sexual abuse, a misdemeanor."  http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2015/07/prominent_gay_activist_terry_b.html
The Church does not, and should not, condone sinful behavior as something good. This stance in no way can be equated with what Mateen did to these people at Pulse. That action was driven by hate, and hate alone.  This goes to a larger piece which addressed this ideological hate with rallies across the country this past weekend. The Left reflexively came to the defense of shariah adherent ideologues who have no problem killing homosexuals. In fact, they take it as a duty. WHY?
you do realize that most of those having the sex you label as "sodomy" is practiced by heterosexuals and has been since the beginning of time?  so if you are going to object to homosexuality, you are also bound to include most heterosexuals in your objections as well?   and therefore, you really need to be upset about heterosexual marriage as well, since it also gives these perverts legal cover for their sodomy as well!
Aw, even gay guys dump you?
As a talk-radio host, Mair ended up in court more than once.    One defamation case against him ended up in the Supreme Court of Canada in 2008, after he had harsh words for "a widely known social activist opposed to any positive portrayal of a gay lifestyle."   The court's summary said Mair "had intended to convey simply that S was an intolerant bigot," which it classified as fair comment.  He won.  For the whole decision, see: https://scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/scc-csc/en/item/5670/index.do?r=AAAAAQAJcmFmZSBtYWlyAQ
Gays and Lesbians and others kept swearing that they would NEVER force a Church to perform marriages for them if they got the right to get married.    Well they received the right to get married but that's not good enough for them............they have to try to force everyone else to be miserable and to try to force them to accept their sexual deviations from the norm.   Hey  FYI,  homosexuality is a SEXUAL PREFERENCE,  it is NOT A MINORITY RACE.......IT does not have the right to take the rights of others religious beliefs away.
You are clearly reading the Gospel as saying "You shall love your neighbor as yourself, unless the neighbor is in a gay marriage."
Homosexuality is promoted in schools, Islam is flooding society, provincial and national debts that 200 years of straight prosperity would not be able to pay off. Furthermore, the next century will see the decline of the West and the rise of China - so no prosperity here for a long, long time. It seems to me Canada will not see the turn of the next century.
The line is clear. Political thought is not a protected class. You do not have to make a cake for a democrat but you do for a gay person. There are stats where you are allowed to discriminate against gays, the baker should move there.
Anti-homosexual, woman-hating religious fanatics are not exclusive to Islam. Christianity-inspired terrorism is something with which Americans are already quite familiar and the fanatics even have their own party: the GOP.  Violent Christian fanatics vote Republican.
CMD a swingin' from O77's tree; Lookin' for a banana and a hot employee; HR sez not okay better come see me; Cleans out your desk and yanks your card key; Wife asks "why you home so early?" Wondering what the ever happened to her "manly"homie... While her lawyer finds the latest chick magnet a-hangin' from O77's tree!
The Christian terrorism fueled by the nationwide televangelist tax scofflaws continues.  More threat from priests and preachers in their churches than any transgendered individual relieving him/her self.  Disgusting.
Every member of the USCCB should be strapped to a lie detector at their next meeting and asked if they are a homosexual.
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI!
Paprocki is denying people in same sex marriage funeral rites, not gay people.
Yup, gays and Natives.
The fundies' war on gay marriage is ironic. They ought to welcome any support for a declining institution.
Chick-fil-A is known for its corporate giving to anti-gay organizations. If you support that, enjoy your chicken.
I am surprised you think political thought is a protected class. The baker was not obligated to make a cake for nazis. He does have to make a cake for gays.  If you were bleeding profusely and the doctor did not want to treat you, you,could just go to another hospital, right? The baker is asking to legally discriminate.
Progressives aren't going to fire progressives. Moreover tenure prevents it. What I would like to see is nationally televised Congressional hearings on the state of American education. Think of a hack like UC Chancellor Janet Napolitano being asked to explain why she accommodated black students' demands for segregated college dorms, or a public school supervisor being asked explain why kindergarten classes should have the transgender agenda--in all its scientifically unproven glory--rammed down their throats.
JPII still should have abdicated when he became enfeebled.  His Trad cardinals ran amok and many, like the leader of the congregation for priests, made it harder to deal with pedophiles in the clergy.  I worry more about the asexual mafia than the homosexual one.
I also want to leave another comment in hopes that at least one person that is responsible for burning our flag reads this. First, you have no idea the tears, sweat, and blood that our four fathers put into defending this soil that your unappreciative self dwells upon. The freedom you have is because of that flag! You wanna scream gay rights or black rights and disrespect the president on his big day? That's spitting in the faces of all of the men that has fought for this country and made your lavish way of life possible. Do you know that in many other countries in this world would kill you for being gay and that you wouldn't have a right to speak out against the government. You would be beheaded, stoned, or imprisoned for life for burning a flag. That's just something for you to think about the next time you decide to riot and burn flags. Go spend a couple weeks somewhere else in this world, you'll come back kissing the dirt of the USA! It's to bad you understand that.
I understand that people have all sorts of perversions that they engage in to elicit feelings of euphoria.  That sort of behavior is childish; recognizing that love does not require sexual euphoria and that sex is an act of anatomical and physiological importance is the sign of one who has matured beyond his childish desire for self gratification.  Two male friends can love one another with deep-seated emotion.  Without the inclination to engage in sodomy with one another, they cannot be a "gay" couple.  Sodomy is the key characteristic that distinguishes them from being just good friends.
It says so right in the Koran: "Strike the neck (behead) of non believers."   It also says to throw homosexuals off from tall places, like buildings.  and to stone adulterers(who is defined as women who have been raped, a double indemnity for being female)   You can Google search pictures of such events.    These things are  Islam in action..
And where were you when the thousands of cases of sexual abuse by Scout leaders surfaced? So does your holier than thou hypocrisy categorize pedophiles and the "gay agenda" as one in the same?  And you have the gall to use the Latter-Day Saints and the Catholic Church starting their own programs as support for your position??????...yeah, we all know how safe kids are in the Catholic Church!  Here is one excerpt from an article on a lawsuit regarding the BSA and Mormon church....  "Schmidt was one of a group of Boy Scouts leaders in Idaho troops sponsored by the Mormon church who were accused of sexually abusing children in the 1970s and ’80s. Recently unsealed files from the Boy Scouts of America reveal that the organization was aware of allegations against these leaders for years, but allowed them to continue working with children."  Apparently your wrath meant looking the other way and supporting the BSA for decades while adults raped children. Wonderful "religious convictions."
You do realize that The Village People consisted of gay men, don't you. Well, don't you?
Again, your whinge is "gay sex is icky".
The leprechauns are so gay
Manitoba MP Bev Desjarlais says there's a lot of opposition to gay marriage in her riding of Churchill. -Layton threatened to kick her out of caucus if she didn't "tow the line"--and support it----typical Layton--if you didn't with him you're a "homophobe/bigot"--disgusting
Free exercise of religion? Nonsense. point to the passage in the Bible where it says that as a good Christian you are to refuse services to homosexuals.
I find there's a certain dark comedy in that subset of sorry white males* who hold libertarian and/or 'survival of the fittest' beliefs while simultaneously angrily blaming their lack of success on those nasty females, queers, colored folk.  * not necessarily referring to you, BrfY. I'm much too polite to do that.
And I feel you've missed an important one as well, Jeffrey. While the actions of both groups may have left something to be desired, **ONE GROUP WAS FULL OF NAZIS.**  I don't honestly care a lick if the antifa or alt-left or whatever were yelling obscenities or waving bats or whatever, because the other group literally want to put Jews and homosexuals into f******g ovens. That fact tilts the scale so far to one side that any kind of "both sides" comment is wrong from the very start.
Have you checked out who the Australian Christian Lobby are? Maybe those Australian politicians are right. There's no question ACL has an anti-gay agenda. Not that such an agenda would justify a violent response, and at this point its not exactly clear that it did. Though the ACL leader is going to great lengths to gain sympathy for this horrific "attack."  My original comment was aimed at people yesterday who suggested this incident was a terror attack by Muslims on Christians. They did so without waiting to see what the facts were.
All his phony leaks was a figament of his imagination any one can imagine hearing  something other than what was really said like I would love to eat a donut the man says and then repeating that he heard the man say he ate 6 donuts. and that's the case here comey should have never had the position as FBI director he is a pansie dude and probably GAY.
"Marginalizing people", that's a laugh. You're the one to marginalize gay people. You also label people all the time. So, since you don't like homophobe, "gay hater" will have to do.
You must be gay, a democrat, or both ! 🤔
Would Ontario intervening in this have anything to do with the fact that Ontarios' premier is Gay ?
The big question about all this uproar, fire and anger is who does it affect? How many transgender students are there in Alaska? Do we have more than 1? More than 2? Yeah I'm deplorable for asking, but is this even an issue for us?   Are transgender kids in Anchorage suffering, if there are any?
btw... you in the west don't have any clue how people react against this kind of state controlled propaganda   you should not be so happy to celebrate we in East know the truth, and you can have some hints by checking our recent past  it will backfire, in more ways than one   if you wanted to hurt gays and trans in a devastating and decisive way, this is how you do it, this is how you form the next generation of super conservative, highly religious, highly anti-gay people  and more, because you have a huge number of Muslims and Imams, many young people will go to the extreme, choosing the most conservative of religions... the Islam.   What you started today, in 20-40 years will radically backfire.   Canada, as any other stupid progressive country, has no idea about the horrible things they start in motion... why?   You never had a revolution, you never had a cultural oppression, you never had leaders shot at the fence.... sadly you will repeat the history in order for you to learn it.
Fag,dyke,queer,homo. Kids learn the behavior at home. They also learn kyke,nigger,slut,retard and so many slurs and derogatory names that they can't all be listed. Kids - or whomever uses them - or whomever bullies the "lesser than" or "different from" probably suffer from low self esteem and fear. Sometimes it carries in to adulthood. Insecure people need a target. As for Trump and his tiny...... hands -  fodder for ridicule, as Trump like to project all things Trump as being the biggest and the greatest. Size matters to some - to Trump more than most let on. I didn't interpret Colbert's remark as homophobic. The holster issue occurs across the board in sexual behaviors. It would have been just as plausible that someone would say the same about Hillary. Crass, inappropriate in any case, but not necessarily homophobic..
He said that he would not make them a wedding cake because the were homosexual. That is humiliating and denigrating them.
"Behind closed doors" "Holy Mother Church" maintains, funds and [we have to assume] condones an all-male, mostly gay, hegemony over the rest of the church.  Cardinal Francesco Coccopalmeri, an official at the Inquisition and host in his Roman salon of naked male sex orgies, apparently hasn't gotten "the memo" about just which sexual practices to encourage.  Hey Brooks, is this another example of your "behind closed doors" regime?
You are so right.  As you say, many single unit bathrooms are now designated "either sex."  This whole thing, IMO, is really about punishing individuals who "dare" to be transexual.  It has gotten more and more difficult to strike out against homosexuals, but, great news for the nasty folks, transgendered individuals are now available as a "target of opportunity."    I simply don't care about other people's gender, gender preference, or modified "plumbing", or any other aspects of their sex.  It's their business.  Transgendered individuals are no threat to anyone.  Why the hell can't people just leave them alone?  Gary Crum
By Bible prophecy only America is "Zion," "Israel Restored." Best of luck making the distinction between the god and culture of pedophile homosexual Joseph Smith; and, the Creator of the universe, America's named Sovereign, perfect, infinite, eternal, living, and present.
"What's the matter with your world?"  Sessions is a closet transgender.
I wonder if they would turn away the help of gay paramedics, ambulance drivers, E.R. staff, or fire fighters.
I used to work in a hospital. The most sexually lewd staff I ever came across were homosexual males. I'm going to guess these nurses were guys or nearly all guys.
Hey everyone: this is an amazing comment from an Imago Dei member: "No one is better off, in any significant way, because the state of Oregon has approved their union. " This is the company Jules Bailey keeps.   No gay people are better off with gay marriage.  I guess all my gay activist friends are dumb, because they worked for something meaningless, as per Jen W's analysis.
It's a rare breed.  A politician that actually cares.  He's not the only one, but it's so rare it's like finding a gay unicorn.  You have my vote.  Give 'em hell Gary!
Yes, moron is his last name, dotard is his first name. Con-man bullsh!t liar is how his many many friends know him. What kind of man his age bleaches his hair and swirls it? Channeling his inner hairdresser!  Gay as a goose that dondi.
Why is the ADN so insistent on pushing all these overhyped stories on gay matters, and so relentlessly insistent on pushing the GayBLT agenda under the guise of "news"?  ENOUGH ALREADY!  We get it, you love gays and lesbians and the gender-confused!  How about focusing on REAL news, and leaving your editorializing where it belongs?
The point is: Imago Dei has doctrines that are repugnant to me and other Portlanders.  We hear the all-male "Elders" arguing for 1. female submission 2. unmarried households are living in sin 3. gay sex is sin.  This is not a flawed doctrine- it is a homophobic misogynist doctrine that your evangelical church wants to spread.  You are no different from a Santorum supporter except that the Santorum supporter is more honest and will not deny their church's doctrine.
Regarding gays hurting the Scouts: it's been mentioned some churches have withdrawn their support from the programs. I know... it's the elephant in the room that nobody wants to talk about, but those gay catholic priests who can't seem to keep their robes closed around  young boys is just not right. They destroyed their lives and some have even committed suicide (can you say crime of murder here?). And Mr. Barnard's "Gay agenda" hurting Scouts, 9/28 says that kids suffer because of the gay agenda? The sad thing about it is that the priests kept getting away with it and when caught, were never prosecuted; they were just transferred to another parish. Any other man would go to prison for years. Hypocrites!
So yesterday it was Solidarity that we needed.  Now we need Unity.  I tell you what we need ... We need to be vigilant and look out for radical islamic terrorism, the forced marriages, the forced genital mutilation, the misogamy, and if you are gay watch out as you will be thrown off a building.  That is what we need.
I have to make one last post after reading your suggested articles.  What absolute nonsense. James O Keefe who has a homosexual son, may be somewhat biased with the "Theory" presented.   Who do you think is funding Unicornbooty?  Unbelievable
I'm pretty sure no matter what your views on transgender athletes, it's never ok for a grown man to ask to see the genitals of a teenager.
“You’re a Nazi, with a Jewish background, who is gay,” said Wilshaw’s interviewer, Paraic O’Brien, evidently baffled by the contradictions. ============= How does anyone come to grips with such contradictions and such confusion? And is this the last of "new revelations" as to how he self-identifies himself or what he says he believes in?
I gotta say, GBA, nothing but searing,  venomous, hysterical hate flows from the mouths and letters of the Demented Democraps (sp. intentional).  And they accuse us of hate, constantly.  We hate women.we hate muslims, we hate gays, we hate America, we hate EVERY  F*****G Thing in the world. The hypocrisy astounds me. And they have no idea whatsoever.  Recently I critiqued some Democraptic letter, it had 7 sentences and 5 uses of the word HATE.
A Hamas sympathizer, truly pathetic. Hamas doesn't want peace, they reward the families of rabid terrorists who stab pregnant women in grocery stores. Interesting how the left jumps on the anti-Israel bandwagon despite the fact Israel is an island of ingenuity and progress surrounded by regressive zealots who murder homosexuals through summary executions in the streets. Gaza is run by unapologetic fanatics and the left's silence is deafening - it's inexcusable ignorance. Tell me Dante, I missed the pride parade in Gaza this year (and last year, etc.), I suppose the BDS calls that cultural relativism? Talk about shameless.
I'm not sure what world that Mark lives on but I must have missed the 'man meeting,' that told me what 'being a fag', was just a phrase of encouragement?    I have no comrades that would use that on me, or me on them.      I will say that I believe men and women are built differently.    Most people have grown to understand that mind and body are inseparable.   If your bodies are not built the same way, our perception of the world around us will be different as well.    And there is good reason to believe that some behaviors are 'encoded' from day one.    There is probably a construct of 'normal' attributes to men and women, but it's bias and ignorance to believe that those attributes are common to all men or all women.     Mark's opinion of what is 'natural' for a male, may not be natural at to every male at all.     And while our biology may influence our behavior, we are not bound by our biology alone.
Sadly, it is the sanctioning of bullying OF homosexuals that comes about as the result of how the Church deals with homosexuality - another reason gay teens suicide.
No, but that's not what we're talking about here is it?  Why?  Because someone can't decide to identify as a different race (yet).  Rachel Dolezal gave that a good try though.    Think about this, colleges granting full ride scholarships to the best "female" athletes.  You would have "transgender boys/men" taking sport scholarships from real girls/women because they're better at them is certain sports.    That'd be no different then a Elizabeth Warren being granted teaching jobs at Ivy League schools by falsely claiming she's Native American when she's not.  You liberals better think these ridiculous new "rules and laws" through before blindly going along with them like the sheep you are.
The gleeful high-fiving of the enviro-left over the flood in Calgary and the Fort Mac fire is reminiscent of the Westboro church members position on fallen U.S. soldiers who were gay.
Because they don't. Not only do they not "emphasize misogyny and homophobia", but this is a silly stretch and groundless claim.  It also assumes that folks who see marriage as it has been for 99% of history are somehow scared of gays? And all the women at this church are delusional? Should they be rescued from their fate?
Joey, it's not the gay agenda, it's the black agenda. Membership has been declining since 1974, when the Boy Scouts were forced to integrate blacks into their troops. Equal rights are ruining the morally straight....
Canada is doomed. Human rights will pass and we will be scolded if we try to protect gay rights, free speech or public safety.
I should add that I think it's immoral and a scandal to pressure homosexuals into pseudo-heterosexuality.
Unless priests and lay eucharistic ministers in this bishop's diocese are cut from an entirely different cloth from priests and lay eucharistic ministers that I know in a handful of US dioceses, the actual response to his guidelines among many of them will be, "Oh yes, yes, of course 🤞. Sure thing, your excellency 👌, we will certainly be monitoring for people in homosexual relationships 😉 😉..." LOL
10% of society has had gay sex.  Full time gays may be 3% or it may be more.  Asexuals are 1% or 2%.  Heteros largely left the priesthood when Paul liberalized exit and the fear of discipline ended with Vatican II.  The population sizes are close enough to make it reasonable that half the remaining priests are gay (and some of my priest friends will tell you how gay) while the other half is likely asexual (with many of the gay priests towing the asexual line).  I won't call asexuals an aberration, but I will insist that they quit monopolizing the Magisterium about sex.  The first step is that they find some degree of self-realization followed by public disclosure and a reworking of the doctrine they assumed to be universal, when it is only a sexual peculiarity.
"Huh, maybe that's why lesbian sex is shown in straight porn and not considered homosexual porn."  And you know this how?
"People like you....."  So easy to tell the racists and sexists So what proof do you have that it was a "transgender" that caused both ship accidents?
The one thing DEMS had in common is they didn't care THEIR candidate was a lying career criminal with obligations to countries that murder gays and Christians AND treat their women worse than their dogs... Guess that tells us a LOT about the LEFT and THEIR lack of values.
Canada has a witch hunt of straight males, Azerbaijan has a witch hunt of lesbian women.  - The irony is not lost.
Aspirational self-identified gender? Griping about how two marginalized populations i.e. Native Hawaiians and transgender individuals tick the boxes sounds like you are an intolerant racist white male. You are a petty man.
"Rural folks want to "take back America" ... from whom? Gay people? Non-Christians? Non-conservatives?" People who want to burn and walk all over the flag of our country. People who refuse to accept the results of our elections. People who are okay with handing our nation over to foreigners who have no intentions on joining into our society but create their own within our borders.
I don't know why you keep insisting that treatment for gender dysphoria makes the military a "social service organization."  Does treatment for ptsd, sexual dysfunction or depression qualify also?  All these conditions, as well as others, are treated by the military in keeping service members fit for duty.  Only if the conditions make them unfit for duty are they discharged.  Studies have shown that treatment, which does not always include reassignment surgery, does not have as much of an effect upon military readiness as critics claim.  And, btw, gender dysphoria is becoming recognized as a medical condition, and not a mental illness.  It's much like homosexuality was once considered a mental illness, but no longer.  It is also not related to sexual orientation.  Please get past the "ickiness" of the subject that hysterics focus on.
With many tenets and branches of Islam oppressing rights, womans rights, democratic rights, human rights and gay rights, what EXACTLY are you referring to when you say "far-right" Shaista?   Your Imam or Donald Trump?
Your abhorrence of "sodomy" is no more than your opinion. No, saying that your find gay sex "icky" is appropriate.  Do you know where the highest incidence of HIV is? It is among heterosexuals in Sub-Saharan Africa. Incidentally, the cohort with the lowest incidence of HIV is lesbians.
100% you will take no responsibility for anything that goes wrong with Pride , the parade or events.   You need scapegoats and the only question is who. Certainly white man like Tory,  Toronto's white gay male population , and white police officers are the easy targets.
If all Scheer does is stay away from Rebel himself while encouraging others to participate - it will be a replay of what seems to have happened when Scheer stayed home to give soft ball interviews and Kent and Rempel appeared to loudly condemned Trudeau and Canada on FOX and affiliates in the USA.  In other words - it will be a continuation of Harper's stance of pretending to be the elder statesmen while the minions issued dog whistles to those intolerant of Muslims, gays, immigrants, refugees, etc.
Well stated, thank you.  If this were the Middle Ages, this Bishop (and a number of commentators here) would be burning gays and lesbians at the stake.
The story IS her side of the story, Stephen Hawking.  Has anybody else noticed that a certain commenter—let's call him Dick—never ever ever misses a chance to comment on the articles about gays? Dude's gaydar is like the Hubble Telescope. And he sees gays everywhere—like the nice woman who wrote the column about tolerance this morning; she talked about going to gay bars with her husband. Or a public bathroom. Or a locker room. Whenever the gay is threatening to get good, Dick is johnny on the spot.  And you guys flew all the way to Alaska from Texas to get all up in our Pride thing? Seriously? Sort of like one of those theme cruises, I guess. I'm sure there must be places in Amarillo you could run into some nice fellas.   Just something to think about Dick and Dave: if both you boys are THAT anti-gay, you're probably gay. Hope that helps you sort out some feelings.
A PSA from Jaded: Parents Beware! If your child feels sad over a broken toy or a missed play date, it could lead to thoughts of transgenderism. Please buy the kid a pony and a new bicycle, take them to Disneyland, sing campfire songs to them - anything to cheer them up lest they decide to change gender.
Perhaps next year they can celebrate the challenges faced by gay police officers.
I wasn't actually sure of the intent of the letter writer, but some people seem to be interpreting it as trans = non human.
The gay guy in a cell with the lesbian.  That would be good!
I think you view the Church's perspective as referring to homosexuals and not their acts is because homosexuals define themselves by the acts that they engage in; there is no separation between the act and the person.  I have sex with my wife, yes, for self-gratification.  But I married my wife to have children and form a family, not to have a sex partner.  I suppose there is some bonding element to the act, seeing that is how our children were conceived, but we do not engage in sodomy of any sort even though that would feel good.  She is disgusted by the thought of it, and I am quite satisfied with using my body the way it is clearly intended to be used.  I think that God (or evolution, for the secularists) has made it pretty clear that we're not supposed to use our sex organs for recreation.  We need only look at the sexual ills of our society (STDs, adultery, porn, teen pregnancy, single motherhood, pedophilia, gay bathhouses, prostitution, etc....) to see what is right and intended
Because a small group of politically correct leftists who can't exist without government handouts will squander the money on programs for trans-gendered Muslims and Vegan Lesbians...
Violence may well start when someone calls another *fag.  Name calling is not meant as endearment. Calling a guy afag is not to promote positive intetaction. The fact is thatfag and a few other choice references to gay sex are intended as put-downs. Should we go along in our ignorant bliss because that's what we learned, we may as well go back to the terms of endearment for blacks, Germans, Jews, Japanese and Chinese. I find you to be a tiresome asole and I say that with the utmost admiration, obviously.
The suicide rate for homosexuals is 4x greater (CDC stat).  Use of psychoactive drugs high.  Gay in this sense is a huge misnomer.
There is no law in Colorado that says I have to respect anything. I do not respect the baker or his beliefs. I do not respect the gays who wanted a cake or their beliefs.  No matter if you respect anything, you are obliged to follow state law. The baker agreed to follow state law and then he violated it. He could move to a different state and discrimanate against gays all the live long day, legally.
"Gay marriage" ... what a contradiction in terms ... but people think if they vote for it, it will be a reality... :))  It is a sad, very sad state of affairs, when people think that the truth about reality is a matter of majority vote. :)) You know ... like Supreme court decides, tat 2+2=5 :)), or Supreme Court decides that blacks are inferior ...     I find this sooo sad ... when people have to resort to the coercive force of the law (decided by majority vote) to twist reality into their image and likeness. What an extreme form of narcissism this is....       In every other area of life people would lough their heads of at such silliness, but when it comes to sexuality ... people eyes get glassed over ... and they start to see and think things ... very strange things .
Richard Stacy  Neo-Nazis are not a protected class, and gay couples have not been responsible for the extermination of six million  people. And lest you forget, the Nazis were murdering gays, too. How can you not understand the issue, and why do you try to make this false equivalency?
Just how do you see what girl is on her cycle?  I have been trying for years, but my wife's sneaks up on me every time until I hear about it loud and clear.         Sure it is stupid and backwards that girls prey at the back, it is stupid only men can become priests, it is stupid some Evangelicals call for the death of homosexuals.....   It is not stupid however to try and understand and get along.  Kind of irony here Chuck but I am assuming you are defending liberal Muslims :)  ...If they are shunned by their conservative Muslim's then we have their backs don't we?
You write like you're the one that wrote Lynn Gattis' talking point about doing away with the senior citizens, Gay.  How much did you get paid for that script?
Psychiatrists talk to gays with infinite affirmation, while gays continue to kills themselves at 4x the base rate of the population (CDC numbers).   time to rethink infinite affirmation.
I bet she uses poppers, like all the lesbians do
You're using the example of outsiders interrupting a GLBT event to talk about how "intolerant" the GLBT community is.  Read that a few more times, Dick. Maybe that'll break through that cognitive dissonance of yours.   Let us know when those horribly intolerant GLBT people show up at your church picnic with megaphones. Until then, shut the f**k up.
Toronto's  media and  politicians have no idea, nor do they care how angry the men of the Gay Community of Toronto  really are. I can't even call it LGBT  anymore.  The men have been thrown under  the political bus yet again  and Tory thinks  we still have much to celebrate.  We have every reason to say FUQUE U
gary - Islam considers women to be on the same level as dogs and condemns homosexuals to death.  Can you speak to that?
No doubt these gay Chechens will be bringing their wife and children just in case anyone they know sees them in Canada and threatens their family back home in Chechnya.
It is interesting that you refer to transgenders as queer.  Not too long ago gays were also referred to as queer.  Do you have a bias against the transgenders and gays?
For decades, religious conservatives attacked gay people to appeal to the Republican base and score election victories. But gay people can get married, and our country still stands. Now, transgender people are being used as religious conservatives' bogeymen. It's what bathroom bills are about. It's what scare campaigns in various cities in the South were used for to deny transgender people anti-discrimination rights. Trump can't get healthcare insurance reform passed. The Russia investigations are ongoing. Trump can't get Attorney General Jeff Sessions to get the hint to leave. Trump's White House functions like the movie "Animal House". So, Trump attacks Hillary Clinton and transgender people as a way to keep his base happy. A White House staffer gloated to a reporter that the president's ban on transgender people serving in the military would make Democratic congresspeople in midwestern states quake with fear. So, kicking out trans servicemembers is all about politics. Shameful.
"proud" boys are really just a bunch of gay boys.
Go back to raping young boys McElroy and stay out of American politics you fat pedophile pig  The Catholic Church has become a joke  The socialist communist pope preaching to Trump to take more Muslim murderous refugees and ms 13 drug dealing child rapists DUI sucking American taxpayers dry  While IGNORING THE MASS GENOCIDE OF COPTIC CHRISTIANS AND GAYS AND WOMEN THROUGHOUT ARAB WORLD WHILE SWEEPING THE PEDOPHILE CRIMES OF PRIEST LIKE MCELROY UNDER THE CARPET FU CATHOLIC CHURCH BTW IM CATHOLIC BUT THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IS BECOMING A COMMUNIST VIOLENT ORGANIZATION
Oh noes! It's the gay agenda and their plan of white/xtian/male genocide!!!!
Another failed attempt to discredit by the lying moron.  I’m all for foreigners being admitted to the U.S., but I fully support a common-sense procedure according to the rule of law.  That’s not bigotry you deranged mental case, it’s what every nation in the world does. God loves all of us sinners and desires that we each do what we must to cooperate with his graces, which first and foremost requires that we stop sinning.  God does not allow people into Heaven who remain obstinate in sin.  If you truly loved God and neighbor you would encourage people to stop sinning, period.  You don’t.  You want the Church and all of society to accept homosexual behavior as normal and laudable.  It isn’t and never will be.  You are bigoted and hateful toward all those who won’t follow your sick and perverted paganesque morality.  THAT is what isn’t Christ-like, you sicko.
<Some are good people who were duped.> If they were duped it's because they willfully choose to confine their "news" to Fox, Limbaugh, Drudge, et al. No sympathy there from me.  <some are afraid of a world changing faster than they can make sense of and some just don't know what to do with their discontent.> Cry me a river! If that's their pitiful excuse for voting for the P*ssy Grabber-in-Chief, that's not nearly good enough. Try again.  Finally, I think we already understand Red State voters who voted against their own economic interests well enough. Many, if not most, were guided by Fox News' methodical twenty-year demonization of Hillary Clinton, many of them truly do hate blacks, gays, Mexicans, and Muslims, and will never ever vote for a Democrat because of that and because they think Republicans affirm their various phobias and hatreds.   When you can figure out a way to circumvent that mindset by all means let the rest of us know. Then we'll be on to something.
The study will never be pursued because the strides that homosexual activists have made in the last 20 years have been accomplished by burying same-sex sodomy within the term "gay," and now "lgbt," and holding those terms out as about nothing but love and tolerance.  Gay and sodomy, you can't have one without the other, as the old song goes.
I know lots of gay people, and to be honest, I don't engage in this discussion with them but I wish I could.  On the one hand, I would want to help save them from their sin; on the other hand, I wouldn't want to lose a friendship because of being wrongly deemed judgmental of the persons, not their acts.  I know parents go through the same things.  The sad thing is that those who have "come-out," - i,e., have given up on opposite relationships and chosen same-sex relationships and sex acts - seem NOT interested in discussing their choice and are angered by those who would question it.
You are entitled to your opinion, but you are not entitled to claim that your opinion is Catholic, or that the Catholic Church must employ people in gay civil marriages.
I am always amazed just how much time and energy the tightie righties spend talking about gay MALE sex.  It is as if they have a obsession over it.   It is all they can think about....hmmmm.... that is kind a suspicious in and of itself.   Especially since:   A.  It is none of their business what other consenting adults do. B.  It does not affect them or their private lives in the least. C.  It does not affect the church in the least. D.   Again, it is none of their freaking business what other consenting adults do.    Personally, I think their obsession has a lot to do with either either think or know they would enjoy it way too much if they ever tried it.   Or, they are just busy bodies who want to impose their particular beliefs on everyone else.   I honestly don't even think it is a religious thing, as much as they wish to make it appear so.   After all, they never seem to worry about many other things Jesus said about interactions with the world.
Leviticus 20:13 commands homosexuals be put to death.
It's cardo212. You get real with your crazy, paranoid views about transgender people serving in the military, the ACA, and the Paris Agreement.
True, I also -miss those ancient days when as a kid I could roam safely, even hitchhike;  families seemed to be stable; folks believed in their excellent public schools;  and we all felt like a part of a warm safe community.  Best of all, in a strange way, was WWII, where we ALL pulled together for the sake of America.  At the same time, our town was probably a "sundown" town, as no blacks or other minorities seemed to live there; girls weren't encouraged to finish college or take most jobs; gays and lesbians, if we thought of them at all, were just "queers";  the environment was too often  a place to dump trash;  forests were overcut and not adequately replanted, etc.  So is life better or worse today?  That is a long and complex question.
be truthful, you don't love ben, you love what he stands for - anti rail.  about muslims, whose religion hates women, hates all other religions, will kill anyone who so much denigrate their religion, hates gays, etc.  do you love them?  do you love whites that hate blacks and all minorities?  or hate them?  do you hate native Hawaiians who hate haoles?  you are a hypocrite.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
Say what? Failure of the Gay UN troops????? How do we know their sexual orientation?
Your examples of moral equivalency fail to hit the mark by a long shot.  First of all, the United States is not a Christian nation. European countries -- forget about it!  Secondly, no one commits atrocities in the Name of our Savior.  Islamic terrorists regularly kill and enslave in the name of Islam and even cry out "Allah Akbar" when committing their crimes against humanity.  A genocide against Christians is taking place right now in Islamic countries.  The atrocities against women and gays are unspeakable.   Christians and Muslims have a different understanding of the God of Abraham. For Muslims, this God is pure will.  For Christians, God is love.
Oh, then was his comment just an academic exercise, or does he think that all Catholics should adopt his opinions?  I really don't see the point of having all Catholics become Episcopalians just because he thinks they should.  Much easier for him to go where he already agrees with the teaching; don't you thinks so?  The fact is, Elgabalus has adopted the homosexual identity which, by definition, means that he thinks all of his problems as a "gay" man are the result of a Catholic Church that teaches his attraction to other men is disordered and that sodomy is a sin.
LGBTQ snowflakes don't know how to compromise.  Just want things their way as if they're in the majority and the rest of us don't exist. Though I'm not gay (and I'm certainly not homophobic), I try my best to support and sympathize with the LGBTQ cause. But when I see selfishness like this, it's difficult not to think "Just put on your big girl panties and  suck it up, buttercup!" (But, oh, that's just too politically-incorrect to even think that...no less state it on a public message board)
If anyone can post a SINGLE Muslim nation that treats women and gays as equal in law, I'd be very curious to hear it.
This week, our Pope, in a homily stated that gay men are not fit to be priests basically because they are feminine, he made jokes about how an old cleric was making fun of a new priest because he was examining his look in his fancy clerical garb just like a woman would.    Gender segregation is a split by gender.  Most men are married in our church, so they too have no authority.  Optional celibacy will open a flood gate to married men-which is why this priest, in the article, described that thousands of married men will jump right in, the moment the pope gives the ok -thousands in Brazil alone.  So all those women who have been leading parishes as lay ministers are gone & replaced, even if they are made deacons they have no authority.  Celibacy causes no one harm so it is not wrong & no one has to be a priest.  I have no problem with optional celibacy if we are ordaining married women too but it should not be at the cost of women.  Black men have a voice in our church.  Women do not.
So do bigots and racists that rear their horny heads every time a pathetic shooting, homeless, Native, or LGBT news article is posted.  Thanks, Ridgefield for proving my point.  And yeah you too, Kyle Craig.  Your trigger "like" finger must have a giant calus by now.
"Many young people are not allergic to the truths of the faith or to the church, but they simply don't know anything or know very little about the faith"   The good old "what we need to do is catechize them properly". Perhaps they do know what the teachings are -- things like "women are inferior to men" or "gays are 'intrinsically disordered" or "contraceptives are evil" and reject them. And, of course, there is the whole clerical sexual abuse mess, especially the cover-up by the bishops.
I understand your position, but let me bring a counterpoint. "Someone may be uncomfortable" is not really the best comparison. The simple threat of bathroom bills like this have resulted in more than 20 women being assaulted for being allegedly "transgender" across the country. Transgender people have faced actual bodily harm and death at a far higher rate than average society. This isn't simply "feeling uncomfortable" it's actually a matter of personal safety.  As for non-transgender people being uncomfortable: Why are we so worried about what other people are doing in the bathroom if it doesn't directly affect us? I feel uncomfortable around people that open-carry guns because I know there's lots of idiots out there. Does that means I campaign against the right to open carry? No.
So in other words a friendly, peace-oriented gay organization got taken out by a terror group  This is how hate groups,, Marxists, Communists, Globalists, etc infiltrate simple good-spirited organizations and turn them into hate spewing, evil, and  mean-spirited gangs.  Expect more of the same in Canada  I walked in pride parades even though I am not gay. I appreciate the spirit of gay community and the general goodwill they have. This is a tragedy.  BLM is all about hate and terror. They hate whites of all walks - period. Their actions the last 5 years have proven that. What happened??? Evil happened Next up Sharia gangs in our neighborhoods.  This Black and Brown Muslim Terror thing is really the greatest threat to our society I think You can bet the announcements will be ONLY BLACK MUSLIM GAY PEOPLE CAN WALK! (If there are any left) Yup its all about inclusion isn't it?
My optimism is based on the huge volte-face in church teaching on Judaism effected in Nostra aetate #4. Not that I expect to see the same volte-face for gays in my lifetime, -- but maybe in yours.
Not if they are White gay men
Pandora supports homophobia, but she isn't a bigot.
That's because for sure they are better than Trump who obviously a commie sympathizer and having a bromance going on gay attraction with Vladimir Putin.
Don't invite Trump period.  Let him flail around for a few months until he's impeached.  Then I suppose we'll have to invite the creationist, anti-gay, misogynist Pence, but at least he won't be grabbing women's genitals when he gets off the plane.
You're the one making claims.  I called you on it.  You couldn't produce.  Just demagoguery and animus toward gay people.  You're muted.
“Even in an administration that has already made its hostility” toward the gay community clear, [attorney] Melling said, “I find this nothing short of shocking.” It always slays me how attorneys always find Defendants actions reprehensible; yet the next week they are representing someone on the opposite side of the fence.
Who believes You?  The New York Times is a joke.  Clinton set up Bill for sex.  Her daughter according to Bill was sired by Hubbell.  Papers won't print her lesbian affairs.  She has never been a success at anything.  She is lying, conniving criminal.  Her husband is a rapist and a congential liar. No more Bush or Clinton.  Donald isn't perfect but he is a better gamble than the pant-tent sleaze.
Didn't Jesus forgive and give mercy to everyone?  Do you think His Mother would undercut her own Son?  I think words like "lesbian porn" are just other forms of "walls" that people throw up, so that they can draw back into themselves.  We need to break down those sorts of wall, and be open to surprises.  What would Francis say and do?  Didn't he just meet with prostitutes and so forth?  Or is it the lesblian side of things that prejudice doesn't allow you to forgive?  You're forgiving about heterosexual immorality, but draw the line on homosexual immorality?  Help us sort this one out.
I am totally disgusted with this article.  Sarah is comparing not letting transgender people serve in the military to the Nazi roundup and murder to millions of Jews (along with Roma, communists, the challenged and some Catholics). Man, she is a disgusting d.b.
Pence is fundamentally evil - particularly toward LGBT folks - but at least he's not insane, like Trump is.  That's our new standard for the presidency - not being insane.  Trump has lowered the bar to a pathetic, low level.
You declare that homosexual acts are immoral and evil.  I declare that you are evil for trying to devastate a group of people just for being who they are.  So whose declaration should carry greater weight?
Nothing like being gay and hanging in Gaza City town square.
There is no such thing as LGBT divorce. Insisting on making our relationships different from "mainstream" relationships is ridiculous. I married my long-time partner, fell in love with someone else, divorced and remarried. Whether I am gay or not hardly matters.
SMH. "The world wuz better when wimmen couldn't vote or have a job!" Good lord.  I'm sure you're not interested in facts, but many cultures have been comfortable with TG people for millenia.  Transgenderism wasn't created by "feminism" just like feminism didn't create troglodytes who think anyone but a cis white male Christian is inferior to them.  The troglodytes always existed, but now we hear more from them due to their death throes. Bye trogs! We won't miss you.
Your comment about gravity has NOTHING WHATSOEVER to do with gays marriage. Since you start your comment with a logical fallacy--the Red Herring--why should anyone accept what else you say?  Your sneer at gays as immoral simply shows your homophobia.
Blame our forefathers:  "....We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, ...."  BTW, I'm not gay.  I am respectful of the rights of others, though.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_men_are_created_equal
Now let's turn the tables for a minute. Imagine if the gay community staged a sit-in at Toronto's annual Caribbean Festival Parade (previously known as Caribbana), to highlight violence, homophobia and discrimination toward gays in Caribbean and African countries? I can only imagine the reaction from the black revellers in the crowd. There is a massive stench of hypocrisy to BLM: don't preach about racism and human rights to the gay community when the countries of your origin have appalling human rights records when it comes to gays. What is happening with Toronto Pride is a classic case of trying to be all things to all people: when you try to do that, you become nothing. The Pride Board had better wake up and pick its allies very carefully, and not cave in to the naked coercion and manipulation of BLM. The police and their various police services in Ontario have been a wonderful and joyful presence at Pride for many years, with their outreach information booths and colourful floats.
It didn't mention anything about the ageing of the men in the country and the loss of so many young to wars and other stupidity. Maybe it's the new low cut jeans so Levi manufacturers can save material and charge more for Relaxed Fit and so having to wear them around the waist tightens the crotch and beer bellies don't help. Maybe it's why there are getting to be so many trans genders, who knows but the birth rate causing more women to be born then men will show up in the evolution of politics in the country and in the military.
The baker should just put a sign out front that says, "We refuse to serve gays for religious reasons."  He should move to a state where it is legal to discriminate against gays.
I don't think selectively targeting gay marrieds represents any respectable standard.
I think it should be known publicly and for the record that gays and lesbians resent being lumped in with transgendered persons, do not identify with trangendered persons, and resent the acronym "LGBT" (a relatively recent acronym coined by left-leaning social engineers). Sexual orientation and gender identity are two completely different things. As we have seen with the "former" Bruce Jenner, he/she has clearly stated that he/she is not gay. Transgendered persons really need to begin their own movement, and not hijack and ride on the coattails of the gay and lesbian human rights movement.
Your not afraid for young women.  You are worried about yourself.  Don't worry, i am pretty sure the transgender is not a communicable disease.  Bruce Jenner?  What disgrace?  Celebrate the sick?   Why do you care so much?  By your comments, any mentally ill people should not be allowed to use public restrooms.  Remember, you do not want to "celebrate" the sick.  Please adjust tinfoil.
And gay people don't choose their orientation, either.  Maybe that's a discussion you should have with your bevy of gay friends.
Presumably, your "non PC Big Tent" allows for free expression by gays, Muslims and NAMBLA, too.
You sound like a part of our problem not a solution. The slur on gay folks and the Pepe the frog  cartoon showing Trump forcing himself on a blond woman (Hilary?) give you away. Go spread your hate elsewhere.
Canon 1083 #3 has no bearing on gay marriage, as the impediment is not sterility, but the unnaturalness of the so-called sex acts involved.
Yes...it's the homo stuff.   Deal with it.
I'd scratch it up to your gay friends being as humorless as yourself, but I strongly believe you are making them up since I've yet to meet a gay person who wasn't above making fun of others or themselves.  And, your assumption that straight people can't be friends with gay people is bigoted and reveals your true motives here.
and HIV epidemic enabler and homophobic who believes one can "pray away the gay".  Lastly, the requirement for funerals for miscarried pregnancies....wow.
David if you were there for the purpose of harassing the gays quite whining and just go back to Texas. Alaska used to be a live and let live state until the bible belters brought their religion and insisted they needed to "save" everyone from themselves. If you don't approve or care for the gays just keep away from where they frequent. It's pretty simple to mind ones own business.
You probably don't consider yourself a bigot and I hope you aren't one, yet your post perfectly exemplifies how bigots think. They see some characteristic they think is true of some members of a group, and then make blanket statements about those groups, e.g. "white folks" or "black folks" or "transgender people." Nobody thinks they are a bigot, they just don't much care for ____ people because of ____.  Aside from the hateful nature of such characterizations, the biggest problem with this approach is that it perpetuates the racial and cultural divide and the profiling you claim to abhor. Please be part of the solution, and not part of the problem.
You blame the Church; but the blame lies with the individuals embracing their inclination to engage in sinful activity.    If there is reason to blame the Church, it's for letting the homosexuals infiltrate in the first place.  You don't need Father Martin to tell you that he has same-sex attraction, do you?  Now the homosexual having infiltrated and taken over, I'm not sure what those who adhere to the teaching of the Bible can do about it.  They've already drummed a Pope out of power.  I believe that this is how Satan wields his power; through feminized, almost pathetic, reasonable-sounding guys like Martin.  Remember the serpent in Genesis?
Yes the language is unclear, but the message is very clear - the Vatican hierarchs do not want gay men in the priesthood period.   This is the proverbial nail in the coffin on vocations for an organization that does not ordain women or generally allow married men.    When I walked out the door of the Roman Catholic Church, I have never looked back.    I love many Catholics, but the Roman Catholic Church is a misogynist and homophobic institution that has oppressed different groups for centuries.   It is dying out in the west, and will eventually only exist in developing countries.   Gay Christians  will find a home in the Episcopal Church, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, and the United Church of Christ where they are generally welcomed in the ministry.
It appears to me that this particular case is most likely to be addressed as a freedom of religion "right" to abstain from serving same-sex persons, which I believe is the wrong way to address it.  Regardless of how this case turns out, it's likely to have be brought up again in the future as a pure freedom of speech issue... Something along the lines of "If I create art, do I have to create it the way people want me to?  Do I have to write on a cake what they want me to write on it?  Do I have to put the decorations on the cake that they want?"  I don't see this as the purely religious "discrimination" issue that it currently is.  It's much bigger than that. Unfortunately, this is an "us versus them" case that's probably not going to address the bigger issue... "Are We Regulating Thought?  Is my custom creation subject to the whims of others?" Is George R.R. Martin going to have to re-write his series so that an equal number of gay and straight characters die?
No doubt the question was framed to make you out to be a masochistic, myopic, homophobic, misogynistic white bigoted racist if you said no.
Wombat, despite my strong opposition to transgendered people serving in the military, I have to agree with you on every single point mentioned here.  Although I agree with Trump on many points, he himself is an idiot.
Obama lied to Americans on same-sex marriage.
Come in your car, come on the bus, crawl out of your box, every tranny, woman, and cisgendered male has a claim on the impeachment of this fool!  Just bring your own hypodermic needles
problem is too distinguish the Real Gay from the Fake Gay for Conservatives this is a problem for Liberal progressive it is not because they naively think there is no such thing as Fake Gay
Gee Whitakers. You post a comment in this newspaper and you get your account deleted. Just because you are against islamic misogyny and muslims throwing gays off buildings.  I thought we all could be against that type of hatred.  I guess not.
generally you are correct.  but as I see it, trump's candidacy is due to the Obama's presidency.  many white folks were startled that a black man could be president of the us.  now, these folks were trying to take back America and make it white America again.  many of trumpy's policies are based on racism, anti minorities and gay, isolationism, etc.  Obama during this administration appointed many minorities and blacks to high level positions in government and the military and the whites felt discriminated by this.  they feel that America has become brown and want to make it white again.  I am referring to the white suprememists, there are also many whites who truly believe in race equality, but there are many, many whites who believe that they are supreme.
A third term for Obama?  Yeah!  More Muslim prayer rugs and transgender dressing in the military, more national debt--let's go for $50T.  Fewer to no Christian crosses and crèches anywhere.   More inedible school lunches,.  More unemployed and underemployed.  More bypassing the U.S. Constitution.  More freebies for the masses supported by more taxes for working people.  More tribes--class tribes, racial tribes, generation tribes, gender tribes, gender identity tribes.  More big government control of everything because we, the people, are too stupid to decide what's best for us in our own towns and states.  More hypocrisy--"do what I say but the rules don't apply to me and my political kind."  More straw men, so many we will think we are a nation of scarecrows.  I am so weary of having my intelligence insulted virtually every time Obama opens his mouth.  It's incredibly sad that so many people don't realize when they being called stupid.
Shisaisama, you're back! Did you imagine that Jesus asked you to go back on Civil Beat to blaggard gay people again?
"...feminists have said that they were racist in supporting white men over sisters "of color;" or opportunists in clinging to men who held power; or secret misogynists, haters of women, who had come to despise their own kind."  I hope the Democratic party clings to this message of identity politics.  The empty calories of: "it is not because I am unqualified or incompetent rather it is because they are racist, mysoginist, xenophobic, homophobes who hate transgenders, that you should NOT vote for them.  Look at me I am your only real alternative so hold you nose and vote for me because I belong to one of our glorious special interest groups." Even people that pass the Special Interest groups litmus test want leadership and a vision.  Nobody likes a negative messsssssage.
I think that Lincoln would suffice as a hero and I was around when all of this rebranding was going on so I think I know a little about what I am speaking about. If you want to hang your hat on Nixon bringing in Southern racists into the republican party.  Think again Nixon brought in the voters that were disgusted that the Democrats brought to the table like the KKK, Jim Crow in the south. Yes, they were religious and yes they were conservative as far as racist or anti-Constitution you are wrong.  A hallmark of the Conservative agenda is preserving the Constitution, something the Democrats have tried to dismantle ever since it was written.   Regarding identity politics, clearly you are either unwilling to see what is going on around you or are ignorant. By dividing the country up into special interests Poor Whites, Blacks, Asians, Gays, Straights, Rich, Poor only serves to weaken us.
sure let's support a religion that discriminates against women, kills gays for gayness and wants to vaporize Jews - let's endorse the hatred and bow down to it - this religion is overall the most the tyrannical, intolerant value system known to man - hey editorial writer wonder why Canada is ripe for a populist uprising - its cuz u keep telling people that criticism is racism when it is not and for u to cherry pick single incidents as relevant proof shows how shallow ur arguments are - where was ur team when anti-semitism was rearing its ugly head at McGill or do u editorial writers at the G&M condone violence aginst a specific group - maybe we should punch a journo today - shows how limited ur thinking is but go on back to ur silo and listen for the echo to confirm ur bias - wrong on some many levels but that's the G&M Canada's answer to fake news
"We reserve the right to refuse service to ..." Blacks, Jews, Irish, gays, Catholics. That what you mean?  The right of the private owner to practice discrimination is a bogus "right".   The government has always defined the rights of citizens. It's one of the things that governments do.
Best ban republicans from bathrooms then, cause they have had far more instances of being gay in restrooms than the fantasy that trans people are using bathrooms for rape.   Also, the Lord tells you not to judge. Directly. He is the judge, you are a simply misguided creature that he created. So do not assume to be a god or know what any God is thinking.
Elagabalus, I would like to apologize to you and to all other gay posters here for the atrocious way you are singled out for disrespect by this wretched action and many others by our bishops.   Please never doubt for one second that Jesus weeps with you whenever you are subject to discrimination by any of his creatures, and that Jesus tears blind him in anguish when the discrimination is perpetrated by one of his bishops.   Words are unable to express the disgust I feel for those here who choose to insult you directly in reply. Empathy is called for; it is very difficult not to assume insults come from hardened hearts.  You speak wisely:   "The real scandal is the church's treatment of gay people, and everyone knows it. It is the church's everlasting shame, which is one of the reasons why young people are abandoning the church in droves. They know real scandal when they see it, and it's not married gay people going to communion."  Amen. Amen. Amen.
"the terms of the business license " So, if a gay business owner refuses to serve conservative Christians because the gay business owner is deeply offended by their anti-gay beliefs, that business owner will face a civil complaint of discrimination on the basis of religion. And the owner will lose. Because being gay isn't covered by the First Amendment's religious clauses But! Now we are going to let conservative Christians discriminate against gay people and couples because it violates the Christians' religious beliefs to serve them. An entire class of people will be able to tell another class of people, in defiance of state laws across the country, to literally go to Hell. This is about power. This is about conservative Christians restoring the old governmentally-enforced social order of conservative Christians feeling superior to gay people.
I guess you can believe whatever you like.  But "these gays are out of control" is a hateful thing to say.  I suppose you think blacks and Hispanics have their place, too.  Imagine anyone's audacity in asserting their rights.  You are the one who needs to get a grip.  These folks affect you in no way whatsoever.  Why didn't you simply say "I hate gays, and enjoy getting myself worked up worrying about what they're going to do?"
But what happens if a disgruntled Canadian blabs to the outside world about fiascos like the South Africans with special sticks designed to put out forest fires while rejecting help from the U.S.? Or the sale of Canadian hi-tech companies with military applications that can threaten much of the G20? Freeloading off of every NATO member at the G20? Trudeau's human rights violation? Abandoning its strongest ally a few hours after he's elected. Becoming the only country to legalize pot at the same time you get to avoid your military bills thanks to the U.S. Looking a lot more guilty selling out to the Chinese than TRump does selling out to the Russians. Paying 10 million dollars and an apology to a terrorist with ties to OBL. Taking many bows for announcing grand peace keeping plans with the UN but doing nothing. Showing solidarity with countries inundated with refugees by taking only homosexuals, families and orphans. One slip of the lip and its over.
Homosexual "marriage" is a public sinful act, recognized as such by the Canon Law and leading de facto to excommunication
The Church uses "dehumanizing" language to refer not to the human beings with same-sex attraction but to the acts in which they engage.    What distinguishes two men in a lifelong friendship who love one another and two "homosexual" men?  No one ever wants to talk about that because it's "none of my business" what someone does in the bedroom;" but if you want to talk about the Church's position you have to talk about it.  No act is more obviously human than the sexual act that leads to creation; nothing is as dehumanizing as rejecting that act and participating in an imitative, purely self-gratifying act with the same sex.  Ignoring sin makes everyone more comfortable, but that doesn't make the sin go away.  Indeed, we are all called not only to help the adulteress from being stoned to death but also to let ask her to repent for her sin.
But what kind of positive action is ever possible if you also promote a culture of death (abortion, homosexuality, euthanasia)?  You're just handwaving and signaling your virtue.
Ok social justice warrior, pretend you are gay and order a wedding cake from a Muslim bakery!
Gays got a whole tale.
This is just President Trump shutting down all of Obama's idiotic legacies forever. What did these Pentagon traitors expect? How about we worry about gays in the military when we run out of willing normal straight people? Like in a large World War. I have had enough of the pandering to special interest groups that Obama and all Democrats do. What are these tranny's going to do anyway? Make snarky comments about the boots or uniform the enemy wears? Prance around like Ru Paul? How about they "dance fight" the enemy. Perhaps they swish them to death? Or strangle them with their feather boa?  Honestly, anyone who thought this was a good idea in the first place is a complete moron who didn't have the brains God gave geese.
If that should happen and none of us will still be here but I feel very sorry for our descendants, especially our female descendants. Islam is not exactly known for equality among the sexes. Gays will have to back into the closet. And all meat animals with the exception of pigs will suffer even more at the time of slaughter.
RD has to remind us of his homophobia again. Conservative political correctness insists that sexual abuse by clergy is the fault of "the gays", and pretends that pedophilia and homosexuality are entwined.
I'm a Democrat and this may be the most rambling, incoherent, idiotic comment I have ever read on this message board. We protect airports to prevent terrorists from taking planes with hundreds of innocent people down. Remember 9/11? It isn't because of some irrational fear "old white guys" harbor.  So you are blaming  "old white guys" for the fact that a gay nightclub was not protected by TSA employees? Deborah, it must be nice to live in your little black and white bubble world where if it just wasn't for "old white men" the world would be a peaceful, and equitable place.   Get over George Bush. Find a new boogey man to blame your paranoid fantasies on. And sorry you married (or had a relationship) with a controlling man. That was your mistake, so don't paint all men with brush of the jerk you married.
MEN OF CALGARY: GO GAY! It is the only thing that will save your skin. But in today's heated feminist empire, being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety.
it could be said that Asians and Native gays have been part of the Pride flag all along.
It's already the best place to live.  If not for majority America, the Japs would have annihilated all of the Natives, like they tried to do in China.  Stop outdated liberal progressive race stirring to promote the gay agenda!  How about no wavemaker allowed?
Speaking of which, the experience of those priests is highly pertinent to understanding why the sex abuse scandal came to be.  These were gay men.  Ergo, they were attracted to young boys.  The counter argument to this, I guess, is that the abusing priests were actually hetero men, and for reasons no one can explain, they inexplicably found young boys an irresistible attraction.  Talk about your denial and groupthink.
Please source your material that says ID believes gays are inferior people . You can't.
Narcissism is quite common in those who adopt a homosexual identity.
FOTF hates my family. They want to take away our marriage and don't believe we should be allowed to have kids. They're listed as a hate group, and their main objective is to make life as miserable as possible for gay Americans. Absolutely sickening organization.
Yes, they did ban gay priests.  Then more recently they banned gay seminarians.  And gay marriage remains as banned as ever.
Get a load of this: "A rant from a misogynistic, homophobic racist is allowed on 'Civil' comments." That's just stunning! Fedup808 has labelled Frank_96740 a woman-hater, a gay-hater, and a black-hater, but HER OWN comment has apparently passed muster as a "civil comment". What a hypocrite! Where are the controls?
No, Kurgan, We need more modernism in the Church so that everyone can be happy and gay, at least we can pretend can't we? People will flock to the church when we will pretend that the destruction of Sodom and Gormorah was a mistake by our omniscient God and that he really accepts sodomy now. What a wonderful church we will become. We had better start building mega churches!
Thousand of children abused by gay priests.  This cost the Church billions of dollars, and much more.  Now,  Vatican police raided a drug-fueled gay-sex party at an apartment belonging to an aide of one of Pope Francis’ key advisers.  Francesco Cardinal Coccopalmerio’s secretary.   At a house that belongs to the Vatican’s Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith — the arm charged with tackling clerical sex abuse.  So let's build a bridge to bring in even more.   They've given us so much already.
They still throw gays off buildings and stone women.
All major world religions consider homosexuality to be an immoral lifestyle. Why are we letting these people into our country?
"Blacks can ride any public bus they please, as long as they sit in the back"?  Wrong and your thoughts on blacks are abhorrent.  Blacks should ride on any bus on any seat just like gays should be able to buy any pre made cake, because its right.
Fedar is a Homo.
Gays can be thrown from high place, which in the Koran could mean a cliff or mountain, but in practice can simply be a tall building. Toronto has many tall buildings that will suffice.  Gays are also executed in mass hangings in public squares, by hoisting a number of them by their necks from a crane. Children can then throw rocks at the corpses.  Dundas Sq will nicely for that.  If all else fails to exterminate gays there is still the simple gun shot to the head, or sword to the neck.  It is all Inshallah, the will of Allah.  There is nothing we can do to stop it, because it is Islamophobia to object.
After the massacre in Orlando, Muslim leaders and gay rights activist exonerated Islam and blamed Trump .
I attended every Pride from 1981 on the lawn at Hart House to last year's fiasco. .  I have had great times and seen it grow from a little gathering on a lawn to the extravaganza it now is. But i always feared the destruction of Pride was inevitable when a bunch  of angry dykes threatened to kick my teeth in for  showing little pencil sketch of a female nude at  a display of art at Hart House. The creation of the Dyke March, that segregated gay men out to benefit the lesbians was a slice of the pie  too big.  Even the change of the name from GAY Pride to merely Pride was to dilute the contribution of  the men.  What started as a celebration of gay or LGBT unity has become a power struggle where the gay men of Toronto are now classified as racist hate filled bastards who must be cast out.   Yet, we are still expected to pay for it.
Donald - Islam equates women with dogs and they execute homosexuals.   Donald doesn't mention how many Syrian lepers he's welcomed into his home, but I'd bet ten dollars to a stale donut hole the answer is "zero".
People gotta wake up, Obama was never a friend to America.  Lies from the get go and everyone that served in his cabinet were liars and had an anti American agenda.  It's like the GLBT had parades recently across the country, Black Lives Matter interupted and put a stop to it.  When will the gay community learn, when will the straight community learn?  When will they stop supporting this madness, these liars don't give a sh*t about them.
What if the law is something with which you disagree?   How many times have people on the left of the political spectrum ignored the law?  With respect to immigration, we’re all supposed to follow the law, yet something tells me progressives aren’t interested in that law.  Abortion was illegal; the Left certainly didn’t follow the law, they ignored it until they changed it via court fiat.  Same with gay marriage laws. Isn’t it just a wee bit hypocritical to ignore the law when the law is inconvenient to you but to resort to the law when it suits your purpose?
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI! - Hypocrisy is a greater crime than racism.
You assume no gays are Christians and no Christians are gay.   A gay person with religious beliefs is more than welcome to challenge any given law on religious grounds. The fact he is gay doesn't matter. For example, a gay pacifist could challenge draft laws that require him to perform military service. And the court will take his challenge seriously and likely grant him relief.  Religious rights are very real rights found in the Constitution. They are not imaginary rights created by Christians. They exist. They have legal standing. The courts have respected them over the years. And, yes, those rights can conflict with statutory rights, as they do in this case. And they exist as individual rights, not merely group rights. A Christian doesn't have religious rights because he is a Christian; he has those rights because he is a citizen. Everyone, including gays, has those rights. I want to keep them. Some people don't.
What a distortion of St. Catherine's quote.  If this writer truly believes that this wonderful Saint had sexually active homosexuals in mind, then he is truly delusional.  I'm SURE she was not referring to sexually active homosexuals.  It goes to show how liberals/progressives will so distort a great Saint's quotation JUST to justify their sinful behavior.  I'm sure adulterers could say "I'm being who I was created to be."   Sick!  I'm sure Holy Father Francis would agree with me!
According to liberal dementia, a social disease void of intelligence, logic, and shame, it is criminally wrong for a Christian baker to refuse to cater a homosexual wedding because this is discrimination...however, a political correct organic baker can refuse service to events promoting GMO agriculture, Indian Mascots, or a Christian event supporting pro life. This shameless hypocrisy is staggering. There they go again.
This is Alaska. Say that to the wrong gay dude and turned inside-out. I knew a couple of roughnecks from Prudhoe some years ago either of whom could've hoisted-up by the throat with one hand the guy in the picture. Last I heard, they got married in California.
As an EDCATED Gay Catholic Texan, Catholic School from 1st grade to degree in Math & Computer Science from the University of Dallas, cannot express the disgust at the unhinged rant of Paprocki ! I'm embarrassed at the clear VILE and UNCHRISTIAN attitude of his bigoted words !!!  He needs to be drug into a Psych Ward.  I suppose he thinks Trump is acceptable too ?? a VILE sexual predator Russian Conspirator just because he's a Republican? Shame on Paprocki, I wouldn't want my children exposed to HIM !!
Good articlePaul. Plus I learned a new word (bumptiously). This one word best  discribes the current Senate Majority. Arrogant. Arrogant in the fact that their warped morality Trumps any and all ideas that are different then theirs. When discrimination against gays and transgender becomes illegal in Alaska; and it will,  who will these arrogant self righteous demigods have left to discriminate against?
80% of Muslims believe a man has the right to beat his wife if she disobeys him.  54% of Muslims believe homosexuals can be punished with death.  90% of all Muslims believe a woman is worth 1/2 the value of a man. 60% of all Muslims believe killing Jews is not a crime. 80% of Muslims want Sharia law in America. . Yea we want that in Canada and Justin is making sure we get it.
I had two boys go through the Ontario school system these past 20 years and there was no attack on Christianity or war on Christmas. Indeed, the school board renting out the school on Sundays to a fundamentalist church.  The Muslim kids aren't being given prayer rooms. They're being given a room to pray in for about 15 minutes each Friday. It's not a dedicated space.  I think it's really about Haters who failed to banish LGBTQ rights and Gay-Straight Alliances and so have moved on to the Muslims as their Two-Minutes of Hate project. Why? Because it masks what they're really up to, which is promoting their own sectarian religious beliefs.
Bunk, homophobia, stupidity .... assessments, not arguments, not logical, just opinions.  And that, unfortunately, is all you've got.
..it seems that Black gays are more important and entitled then non-black gays --------------------  "Black lives matter" is not a gay organization it is about Black lives  first  and not gay Black lives  why is a non-gay organization determining the mandate of Pride Parade  consider this the end of Pride Parade but in a way serves them right for playing  with politics like Queer Against Israeli Apartheid
Transgender athletes..... Transgender students.....  This is what feminism gets you in society.  This was unheard of only a short 20 years ago.
I'm not sure BLM has earned its place at Pride either, not unless BLM wants to address all of the black hate towards the homosexual community... black rappers advocating to "kill the batty boy", and numerous black African nations where the leaders condone the use of violence and worse against the gay community.  Funny, not a peep from BLM on this kind of violence and hate towards gays.  Howcome?
I am gay as well. And you are an idiot if you think the criminals in Orlando and all Muslims are the same. You do not speak for me.
Bro Country is filled with attractive women so apparently you are not into that.  And that gun violence isn't limited to just bad areas wasn't your point, if it were you would have stated it differently.  No, you were making a comparison about relative safety of the two areas.  And in epoch fashion, you failed.  I note that you didn't bring up a gay nightclub in Orlando, which also, according to you, isn't as safe as Little Mexico.  Are gay nightclubs awful?
Nerds have been 'cool' longer than homosexuals have been 'gay'.
MEN OF CALGARY: GO GAY! It is the only thing that will save your skin. But in today's heated feminist empire, being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety.
Any priest who blesses or even condones same-sex unions is as guilty of mortal sin and sacrilege as the same-sex partners themselves are. It is highly unlikely that God would bless a union which He has already deemed an abomination.
Wow.   This is probably one of the most (if not the most) asinine,  lefty fascist propaganda pieces I have read in a while.  Göebels would be proud of Seattle Weekly.     There are no white supremacist bands here. I love how it says "it is more common for white supremacist bands to promote their ideas subtly".  Yeah,  that way the leftist fascists can call any band or person a racist or a Nazi, and distort their words into bullshit.   Also,  Death in June is not a Nazi band.  A Jewish,  gay,  immigrant who loves black dick (Milo, of course) is not a fascist.   The adjectives listed above of what he is, is every one of the things that Nazis hate.  And Anti-Sharia March was exactly that --  an anti-Sharia march against honour killings, FGM, and killing of gays.
I know this decision will hurt feelings but it is probably the right one. Until society in general comes to terms  with transgender disorder there will be too much drama playing out to have it effect national security.
Would it help you to know the broader definition of the word amoris in Latin in order to understand Amoris Laetitia better?  The homosexuals in the Vatican are still laughing at the inside joke they publicly foisted on the sheep, many of whom remain completely oblivious to the "Joy of Sodomy", which is one translation of the title of this notorius document.   amor, amoris noun declension: 3rd declension gender: masculine  Definitions:  affair affection Cupid love sexual/illicit/homosexual passion the beloved  Age: In use throughout the ages/unknown Area: All or none Geography: All or none Frequency: Very frequent, in all Elementry Latin books, top 1000+ words Source: “Oxford Latin Dictionary”, 1982 (OLD)
a 45-year-old male student, who dresses as a woman and goes by the name Colleen Francis, undressed and exposed his genitals on several occasions inside the woman’s locker room at Evergreen State College.  Students from nearby Olympia High School as well as children at a local swimming club share locker rooms with the college.  According to a police report, the mother of a 17-year-old girl complained after her daughter saw the transgender individual walking naked in the locker room. A female swim coach confronted the man sprawled out in a sauna exposing himself. She ordered him to leave and called police.  The coach later apologized when she discovered the man was transgendered but explained there were girls using the facility as young as six years old who weren’t used to seeing male genitals.
I know what Canadian values are not: xenophobia, Islamophobia, homophobia, or any of the bigotry and hate currently being spewed by the right.
here is a bit of reality.  I am a lesbian.  I was raised in a religious family.  I do not participate in any church or religion since adulthood, yet I fully understand the importance of religious beliefs to many people.  As well, our constitution protects those rights related to religion. Are all you snowflake, wannabe, progressives really so poorly integrated cognitively that you do not see the sheer hypocrisy of the crap you spout?  You would argue unto death for the rights of Muslims to follow their religious beliefs yet, when it comes to the Americans or Europeans, or any other religion like the ones followed by these people, you will argue to the death that their religious beliefs should be trampled upon. well, PHVUCK YOU IDIOTS BTW......I am a liberal, progressive lesbian....so do not waste your chit slinging response on me. As well, That ugly "azz end of a cow in heat" Franken can get PHVUCKED.  He is a whoooore.
Anything to draw attention away from your wrecking of our state, right, legislative Republicans?  LOOK OVER THERE, EVERYONE!! GAYS TRYIN' TO MARRY!!!
Kayden, religion has nothing to do with this. Hinduphobia- no it's cult and self seeking power hungry crooks like your man Butler that jump on the religious wagon who have no qualms about lying and cheating their way up the political ladder.  In Tulsi Gabbard's case, her guru has taken advantage of her cult beliefs she was born into and abused the fact that she is beholden to him. As he says when he initiates his disciples, you are now mine and I will instruct you how you can serve ME. Fanaticism not religion.  Cry yourself silly with all your talk on religious bigotry, homophobic backed support, Hillary Clinton money, and whatever else you can lash out with.  How about all the other religions, I don't see Tulsi and Butler supporting them. In fact she down right degrades the Muslims. Butler has always spoken very unkindly of Gays, Blacks, Muslims Christians and Jews.  Beware Hawaii, Tulsi and anyone who adheres to him, has no place in our democratic system.
Then why are you reading the Fox News Comment section?  Sounds like you are a closet racist Alexandra!! I mean you wouldn't go look at gay porn if you weren't some what inclined to that proclivity.
It's not a thrill; it's an ongoing attempt to stop the semantics games that homosexual activists employ to "dial down," or rather hide, the primary characteristic of homosexuality that distinguishes it from heterosexuality.  Because they know that humans find the acts repulsive, incomparable in value to real sex.
You can't know how much I appreciate your comment, thanks.  After my mother accepted that I as a gay man--indeed human--and her loving son, she cringed and even shook every time DP spewed more of his radical Christian hate rhetoric. He is a radical, no doubt. Sooner or later her will go after divorced folks, blacks and on and on. His is ayatollah behavior. Be safe you and your brother.
what's this the prophet reminded all worshipers the rights that women have and no other ethnic group or race has superiority over another that's why in Saudi Arabia they do not let women drive cars, women  cannot go out in public unless there covered and they hang Homosexuals, there Prophet is a liar because they still follow his way on doing these things I mentioned here.
To clear this up for everyone:  What the hierarchy is demanding is that men pretend not to be gay like they used to do in the 1950's, if you want to be ordained.  It really isn't very hard to read between the lines folks.  If you aren't straight and you want to be a priest - fake it!
Unless you are gay.  Then, not so much.  Not a good guy.
He's the kind of pervert we have to worry about in our kids bathroom not transgender folks
Honor a convicted felon who put military lives at risk with some misguided notion releasing classified information was somehow righteous?  Or is it a case of a University trying to prove itself righteous by extending the invitation to a transgendered Obama forgiven creep?  Manning deserved a firing squad.  Harvard should be ashamed.
Bill, is it possible that transgender youth feel suicidal because large portions of society tell them that they are damned and will spend eternity burning in hell? Are their feelings of alienation increased when classmates carry their parents' ignorant, homophobic beliefs onto the playground and try to 'fix' these people?    If you want "adults to stand up and call it nonsense," I'd focus on the nonsense of those who seem to believe they understand God's plan for each of us and disparage those who do not align with said beliefs.
Pathetic Methodists.  Lesbians gone mad.  Penis envy everywhere.  They are on a sinking ship and they continue to punch holes in the side.  What can we say.  If contraception is ok then anything goes.   Romans one.  Wow.  Hate to be them when judgment day comes.
Shar, When the scandal story first broke, there was a protracted effort by the bishops to define the scandal VERY narrowly.  They zeroed in almost instantly on "ephebophilia" (I believe that was the term) in an effort to define this ONLY as being gay predators on pre-pubescent teens.  Think about that for a moment in the context of what we now know.  Sadly, I fear this strategy has served them well ever since.  But the strategy is also a bit of a bet that other scandals wont pop out...  Seems to me that not only did the bishops long know about the problem, but they likely had contingency plans depending on how the story might ultimately play out in the press!  THAT recognition is chilling.  If for no other reason, it made it clear that the bishops had no intent of truly cleaning house: only damage control.  I see little to suggest they've changed their tune since.  I think Sr. Sally did a great job of describing what so many feel about the institutional church today.
isn't  a  feminist   either  a  rich   white  woman married  or  divorced  from a  rich  white  man or  a  hairy  legged, manless  lesbian?  Certainly  looks  that  way  to  me.
Yes, I have.  They're mostly Martin talking about Martin.  But I will admit that I got tired of hearing him talk about himself and his life and activities.  He's a stereotypical homosexual narcissist who loves to write and talk about himself, and this latest book is no different.  Write about what you know, indeed.
Keep your closeted gay fantasies of this comment section please....
What is the 'gay culture', does it include condoning or promoting homosexual activity? If it does then your question is surely answered. The Church welcomes sinners of every kind who acknowledge their sins and repent of them. It seems that large numbers of active homosexuals are in denial about the sinfulness of their lifestyle, that is the problem.
Because there's no cheating in the Olympics already. It's the transgender people who will start the cheating in the Olympics. OK.
Clueless. The use of "fag" is intended to be the worst insult one can spew. "Do better than that?" Camaraderie? Is that what the bullies are saying when they pass the nerdy, quiet, feminine boy in the hall and call him "fag"? That he can do better?  You're completely clueless.
Yet homosexual pedophile priests that raped young boys, and were protected by the Catholic church, are never denied a funeral, despite the fact that they BRUTALLY defied Jesus in Matt 18:6-14.
The homosexual Hillary's guide to debate: " Everyone with whom you disagree, call them a NAZI"
When neighbors write stupid, arrogant or unchristian things, then I will criticize them. For example, when you say that the magisterium must be followed without question, I simply point out that this is the attitude that Adolf Eichmann took, and question if you want him as your role model -- a question which you have NEVER given a coherent response to. Or when you take the silly attitude that to disagree with the magisterium on anything is the same as disagreeing on everything, which says that you apparently cannot distinguish between what is essential and what is less important. Or when Pandora says that Barack Obama, America's version of Tony Blair, is an extreme leftist -- which would have any actual leftist howl with laughter. Or when RD preaches humility, but refuses to practice it. Or when I am told that having gays lose their jobs for marrying is just.  Yes, I do not suffer fools or hypocrites gladly. I am often not kind or humble. But I do care about my Christian faith.
Hate crimes in Canada are virtually non-existent. Check Stats Can - for 2013, the average number of hate crimes was 3.3 per 100,000 people in major metropolitan ares. This means that the odds of anyone having a hate crime committed against them are extremely rare. We don't need a government motion (with attached government spending - wasteful!) to condemn Islamophobia (a vague and politically malleable term.)  We deserve the right to criticize Islam. Islam is not only a religion, its a political movement. And all Canadians should strive against the political arm of Islam. We don't want another Rotherham here in Canada due to hate speech laws.  When Imams constantly preach death for those who leave Islam, and the pratice of Taqqiya (lying to non-Muslims) is encourage, and women get stoned to death for getting raped, and gay people get executed just for being gay, then Islamophobia makes sense.  NO on M103. No on C16. Vote out Trudeau in 2019!
They are only sinful if you were not born gay - and actually they are not really sinful within a hetero marriage if done properly.
Are you suggesting gays aren't people, Joe?
You would not be helping them by shaaring your views, unless you were counseling monogamy. Monogamous gay sex cannot be a sin because all good data suggest that gays are born, not made, including self reporting. If you do not believe their self reports, they have no reason to trust you on their morality. Let that sink in a bit.
Of course you don't consider yourself a bigot, racist or homophobe. Most people like to think of themselves as good people. But your man actively and consistently appealed to white resentment, arousing the enthusiasm of bigots, racists and homophobes; racist dog whistling was a main driver of Trump's campaign. Nothing could make the essence of Trumpism more explicit than the appointment of Steve Bannon as chief White House strategist and senior counselor. Steve Bannon is a white supremacist, misogynist agitator who turned Breitbart into a neo-Nazi swamp.  https://thinkprogress.org/steve-bannons-disturbing-views-on-genetic-superiority-are-shared-by-trump-243d73866e2d#.7ah2i9nyn  You Trump supporters have the audacity to deny Bannon and neo-Confederates like Jeff Sessions are racists and jump into high dudgeon over being associated with the virulent wing of the Trump constituency. Well, that's too bad. You jumped into bed with neo-fascists, deal with the blowback.
You are obsessed with sodomy.  Lesbians don't practice sodomy so they must be OK out in public holding hands.  Give me a break.
I have a human biology degree.  Took a sex ed course in college and found it to be a course in acceptance of pornography.  Sodomy - the sin of Sodom - is important, not something to be surreptitiously removed from discussion by adoption of such terms as "gay" or now "LGBT" or whatever other terms are concocted by homosexual activists to hide the key characteristic of their inclination that distinguishes them from being just good friends.  It's a big deal.
Gay dolls!
So, it's gay people's fault. Don't worry, I'm sure you're on the priority list of people to be Raptured
If you think it's a choice, then technically you are coming out as gay while proclaiming you are only choosing not to act on it. Think before you post, friend.
You're lonely yes, gay no.
OMG, are you serious?! Focus on the Family, Oregon Citizens Alliance, Christian Coalition, Moral Majority, Eagle Forum, and any number of other Evangelical Christian political organizations have been at war against the LGBTQ community for over 30 years. Wow. It's scary that you appear to have zero awareness of the hate-fueled history of Evangelical political activism of.
That doesn't change the fact that the priesthood is full of gay men. The Church created that situation with their hatred of homosexual people. Karma Karma Karma.
I was simply pointing out that there are passages in the Bible, regularly used by Christian fundamentalists to discriminate against homosexuality. And that it's myopic to single out Muslims for this. I'm not defending Islam's fundamentalist attacks on homosexuality.   And Doc, isn't it a bit disingenuous to list Chechnya without also pointing out Russia's ongoing attacks on homosexuals. It's a good Orthodox Christian Country after all.  Including references to Islamic State atrocities is a bit desperate don't you think? They've pretty much cornered the market on extremist thinking of all kinds and as extremists, they are hardly an example of the average or moderate Muslim.
should we be like liberals. ?  •should I accuse all gay men of being predators?
What wasn't factual or logical about the argument I made? Are you denying that transgendered people have some form of mental illness? If so, then how do you explain what causes a biological male or female to sincerely believe they are a member of the opposite sex? Demonic possession?
trump promised to only go after thugs and murderers. where are all the religious people in hawaii? i remember when one prominent church preached, held rallies and harassed the lbgtq community from the pulpit, sidewalk and on the air against gay marriage. this issue should be easier for them. this is just a non controversial compassion issue and many of them are already in the legislature.
My comparison is between historical Jew-hatred and gay-hatred. Now you say the Jews are goodies but the gays are still baddies. That was not the teaching of the Church until 1965. You are right that the modern church condemns antisemitism. It also condemns a way of talking about gays that you may be guilty of. But historically the church demonized gays and burnt sodomites at the stake. That is the parallel I was talking about. Marranos were treated in the same way. Now we are apologizing profusely to Jews day in day out, and rightly; we cannot apologize enough. But as Cardinal Reinhard Marx stated in Ireland last years, the Church owes an apology to gays as well. Asked about this, Pope Francis agreed, but then drowned the fish by saying "and we must apologize to the poor etc etc."
He was getting fresh with the transgender woman, and she said "Cut it out!"
Straight couples don't have to whine because Holy Mother Church bends over backwards and rolls out the red carpet for them, and doesn't give a fig what they do behind closed doors. Holy Mother Church only cares (obsessively) about what gay people do behind closed doors.
And Church teaching says "Treat gays like crap?"
This case will end up being about religious freedom, but I think it goes beyond that.  As I stated earlier, I am neither religious nor against same-sex marriage.  I see this case as a freedom of speech issue that goes beyond religious concerns or discrimination.  What I am concerned about is that we might get into a situation where a baker is required to make a personal work of art in support of a race-related, sexual orientation-related, or religion-related event.  Will he be required to make a cake for all religious events if he makes them for Christian holidays?  Will he be required to make a cake for race-related organizations, potentially putting him into a political situation? (ex:  Black Lives Matter or White Nation groups/events/rallies/etc.) The baker clearly stated that he would serve anyone the same thing.  He will create a cake for a heterosexual wedding for any customer -- straight or gay.  What he will not do is create a cake for a same-sex wedding, regardless of customer
Transgender identity is a mental illness.  So to be fair and inclusive, there should be three bathrooms: male, female and mentally ill.
God Bless the Kid. Our nation was founded by young hardcore asskickers. Not liberal transgender pussies.
This list just goes to show how much work we have to do to reverse the trend of Liberal and Progressive ideology that would turn the military into a sociological experiment.  The military is NOT an, "equal opportunity employer". The military is free to "discriminate" on ANY number of issues (from aptitude to physical readiness to age).  Transgenders comprise such a small portion of the population that there is no GOOD reason to take a chance and allow them to join the military.  There are plenty enough people out there who are willing and able serve in the military that we don't NEED to "rely" on the transgender community to fill those billets.  The cost isn't worth it and there are many other ways transgenders can serve our nation (if they so desire) without putting our FIGHTING FORCES at risk.
We don't need this crap in Anchorage.  While I personally may not approve of the gay lifestyle, it's not my job to judge and it sure as heck is not for Westboro Baptist Church members  to come into our community to do so.  They are our gays so butt out Texasses!
VERY well said.  I would add: the push for universal human rights is not an issue any group owns. No one gets to police my legal, empathetic, and productive push for rights by acting as ideological hall monitors. Sorry, you can try, but no. Too many SJW persons (a noble calling) don't understand that rage and verbal attack are, well, Trumpian methods. It's a mode that fails to accord with what it calls for in others: empathy, tolerance, dialogue. It's the overheated strands of SJW rhetoric that actually helped Trump, dividing the left and creating a back lash. Consider Rorty's GENIUS prediction of the Trump movement: "One thing that is very likely to happen is that the gains made in the past 40 years by black and brown Americans, and by homosexuals, will be wiped out. Jocular contempt for women will come back into fashion. … All the resentment which badly educated Americans feel about having their manners dictated to them by college graduates will find an outlet."
This is truly the worst of the worst, born and raised in Alaska (6th generation, with grandkids that are 8th), I have black, brown, and gay friends, because I choose the lesser of 2 evils I am now a racist? Your cheeks have to be a little red on this one Elise. I am truly embarrassed for you, maybe tomorrow you can write an article on the origination of the term "Super Presdator"? PATHETIC!
Skinut, this is not about gays, lesbians, bisexuals, trisexuals, X-sexuals, transgenders and others with weird ideas from serving open in the military.  There is no question about many of them having served with honor and distinction, but they did so serving in positions aligned with their sex at birth and wore uniforms consistent with their biological sex, of which there are only two, male and female.  However, Obama’s lifting of the ban on transgenders went much further than simply allowing them to serve.  The Obama administration recognized that transgenders suffer from a mental disorder called “gender dysphoria” and directed the military services to develop and implement plans to provide transgenders psychiatric and other medical care including sex reassignment surgery.  Under Obama’s policy, transgenders will spend much of their time on active duty being treated for a pre-existing condition.  That is transforming DOD into a social service organization.
Can't Murray just claim he's bisexual? He likes men and boys. Bingo, problem solved.
Yeesh what is this world coming to.  Oh no, someone called me a Canuck the other day, my feelings are now hurt, I better take time off work and sue someone, and someone better get punished.  LBGT...isn't that an ice cream store? :)    Whatever... what a joke...like where did this come from recently, your now proud of it? My apology would have gone like this:  I'm very sorry you are a bunch of queers!!!!
yep, they're using the homosexual Hillary's guide to debate:  " Everyone with whom you disagree, call them a NAZI"
Only a deranged liberal would accuse those defending the Truth as whiners. We Faithful Catholics are sick you, Francis, the faggots in clergy and every other liberal disease infecting the Church. We will hold our anger for only so long then we will get beautifully violent and purify the Church.  Effeminate and gay priests beaten and dragged from the pulpit, their protectors in the hierarchy hunted down.. It will be magnificent
I disagree with mandating gay Boy Scout leaders when we have decades of perverts using the Boy Scouts as grooming locations.  Not all homosexuals are pedophiles; but, the hundreds who have been convicted in Boy Scout Troops of abuse is justification to prohibit them.
Lol, did you think I just made it up for no reason? Specifically:  You hate the Sioux Indians, extolling the judgement in law against them. That's fine, as long as you also accept the judgements of the law re abortion, which you don't. Suddenly these judges are liberals. You side with the oil companies totally ignoring their malevolent influence on American politics and American foreign policy, especially in the Middle East. 1.3 million dead in Iraq alone.  You hate homosexuals, repeatedly quoting obscure scripture texts from thousands of years ago, even justifying them being stoned to death in one of your posts and agreeing with gay people being sacked. You prattle on about "intrinsic evil" but acknowledge 50% of priests are gay. No problem there then. And of course, your constant invitation for people to get out of the Church is pretty hate filled.  Would you scalp an injun? Stone a gay? Of course not. You just provide an intellectual justification for those who would. That's hatred.
Actually I have proven that you are largely ignorant of the law and that he feels it would violate his religious belief to have to make the cake. This feeling is a reasonable belief that he is allowed to have by the law. You still have not proven anything other then your only argument is to contest what I say and you have not built a foundation upon which to lay your argument that has any footing. Your level of ignorance is at the point where I am now just going to quit asking for proof as I have proven that you can not back up what you are saying because you have not done so at this point. Should you come up with actual proof that this man, who you are claiming is violating the law by not making the cake for a gay couple due to religious beliefs and that his religious beliefs are not protected by the constitution, as I have provided proof of, I will entertain your opinion. Other then that, you have proven that you do not know anything about even the basic rights of U.S. Citizens.
"He got too close the lavender mafia."    Ignoring the nasty gay smear for the moment, you know this how exactly?
I am sorry you do not understand. Political thought is  ot a protected class. Gays in Colorado are a protected class. If you own a business you do not have to serve democrats, but you do have to serve gays.
Robert499, that may be the most glaringly wrong part of the TWU covenant as far as you're concerned, and I wouldn't argue with you.    It's just that the case in the courts is about discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation - in other words, prohibiting sexual activity between married same-sex couples, not heterosexual ones.
Could it be that the Muslim, Obama per the Koran, thinks that men are far superior to women and that women are sex objects for men?...Every Muslim follows the commands in the Koran...for good and for evil.   Then, we also know what the Koran says about Homosexuals...and that may be the real reason that Obama is silent.  Weinstein must know too much.
When the religion in question, Islam, specifically and categorically, under all versions, Sunni, Shi'a, Suffi, or whatever, calls for the death of all homosexuals, and is followed in as diverse of locations as Saudi Arabia and Iran, the leading homes for the two major branches, I think that is a fair comment.
Oh fooey! on all this saluting and grief...how many innocent lives has the US destroyed in vengeance for 9/11? Actually with the hurricane  I'd even forgotten it was 9/11 anniversary. Kind of a funny coincidence.. maybe it was those gays again??
The MSM like all Religious leaders hate criticism and support anything that can reduce criticism of themselves. This is a ridiculous editorial calling for censorship - WHERE IS THE EDITORIAL DEMANDING MUSLIMS STOP HATING JEWS, CHRISTIANS, ZOROASTRIANS, ATHEISTS, WOMEN, GAYS? It is just crazy what is going on here, a total tyranny is being put nto place and we must fight it to the death!
Cultural competence says Jesus would have told them to 'go and sin no more'. Homosexuality was never accepted in Jewish or Christian teaching.  It still isn't. Neither was men or women wearing the other sexes' clothing. The Church is warned about 'wolves that come dressed as sheep', a falling away in the Last Day, and people with 'itching ears'. I am sure that once again I will be 'stoned' for my thoughts. But the liberals love to kill the messenger, because they hate the Message.
You seem to be very much concerned about the "sins" of homosexuals. I think you would be better off considering your own sins -- such as homophobia and sexism.
You are the most uncivilized person I've ever encountered, Ken ... and you're from Trumpland, aren't you? Incidentally, lesbians are homosexual and have the lowest incidence of AIDS of us all. Incidentally no 2, AIDS was spawned in humans by heterosexuals killing chimpanzees for food ... join the dots ...
Are you saying that lesbian porn is acceptable if you think the women are beautiful?
So if soldiers who can't otherwise get an erection have to pay for their own Viagra you'll be OK with not forcing the military to deal with "transgender" nutcases? Because I'm OK with that.
"But it’s clear that the islands aren’t immune from hate."  Ironically some of the most hateful rude intolerant people are those in the LGBTQ community and I am pro-gay marriage and have been for the last 35 years.
Which only proves the stupid rabid homophobia of both Russia and it's bosom kin, the Deep South, that except for the revelation of a minor character's possible same sex attraction,   it's okay for the female lead to fall in love with a talking buffalo/wolf hybrid.
That and gay people being treated as pariahs.
Thank you for this opinion piece.  This is the first time someone has actually written an article about these islamic extremist and the fact they they would kill a gay as soon as look at him or her.  Why can't we have this conversation.  And why can't we say this religion teaches this and why can't we say this religion teaches misogyny.
What garbage.  She isn't a girl. It will be interesting when teen age boys declare themselves transgender so they can explore the bodies in the girls locker room.  We can at least drop sex ed classes from schools now
Try being gay, white, and a conservative male.  You get bashed because you are while and male.  You get bashed because you are gay and conservative.  Some people just think in terms of identity politics and don't realize that people are people.
So, if they "discover" the gene for homosexuality they can cure that, too!
Black guns cause most of the murders. To be safe buy white guns instead and put little rainbow, butterfly, and Jesus saves stickers on it. If you're a guy you might be labeled as gay because of your gun but at least you could protect yourself from a hate crime.
There are lots of Christians particularly evangelicals who have nasty views towards gays but most of them don't go around killing people any more than most Muslims do.
Larry, you and Johnny Mabry have a fixation.  But "terror" is bad, no matter the justification. Can you agree? - Sikh temple murders: religious terrorism. Shooter thought he was murdering Muslims. - Jewish center murders by a Nazi and Klan member: Thought he was murdering Jews.  Both terrorist acts based on religion of victims - that's religious terrorism.  Of course, Roof murdered 9 innocents in a church not because of their faith, but their race.  Purposeful terror based on race is no good, either.  The Planned Parenthood shooting was extremism based on faiths that demonize Planned Parenthood. Most mass shooters are unstable, but instability doesn't choose the target in a vacuum.  The Orlando shooter wasn't an Islamic extremist, he seems to have been a bisexual man tormented by that and his faith, which like many "Christian" groups, demonize homosexuality. So, unstable in part because of faith, but by what his faith did to him, not what he was supposedly doing for Allah.
Would the transgendered adult male who now identifies as a prepubescent girl suffer from a psychological disorder in your opinion?
Where did they say he refused to make ANY custom cake? He said he would make a birthday cake. He refused to make a custom cake for a specific event, a gay wedding, that was against his beliefs, actually the same concept as not making a cake celebrating  Halloween.   Agree or not with his decision on a cake celebrating a gay wedding, it is untrue that he refused to make any custom cake for a gay couple.
Well at least they aren't the ones who own a lavious apartment building over/next to Rome's largest gay bath house.  Hold the pickles....
Sorry, Bucko, but I'm not into homosexuality.
So one who asserts rights in this country become a communist?  WOW!  Sounds like, if you had your way, blacks would still be sitting in the back of the bus (No harm done in that, right?), and gays would still be looking for a bakery (No harm done in that, right?)
They are more desperate than "stupid." What they wish would happen (a social and spiritual reawakening -- according to their particular scriptural  tradition and faith), isn't going to be. So they are forlorn,  desponding. They are also experiencing losses. According to the WALL STREET JOURNAL last week, the Southern Baptist Convention (the largest evangelical community), is slipping in numbers. It has dropped a couple of percentage points.   Most Evangelicals voted for Trump because they believed he was the candidate closest, most attuned to their biblical agenda, their church mission, especially regarding gay marriage, abortion, and other issues. No other candidate was so "evangelical." So they voted for Trump believing a thing or two must happen because he said it would happen when he got into the White House. So far, he has appointed a conservative to the Supreme Court and they are hopeful he will do more to bring the country nearer and nearer to their moral aim.
I have no hope left for America.  I have witnessed the 'scorched earth' strategy of Trump and Republicans to feed their endless neediness for power and might and the rest be damned.  I have watched as woman have been continuously humiliated and now will be robbed of their birth right to govern their own bodies.  I have been dismayed and sickened to witness the un-Christian turning their backs on desperate refugees and Mexicans.  I have been disgusted to see how Trump has used his candidacy to enrich himself at all cost.  My patriotism has withered as I saw the head of the FBI put his personal career ahead of this nation's best interest and rules of governance.  It is time to secede.  Leave the red states to close themselves off from the world, protected from immigrants, gays and lesbians and liberals, but no rule of law.  I am happy and proud to be a part of a new nation that holds dear freedom, liberty. sound governance and democratic principles.
There are two classes that you need to belong to if you wanted to be afforded extra rights:  1. Illegal invader. 2. Gay.
Morlino certainly has treated his gay priests that way in the past, at least in terms of not attending their funerals.... I think especially of one who worked closely with a Catholic gay community in Morlino's previous diocesan assignment as a bishop.  Morlino is an interesting person.  Funerals seem to be where his ultra orthodoxy becomes prevalent. It's the line he will not cross, dead being dead and all.
"When BLM accused the white gay men of Toronto , who started Pride in 1981, a bunch of racists and oppressor class white supremacist, NOBODY came to their defense. Being gay is one thing, but being white negates that."  BLM was certainly lambasted on these comment boards for its self-defeating and ignorant stunt.
In 2014, the Colorado Civil Rights Division appeared to make two conflicting and hypocritical rulings. In one case (Masterpiece Bakery) it ruled that the baker was wrong for declining to decorate a cake with pro-gay decorations; in the other case (Azucar Bakery) it ruled that the baker was well within their rights to refuse to bake decorate a cake with anti-gay decorations. Both cases involve the supposed right of each baker to pick and choose what artistic messages they wanted their artistic talents to convey. The CCRD apparently decreed that one "artistic refusal" was fine while the other "artistic refusal" was wrong when both "artistic refusals" involved the same issue: Gays. The State cannot decree that one form of "artistic integrity based on personal beliefs" is wrong while another is fine/legal without being what it is: The Colorado Civil Rights Division Where Hypocrisy Rules. I imagine the US Supreme Court is going to have a field day exposing this hypocrisy.
same as gay marraige ........ cowardly unprincipled politicians scared off by a small vocal group who want to impose their unfair peticular religious dogma onto others...throwing the common sense of my 91 year old WWII vet dad out the window.  Cowards!
You're ideals is what makes for a piss poor community and nation.  I didn't know you were gay.
I  am really offended  that no gay or  transgendered Senator has been selected by Trudeau  sarcasm
I am so tired of articles which praise Francis, while ignoring his inaction on the scandal, his positions regarding women, and his refusal to recognize that the position of the Church regarding gays is so terribly wrong.
All the Subarus around town belong to lesbians? Way more of us than I thought.  Here's a news flash for you, mostignorant, lesbians can and do get pregnant. It's just not an "ooopsie!" that results in abortion.
So let me get this ... er ... straight.  You were envious of a pop idol in your teens. You wanted to be him, but didn't want to have sex with him.  But you chose to be heterosexual in your teens?!   Methinks you were born heterosexual. Methinks if you had of had homosexual sex, you'd have been a hetero indulging in some disordered sexual behaviour ... precisely what St Paul condemned.  Now that we know that constitutional homosexuals exist (much like left-handed people exist), we realize that they are ordered towards love-relationships with people of the same gender. For them, having hetero sex would be disordered.  If you have a problem with cultural sexual fluidity, please don't take it out on people born gay.
Do you not remember the old school days? The kid who isn't athletic, maybe small in stature, the brainiac who just doesn't fit in? The kid who is awful at sports and is the reason the team lost? The kid who got called fag? It had nothing to do with camaraderie. And the kids who prefer flowers to football? Fags.  The suggestion that the word is a gesture of camaraderie is absurd.  "You can do better"? Does that mean "I want my son to be a fag?"
God is bisexual, eh? Both male and female. I guess that solves my question about sex.  As for Jesus, we're in agreement. Joseph was a cuckold and Mary was an adulteress.  Back to God's gender for a moment: Adam was created in God's likeness, not Mary. I think God was considered a "he." Certainly, but Church of Rome authority he was and that's the original font of Christian knowledge.  So, God's a guy with no woman around for eternity. That would explain a lot.
Natural law:   When a Church is filled with gay clergy, thousands of boys end up getting raped by these gay priests.  The Church has been right all along about homosexuality.   Trouble is, gay people have an inexplicable attraction to the RCC.
Spacey is using his liberal media skills like a pro. "Yeah, I might have forced sex on a minor, but I'M GAY!!!" Now the liberals don't know what to do. If they go after him, they'll be labeled as insensitive to his big public admission and seem anti-gay. If they ignore the accusation, they're victim blaming/shaming and excusing his actions. Kudos on the liberal mind-f**king Mr Spacey. Your liberal overlords have taught you well.
If I were transgender I'd say "bah-bye" and be on my way, middle finger extended.  Trump is such a nothing.  And so are the people who support him. Just more to add to my personal list of "undesirables."   Ugh.
CSIS continues to prove to be little but gay CIA garbage.
"Anti-intellectual in over his head" am I?  Yes, I am sorry to tell you that I am one of the deplorable masses Hilary was referring to.    I wasn't educated at the "right" colleges and I cling to my guns and religion.  You know how it is with us unenlightened masses---guns, gays and God--or something like that.  If you don't mind, I will just wallow in my own stupidity.  Thank you so much for your compassion and understanding.
The rich who really run this country don't care all that much if US citizens are armed or not. Because the pro-gun crowd---so vehement about using their assault rifles to fight "tyranny"---are so distracted they haven't noticed that America...economy, government, media and religion---have already been purchased. You are now owned but don't even know it. The rich know well that, if major shooting starts, it will be upon mosques, Muslim neighborhoods, Black neighborhoods, Mexican neighborhoods. Until their incessant wars and fossil fuel emissions do us all in, the rich are safe for now...and they know it. The anti-gun thing...like abortion, gay rights, etc. is nothing more than a distraction intended for simple-minded folks---well-armed but not with awareness.
What I fail to understand is how calling someone gay is not extreme provocation especially if they are not.
No, it is pretty simple. The baker is asking to be allowed to legally discriminate.  How is he "significantly participating" in a wedding by making a cake? The baker who made the cake for my wedding in no way participated in my wedding. Making a cake is not an endorsement of gays. Jesus knows that.  A sacred rite? 50% of Christian marriages end in divorce. Why does he make cakes for weddings that end in divorce? Divorce is mentioned in the bible too.  If he thinks that Jesus will smote him for making gay wedding cakes, he should stop making wedding cakes period.
Regarding :" gay culture" - This old phrase, 'particular friendships', might best explain what the old men in the Holy See want to address. - That is, secular clerics, as well as consecrated men and women, must avoid an, albeit natural, human tendency to have friends that are just like themselves.  That is, they do not have an 'open' approach to relationships and thus act in an exclusionary manner. - In houses of consecrated religious, 'particular friendships', raise suspicions, isolated one religious from another and thus are divisive. - More diffused, but just as apparent, secular clerics who have 'particular friends' limit their own ability to be a brother to the brothers and sisters of Christ. - So, this document is best read if 'gay' or 'homosexual' is replaced with human.
Rarely do I agree with Jamie Manson, but I agree with many of her points today. To me, a conservative Republican and practicing Catholic with a gay son,   Father Martin appears to be very unorthodox in his theological and moral views. I've been somewhat successful as a businessman,  and I've been lucky enough to give generously to the Catholic Church.   I would never give to a bishop who was not clearly and unambiguously anti-abortion and anti-gay marriage.   Jamie is right about that aspect of this situation.   By the way, my son and I get along very well.   He knows not to force me to accept his views about homosexuality,  and he doesn't have to accept mine.   Though on many issues,  we see eye to eye,  especially on abortion and economic issues.
Similarly, that does not offer any clue as to how you can blame Donald Trump, a supporter of gays, as responsible for a man slaughtering gays. Literally makes no sense.
Child rape = homosexuality.  Wow.
I bet muslim bakers in Germany aren't forced to sell to the gay weddings.
Dennis, One of the most blatant hurts accorded to many men and women was when Benedict opened the door for married clergy of the Anglican Communion to come into the Catholic Church as priests. God only knows how hurtful that was to many men and women. To sit there in church while an Anglican said Mass with his wife and kids in the pews while, in many cases, a catholic priest sat in the same church and wasn't even allowed to take communion.  Someone is on here demanding to know when Benny or JPII ever changed Church teaching. Well there's a big, fat, juicy one right there. He changed it at a whim, opening the door for every homophobic, misogynistic, reactionary right wing cleric who felt that their own church wasn't hating homosexuals and women enough.  On the upside, Benny showed that you can change anything and 2000 years of tradition can be dropped like hot cakes, and I hope that Francis makes full use of the precedent set by him.
If one can 'pray the gay away', then any sad cleric should be a few 'Our Father's and 'Hail Mary's away from bliss...
Canada should build a statue of Justin with a torch raised with an inscription " Give me your tired homosexuals,  your poor bisexuals, your huddled masses of transgendered  yearning to breathe free, the wretched LGBTs of your teeming shore" .   Aren't we be urged  by our social justice activists  to respect other cultures, to praise cultural diversity, to respect individual cultural traits such as those believers of the peace loving belief system that drives the Chechen and Azerbaijani authorities to maltreat their own LGBT communities...would the Chechens and Azerbaijanis not regard Canadian interference with their cultural practices as being oppressive and discriminatory?
‘Anti-Muslim hatred has no place in my Canada.’ That sounds like the sentiments of a simpleton. It’s plainly obvious that Muhammad was recording Satanic verses for his Koran. Do you honestly think that God would instruct mankind to throw gays from the top of tall buildings? Does God think it’s cool to mutilate people for petty crimes?
Obama is a nice little black man who is a wonderful speaker and only if he was Gay.
Funding for these groups Blair cites only give jobs to those who are just too lazy to find "honest" work jobs.  I wonder who is the idiot who compared funding of $150 million each for both the Arts and the Humanities people to Trumps wall...it's like comparing funding for Cancer research which has not found any means to bring down cancer occurrence to funding our national security system.    Why not fund the Arts and the Humanities by private funding...Soros should be a willing donator.  Why does the Feds have to fund everything liberals want that will benefit a few by using funds gained from the majority?  I wonder how many people listen the NPR or any of its affiliates?  How many people have viewed these transgender films or how many have even heard of them?  The excuse that NPR reaches the mass and the films needs to be available for the mass is just an Aladdin carpet waha...it is not true now and will never be...ever.
question arises - why aren't other minority groups marching also - black, Hispanics, muslims, gays, American Indians, native Hawaiian, Asians, etc.  dumpy is going to make it miserable for all of these groups.  he only favors white Europeans and rich people.
The last thing that's needed is a representative of the Catholic Church to debate Martin, as if that person would not be sympathetic as a member of the homosexual brotherhood that is promoting Martin's propaganda.    Voris is precisely the man that needs to be heard on the matter:  He's well-versed and he's a recovering homosexual.
I agree...."to the extent that bishops ...used pro-life and anti gay rhetoric...."  My point with Cordileone and the conservative hierarchy and the Southern Poverty Law Center is that the Church had bonded with extremist groups that condemn "whole" segments of society as worthy of hate...and hostile efforts. Specifically...the Church has linked itself to anti gay groups relative to marriage...and now, apparently... anti Semitic groups....  The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) defines hate groups as those who deny whole classes of citizens their fundamental rights based as a "whole class" that is...ALL gays, ALL JEWS, ALL BLACKS etc are to be hated and hurt....  AND some bishops AND Trump have recertified this concept each in their own appalling way...  My Dad risked his life in the Second World War  to protect ALL these folks.....  It would appear that his Church and his political party don't honor his ....And his comrades efforts...
Sadly, the gay community, and its lackeys,  refuses to accept the evidence. It is in a perpetual state of denial. Thank God, my own son, who has same sex attraction, agrees with me.
Jesus never mentioned homosexuality that's what a non issue it was  please do your homework before you start making yourself look and sound stupid and idiotic...
Time that PRIDE banned BLM from their parade.  Black Gays welcome to march with everyone else but Ban BLM from any inclusion in the event.  Bunch of spoiled brats
You confused gay with transgender.   We've been told to keep those distinct.
Perhaps he is transgendered.    The article doesn't identify the gender of the person he is accused of "asking for sex  inside the restaurant just after 4 a.m.".    So he might have been in the restroom of his self-identity hopefully awaiting his lesbian date to arrive.
I would like to respond to Mike Brooks but I do not see his complete response to the above comment I posted 3 hours ago. He apparently stated that a gay couple cannot have real sex but what they really have is sodomy. I assume that Mike considers sodomy a sin. Does he also consider oral sex a sin? To me anything done between two people that results in an orgasm is sex.
cholo isn't pro-lgbt or anti-lgbt. cholo just believes in a little common sense. you should go to the bathroom depending on what you currently got. have a penis? go to the mens. a vagina? then go to the womens. simple. transgender? well if you cut off your wang and now have a hole then go to the womens. and if you had a hole and plugged it up with a pole then go to the mens. feeling mahu? sorry, if you still have a penis you go to the mens. likewise, if you feeling butch but still have a vagina the womens restroom is where you go.
Go order a gay wedding cake from a Muslim bakery.
ridiculous, but it's OK to let and encourage "children" about transgender......
TWU has no way of knowing what students are doing. A homosexual could attend the university and have sex every night if he or she wished. It's an honour system, not a prison camp.
Some lesbians, but mostly by men.  Gays don't recruit.  Pederasts recruit - many in the priesthood and they become, gasp, priests.
So what's up Scott, I guess this thinly veiled threat of violence is cool too since its directed at a trans person and not a real human.
What we have here is a baker who wishes to practice discrimination against gays, and he wants to claim that his "Christian" religion supports him. He is doing EXACTLY the same thing that racists in the days of Jim Crow did in refusing to serve blacks.   I am vehement on this subject because I have a personal interest. My brother is gay, as are some of my closest friends. My mother's parents and other members of my family were killed by the Nazis because they were Jews. My daughter-in-law is African-American, and her grandfather was telling me about life under Jim Crow, stories that I believe explicitly. I have been raised to hate discrimination with all my strength, and I know what happens if it is allowed to go unchecked. It starts with "No Dogs Or Jews" and ends with Treblinka.  In places like Chechnya, gays are imprisoned and killed. The Republican US Senate nominee from Alabama, Roy Moore, wants to do the same thing here. At least some people here seem to have no problem with it.
Sin is unnatural behavior.  Gay people have different sexual natures which is their own business, not yours.  Romans 2 - what you are doing is sinful.
A gun grabber who believes in climate change and LGBT rights is the right man for the job? Trump is losing his mind.
Gary:  You stated, "and the adult male who sexually molests young boys is not likely to be homosexual".  Whaaaaaaaaat the Duck?   So what do YOU call a Adult Male who has Intestinal Intercourse with a young male or male??????    Can' wait  for this answer.........  Ever Read the Bible.  There is scripture there like, "Men will not lay with Men like they do with a Woman".......There are many many more DENOUNCING Homosexuality, and God's plan against this DISCUS-STING Behavior.
Should an atheist be able to go into a Jewish Deli and ask for, demand, and sue for the right to have them prepare a ham sandwich? Should that group from that church in Kansas that parades around with hateful anti-gay signs be able to go into a gay bar by accident and receive polite and courteous treatment and service? Those are questions that the typical Civil Rights Hypocrite avoids.
Admitting  gays are thrown off building to kill them in many Muslim run countries across the ME, is forbidden. The G&M doesn't want people to realize the very real dangers we are facing.
There is no Pride anymore, only Shame. She is a hate filled racist and homophobe. She hates the gay white men who created Pride in the first place and is determine to steal it for her own political ends. If the thousands of gay men of Toronto stop supporting Pride she will hate them even more. All she will do is destroy it  if she stays on this path of bigotry and division.
First--I not only know gay people, I have gay friends.  While I have gay friends--that in no way means I condone their chosen life style.  It does mean that I respect their right to live their life as they see fit. It also means that I am not such a prude that I cannot take being around people who have different values from me and enjoy their company.    Second: I agree mostly with what you wrote.  But I am not the point and neither are you.  Neither one of us has any right to tell a private homeowner who they must allow into their house or otherwise invite for a holiday celebration. If gay family make them uncomfortable--regardless of whether they "behave" they have no obligation to invite them or allow them in to their home.    Aren't you liberals all about not imposing value systems? Why do we get to impose values in this case?
TWU rules allowed married heterosexual students to have sex together.  TWU rules do NOT allow married gay students to have sex together.  That's what it's about.
Those stories about gay sex orgies aren't welcome at NCR.  NCR delights in blaming the Church for what gay priests do, and when referencing stories of abuse, adheres to a policy of gender agnosticism re the victims of these priests.   That is, if these victims are male.
Your claim is incorrect.  We are not talking about priests that were cloistered away with no access to female victims.  Pederasty involves victims  that offenders are sexually attracted to,  which in this case were post pubescent males. That would suggest the vast majority of offending priests were homosexual in nature.
Ahhhhhhh,  I must have stepped on a he/she, she/he, lesbian, homosexual, trans mutilated,  or "X" 's toes because they flagged my last post.  So, I will change it a little.  In Oregon we have the wonderful Portland ZOO. We do NOT and should NOT have to let people like ? Wright turn our PRISONS into a ZOO by caving in and paying for these Trans-Mutilitated operations. This is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. People in Oregon should be ASHAMED.
The term 'transgender' is a sick joke. It is a mental disorder that should be treated as such. When you have children that claim to have this transgender illness there is no doubt it something that needs to be addressed before they make the mistakes so many have with becoming an adult.
Jesus was a Jew, followed Jewish law, was called Rabbi (teacher), and founded Christianity. He didn't have to say anything about homosexuality or abortion, because He was a practicing Jew. Neither were acceptable, and anyone that has spent any time reading the Bible would know so. Please, read before you write your nonsense and confuse the foolish.
The well-known statistic is that ~3% of any given national population is homosexual.  Worldwide, clerical homosexuality is 2x to 3x higher at ~5-10% of a corps of 450,000+ priests with the Vatican well over ~50%.     Just to show how the intrinsically disordered acts darken the intellect and harden the heart to create a slippery slope that leads to more destructive sins, ~90% of clerical pedophilia is committed by homosexuals compared to ~80% of general population pedophilia.  Satan has always targeted the Church that Jesus Christ built, going all the way back to Judas Iscariot.  The lust of the flesh appears to be Satan's most popular method of temptation for priests.
They are not giving asylum to gay people in Chechnia: They are giving asylum to gay people from Chechnia.
And where did they run into Burke's brand of fundamentalist? Do you think most American parishes are run by these fundamentalists? Is that why I've never heard a sermon on adultery, divorce, homosexuality or any other sexual sin in my 15 years since entering the Church: because of the iron grip of fundamentalists?  I'm sure there are many reasons why the young leave the Church, and several of those would be troubling to traditionalists. But it's not just some conservative talking point that liberal Christianity is bleeding members, regardless of denomination. Tell people that it doesn't really matter if they're in or out, and many will choose to be out.  And I return to a question I asked above: do you know any of these monster priests?
Ah. The gays are threatening your straightitude, huh? Your neighbour, mowing his lawn shirtless, makes you question your life choices?  Maybe you should seek out Mike "Get out of my uterus" Pence for his conversion therapy.
Apart from all the opinionating about gay sex (EG not love but only sodomy), no one addresses the fact that most gay relationships that lead to marriage are, in fact, rooted profoundly in love, caring and respect. Also, much of the science of sexuality views sexuality on a continuum, ie, the idea of "normal" is now seen as inclusive of homosexuality. This is not to say that the vast majority of people in the world are not heterosexual. It means that the demonization of gays in the world that constantly derides gay people as morally bankrupt and yet to be respected, is an insult beyond the pale.
I will repost this since it was deleted:  So glad that we have a columnist in the MSM to enlighten us on why barbarism - which attacking children is nothing but - is truly terrifying.  The next thing you know, you will want to tell us why multiculturalism is such a good thing and why a religion that is misogynistic and kills gays is something we should be celebrating.
Being a homosexual is not a behavior, agreed.  I do not feel that particular affliction is a choice.  Alcoholism is not a choice.  Drinking alcohol IS a choice.  Engaging in homosexual behavior IS a choice.  The homosexual act IS a behavior.  The heterosexual act IS a behavior; a natural one, and within the confines of a marriage, which is a union between one man and one woman, perfectly valid.  Outside of a marriage the sex act is sinful.  The homosexual act is not just an adulterous sin, it is a sin against nature.  To support “gay marriage” is to support those sins.
The only problem with that argument is that it ultimately is not what this case is about.  What Jack Phillips did was actually refuse to sell a gay person a wedding cake, no matter how it was decorated.  It could be a carbon-copy of what he'd made a straight couple, and he still would have refused to sell it to the gay person.  There was no discussion of how the cake was to be decorated, so how could Jack Phillips be sure that he hadn't designed it before?  What he is actually arguing is that the simple act of making a cake for a gay person is impermissible and forcing him to condone same-sex marriage.  It's a ridiculous argument.
If gay priests had been barred from the priesthood in the first place, the costs associated with straight priests involved in pedophilia/ephebophilia would have been a drop in the bucket compared to the costs involving gay priests.  The numbers do not lie.
And by fighting for the rights of gay men to join and stay in the RCC priesthood, under a cover of public secrecy about their orientation, you too are encouraging this child abuse to continue.  That too is a form of shielding.   The Church is wrong to encourage it, the priests are wrong to participate in it, and both progressive and trad laity should be against it.   It's a policy that serves no one but the abusive priest.
Seems that the SJW industry’s youth indoctrination no Halloween fun committee is on their A-game for the big day.  Now in response to this load of social over engineering, I need a costume that maximizes cultural appropriation while offending every PC sacred cow.  How about a transgender in black-face wearing an imperial wizard uniform and a FN head dress holding an Daesh flag?  Did I leave anything out?
rangerMC, here is just one paragraph from one article in the american thinker.   'Therefore, at the risk of sounding brutal and cruel, here is my message to transgender people, as if I were speaking to my son. I’m sorry to have to be the one to tell you this, but you are not a girl. It pains me to say so, but you are a boy who thinks you are a girl. It’s not your fault, no more so than it is the fault of sufferers of BIID or other uncured disorders. But you have never been /a girl, and will never become one, no matter how extreme is the pretense. Not even surgery will change that fact.' this is one of the 10 main articles. even the blogs are stupid; read blog on 'no such thing as a free lunch'. the writer compares a free lunch program to the mess in venezuela.   articles i read in american thinker seem to be written by evangelical christians,  liberal haters or they are just plain nuts.   http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2017/07
The Pope is called far worse by regular Catholic bloggers on here for his teachings on women, gender theory, homosexuality and abortion.
The DOD is run by idiots who stand by while HFCS, 56 vaccines by age 60, fluoride poison in municipal water and toothpaste, FRC in every mattress and every thing, Rumsfeld's aspartame, and GMO food makes the youth of the nation fat and stupid.  While the DOD bothers itself with trannies, homosexuals, and moms in combat, the communists, darwinists, and Satanists ruin the minds and lives of public school children.  The DOD idiot solution will undoubtedly be more foreign nationals in the military, probably from the heart of Islam and mainland China.
Nancy Pelosi is right. She is the top Democrat fundraiser so black, liberal and transgender Democrats should best shut up and stop complaining. It's her party and she is the boss.
"Having few qualms about governance and human rights standards well below the norm, China..."  That is a gross understatement, seeing how there is absolute censorship about all things political, religious, and regarding human rights themselves. It's incomprehensible how Prime Minister Trudeau can ally himself with a totalitarian regime of this nature, even accepting political cash donations in illegal amounts from people who are a part of this regime in events staged in their Canadian homes. It is incomprehensible how Trudeau goes to Washington and lectures Trump and Americans on human rights and feminism, but does not utter a single peep towards the Chinese Communists for their absolute denial of human rights to their people. This is not a difference of degree, of a "standard below a norm," but an essential difference of kind. There is not even a discussion of "equality" of women or gays in China because NOBODY has these rights. Trudeau has proven himself to be a craven hypocrite.
"Few care about others gender issues"  Outsider:  You know better than that.  Why do you think getting equal rights for women is such an issue?  Why do you think the ERA hasn't passed?  Why do you think it has been so difficult to fight discrimination against homosexuals? Who do you think several states would still outlaw same-sex marriage if they could "get by" with it? ........ "That's not what this is about. "  Don't be silly, that's exactly what this is about.  Transgendered individuals are the new "target of opportunity" and will be subjected to every possible indignity some folks can provide.  You can support such treatment.  I will oppose it................  "Special demands"......yes, like the special demand to not be ridiculed and marginalized... Is that asking for too much?   Gary Crum
An adulteress? Remember the hew and cry from the Church on the appointment of a gay man as ambassador to Santo Domingo? What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Our peodophile protecting prelates should oppose this appointment. Think they will? An adulteress yes, a fag no.
Sounds like the idiot is trying to deflect blame away from his self for his "remarks about Muslims, and gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Americans."  The man has no one to blame for his errors in judgment and lack of basic humanity towards others different than himself and he wants to "portray himself" as a selfless public servant of the people?  Sorry there  Charlie, time to cut the act and be held accountable for your own  biased and egregious words; if you can't do that, then you do not deserve the honor to be a "public servant of the People!"  Don't let your own bias and fears hit your fat backside on the way out!
As I understand the issue, a truly transgender person seeks to change their born with genitalia to their believed sexual orientation. So a transgender male wished to have a vagina instead of a penis and balls because they believe they are truly a female. During this process, transgender individuals can legally change their driver licenses and birth certificates to represent their rightful gender. Like so many other concepts in America and around the world, trans gender means a process of changing. If you haven't changed your genitalia to the correct genitalia then should you really use bathrooms designated for the other gender. And once again why don't we just make all bathrooms unisex. That would solve a lot of problems and wouldn't cost that much.
Allowing businesses (e.g. bakeries) or hotels or landlords to "frivolously discriminate" against gay people is the whole point of all those RFRA laws which numerous states passed. Under what rock have you been hiding?
Whats disrespectful is Bill's behavior.  He was a married man.  That makes him a cheater..  While acting POTUS, disgusting.  No way in HELL can a blow job in the Oral Office be neutered.  However show biz people are known for multi sex. opposite sec, homo sex, cheating sex and divorcing and getting married again.  NO ONE in show biz is expected to behave civily.  They are professional LIARS for their lifeschoice work.  How honorable is that?  And why shouldn't  Bill stay married to Hillary?  He knows he can cheat all he wants.  And Trumps marriage will remain in tact. Guaranteed.  You give me a time and a number, I'll take your bet.  And I don't gamble.
Horrible child molesting idiot lesbian liar...And those are her good qualities!
1) Obama actually cared. 2) Obama didn't go around claiming to be Mr. Law and Order. That's what conservatives don't understand.  The GOP went around for much of the 90s and early 2000s claiming to be the party of morality and family vales.  Therefore, when GOP politicians are caught soliciting gay sex in airports, harassing male pages, or jetting off to other countries to fool around with their mistress, it's going to get covered.
An affectionate kiss, sure.  I kiss my dad on the lips out of affection.  Locking lips and exchanging tongues....we'd both pass on that.  Would you not find that disgusting, and would you change your mind about it with "love?"  Sex is a matter of procreation, period.  All attraction and pleasure that accompanies it is of evolutionary design to perpetuate the species and assure kids have a mom and a dad to raise them.  Sodomy is just self-gratification and homosexual sodomy is just imitative of real sex, and, therefore, of no social redeeming value.
Anyone pay attention to the latest trash out of Bishop Tom Paprocki, of Springfield, Ill., who is calling on priests there to deny Holy Communion and even funeral rites to people in same-sex unions unless they show “some signs of repentance” for their relationships.  It's in today's Washington Post.    ...and the USCCB wonders why so many folks have walked out.
Unfortunately this is another case where scammers have ruined the chances of honest gays to seek refugee status in Canada. Many are taught by their human traffickers that stating that you are gay is a free pass to Canada if you are from the world of Islam.
It was discussed in a rational way at the Truth & Reconciliation Commission. The very concept of the Residential School System was wrong. The intention wasn't to educate but to eradicate.  And I laughed quite a lot at this article. I had no idea Senator (Trust Harper to pick em) Beyak also had such wingnut ideas about the LGBTQ community. And Beyak made it sound as if her husband was gay too!
You should direct your comments to the folks earlier who claimed that having sex with other men does not make you gay.  It's being attracted to them that makes them gay.  You folks need to really get your message straight.  You aren't sure what or what isn't the definition of gay.  Regardless of if it's having sex with a man or being attracted to men, either way it's a choice.  Unless you can show me evidence of two male cats having sex with each other.
- everyone knows Spacey is gay - yes, icky, inappropriate, and wrong that he made a pass at a 14 year old; nothing happened, no crime was committed - it was 30 years ago - a 14 year old was at an adult party at the end?  where are the parents? - Rapp's announcement of it today seems more like a little bitchy fight between them rather than some long held shameful secret. - Let's concentrate on the real abusers; this is a sideshow.
Nobody is refusing to serve blacks, the blind, Christians, or gay people. This is what fake news is all about. The florist in this case serves gay people all the time.
I doubt very much that you "chose" to be heterosexual. I know that gays do not say, "I think I will be homosexual. It must be fun to be a member of a despised and persecuted minority."  And you are still hung up on "gay sex is icky".
LGBT communities  in Canada ought to be afraid.  Will lesbians gladly wear hijabs?
True.  Anyone  that thinks that a boy is simply going to claim that he’s a girl to make the team hasn't thought this thru. This is school where everyone knows everyone. That means that the kid is going to have to live as a girl 24/7. Makeup. Hair. Clothing. No hanging with his male friends. No male sports. Not to mention that he’s just removed himself from the hetero dating pool, pretty much permanently. And that’s not even considering what his former male buds will call him. Gay and fag are among the kinder words. And then we get to the physical bullying - 10% of trans people have been physically or sexually assaulted.
He didn't want to sell a cake, which has no sexual orientation, to gay customers.
Last year, when BLM accused the entire white gay population of Toronto of disgusting racist bigotry against the black LGBT community,  nobody, not Tory, not Wynne, not Trudeau came forward to defend our long history of openness and acceptance of ALL people. That was tacit agreement with BLM that we as individuals and as a community are despicable. Even the CBC, CITY TV Globe and Star,  once our media allies , sided with BLM. As usual, we gays were tossed under the bus for somebody else's convenience. Who defends our rights to not be slandered and defamed?  NOBODY !
There would seem to be an easy solution. A heterosexual could say he's buying this gay wedding cake for his friend or relative who is gay or say he's buying it as a joke to play on a friend. You would think that this baker would have no problem selling anything to a straight person. Heck, the baker would probably sell a cake to a straight guy who said he was buying it for his friend or relative who was a serial murderer or child molester, as long as he was also a straight guy. Of course, one of the gay guys could always profess to be the straight guy who's buying a cake for his friend or relative. Why fight the system?  Best,  RTD
What these idiots fail to realize is that Trump has employed and cut pay checks to more black latino gay lesbian muslim and transgendered people than all previous presidents combined.
I hear this comment a lot, Dromig.  You yourself have been sent away from each Confession with the same statement. Have you ever complied? Or have you sinned again? Like me, were you trying your best, improving even, but never clear of sin? In my opinion, you keep pretending a perfection in the Bible that doesn't occur there, then selectively applying it as a judgment.  It seems to be a sin for which many do not repent.  As welcoming as God remains to you and I, despite our persistent lacks of love and repentance, that's how welcoming we are called to be. This same lack of love was preached as gospel in May as we visited Boulder Co., only for physician-assisted suicide rather than gay marriage. The priest, to his credit, obviously struggled with the unloving mandate from his bishop. So we refuse to walk with those who cry for help, just like those abused by churchmen or women, just like those who dare to love, because Christ demands it?  Ridiculous, and unlike Our Lord in so many ways.
These are people, not homosexuals, and you are an idiot, and no man of god. Leave this beautiful community of LBGQT alone and go far away, you are not welcome in my home state if this is how you are going to behave, you uneducated savage.
I don't like free trade deals, because it usually means loosing Canadian jobs and industries to other countries. I especially don't like free trade with China because of their abysmal Human Rights record. Canada should not be celebrating doing business with a country that imprisons gays and lesbians, and executes those who criticize the government.
Your last sentence makes sense only if homosexuality is a learned behavior and is chosen. It is not. Question: When did you choose to be heterosexual?
We will see women as popes  when Islamic men stop raping women, playing tahharush, killing gays, forcing them to cover up, not allowing them to drive, stop performing genital mutilation etc. Jk we know neither will ever happen. Now run along and make my white self a sandwich honey!!
I was wrong in stating he takes hormones--there is no confirmation that he does. You are correct in pointing out that surgery is not always used to transition.   There is a highly controversial diagnosis known as autogynephilia, which doesn't totally address Wolscht's disorder but seems to partially--men who are aroused by the idea of being women. In his case, the arousal appears to depend on being an underage female/child. This also explains his shacking up with a couple of polyamorous swingers, having sex with "daddy" at a sex club, and so forth.  This notable deviance is the reason why that diagnostic label is no longer in use when talking about transgenderism broadly--it simply doesn't typify the vast majority of people who are transgender.  See my note on the clovergender hoax appended to one of my comments below.
It looks more like the lunatic white supremacist billionaires have begun to take the US people on a joy ride to oblivion. Sheep, how in the world can you support Trump? He and his thugs have absolutely no interest in the average American. His choices for cabinet are indicative of that. DeVos will, for example, destroy public education nation wide as she did in Michigan. There are already signs of how poorly educated the average American is and she will nail the coffin shut. Pence will throwback LGBT  and women's rights to the dark ages. I could go on but I think you get my drift.
A gay person who supports Trump?  Oh, I forgot.  There's also that Milo guy.  The basket overflows.
Er, what is 'homosexual conduct'? And where does 'God's law' say 'no' to it?  You see I think of homosexual conduct as committed love. And love, true love, is many things more than one. Where does God ban this? You clearly equate homosexual conduct with one thing: an*l s*x. So we are at cross-purposes here.  Are you sure that old cardinal you quoted wasn't a closeted (though perhaps not closeted to everyone), self-loathing gay man himself?  He certainly sounds the type to my ears.  You're obviously not aware that many hetero-couples engage in this kind of s*x, and that many gay couples do not.
"There is no law in Palestine that discriminates against Jews, or anyone else for that matter"  Blatantly false, and the fact that you think Sharia law doesn't discriminate against Jews tells me and anyone reading this everything they need to know.  And regarding your definition of Apartheid... now your just splitting hairs.  Which is why I stated:  Weather you choose to call the discrimination against Jews, homosexual and other minorities that is taking place in Palestine Apartheid or some other equally horrific synonym is irrelevant.
Transgender is not real... It is however a mental disorder!!!
Black Pride = being black and proud Gay Pride = being gay and proud White Pride = NAZI! - Hypocrisy is worse than racism.
This is ALL a sad joke pushed by left wing nuts that are bored with sitting at home.. Trump has no intention of taking away anything from women or anyone else (unless you are a terrorist or criminal) - it is all a farce, a scare tactic started by the left to make up for the fiasco they had with Bernie and Clinton. The left presented a Socialist (some thought communist) and a lying FEMALE career crook that doesn't care about the murder of gays and subjugation of women or Christians. Now all these poor 'ladies' (the ones that didn't actually listen and vote FOR Trump) feel out of touch and need to 'stand up' and show just how clueless they are. So - let them make fools of themselves and fade back into their 'safe place' the left likes to promote..
This is the same exact STUPID thoughtless comment we see all the time. you can't even come up with an original thought. THINK.. Do they have NON handicap parking spaces?  These celebrations come about because of people like YOU..People who oppress those who are not like you.. People who think THEY are the only ones who deserve rights.. These parades and celebrations are to remind folks like YOU that these people exist and are worthy of exactly what you are worthy of.. when these celebrations are no longer NEEDED to remind you dolts then YAY... We will be one nation.. Until then America is NOT great and never was.. America is filled with BIGOTS who say things like "What I can't stand is that we have this black history month and gay pride month" .... THINK! for ONCE in your life.. THINK !
peterpi. I'm just saying. The baker doesn't check the status of heterosexuals sexual sin because their sins are hidden. A gay couple cannot hide their sexual sin simply because it's obvious .  By the way. Sin is sin whether you hid it under a blanket or throw the covers off
Pathetic Liberals. Why are gay Chechen's a top priority for Canada's government? Why do they have to be spirited away in secret? Such utter BS to claim: "it is for their safety". No, it is self-serving of these special interests groups. What value do they add to Canada? These individuals do not represent the value of average Canadian's, or their first priority.  Gays should stop deluding themselves into thinking that the average Canadian really cares about gay rights. They don't. Do they care about heterosexual rights? No, didn't think so. Second, John Ibbistson should not be writing a piece promoting gay refugees over others without disclosing he himself is gay. Full disclosure John. Enough is enough. There are far more needy people out in the world that need Canada's help then homosexuals from a far off country. Take care of your own first, then those in real need, then if you want to save some special interest group, go ahead. But that isn't the Liberal way, it's the Trudeau way.
Lots of these towns seem like good places to be lesbians.
By the way, being gay is not a "lifestyle" just like being heterosexual is not a  lifestyle.  It's called a life and it's a life that is none of your concern.  If you don't like seeing gay people and people who support gay people why don't you stay away.  You are not wanted and you clearly don't have anything nice to say so, go home and try to poison your own community.
The "tolerant" gays and their drama...  Is there a legal defense fund for this guy?
Uh, plenty of women have learned how to pee standing up. And after surgery, trans women no longer have a penis.  Why don't you do a little research on the subject.
Did you see any of the American Baptist stuff on You tube after that horror? They praised the killer. I know what you are saying . My son is gay.
It is what it is.   As I stated... "intestinal intercourse is unnatural and unhealthy".  I didn't limit that to homosexuals.  not sure why you're so defensive about it.
Harper also ran a candidate that would come to your home and pee in your dishes. Doesn't mean Harper was really tolerant of that - at least for his own dishes.  At one time Harper wanted a party of Theo-Cons; all the orthodox religions of the book (Jewish, Christian, Muslim) even Orthodox Buddhist holding hands and hating progressives and gays like Baird. Baird wisely never "came out" to Canadians or his constituency; he just enjoy the benefits of all the progressives who fought for his rights.  BTW, Harper specifically attacked refugee programmes and had Kenney cut health care to vulnerable refugees and asylum seekers. My MP sent me dog whistle note asking if I approved of refugees "getting better health care" than me.
Lesbian chicks are OK as long as they are HOT!  This one appears to be marginal.  Anybody got any tapes?
And liberals only care about you if you are gay or muzlim.  How does it feel to be painted with such a broad brush?
yep, they're using the homosexual Hillary's guide to debate: " Everyone with whom you disagree, call them a NAZI"
"It’s a new level of hypocrisy to advertise you are raising funds for the ACLU while simultaneously, very likely, violating public accommodations laws." Thank you Megan for being a voice of reason. While I don't care about "women-only screenings", especially for a film I don't plan on watching in the theater, it is illegal to ban a particular sex from entering a public establishment. What's funny is the same women who defend this "Women only" screening would be outraged if they made plans to get together with their girlfriends and buy tickets to see the next "50 Shades" movie, but were turned away at the door due to an exclusive "Gay Men only" screening.
The Holy Father is under no obligation whatsoever to release any documents to anyone.  He answers to God alone.  He cannot change Church doctrine, he lacks that power.  As a result, he cannot do otherwise than to affirm that the Church has not authority to ordain women, that homosexual marriage and behavior is morally disordered and sinful, etc.  Pope Francis is progressive in many ways, sadly, but even he cannot alter doctrine.
Well, of course he supports Transgenders.   He is gay.  My gosh, Obama was a wrecking ball to the Military to the concept of good order and discipline.  It will take years to spot the damage and remove it and we may never recover from this despicable  Obama Regime.
You shamelessly wear your rabid homophobia on your sleeve, Ken. All evils in the church and/or world have at their root homosexuals, in your disordered world view. It's known as scapegoating, and it's a mortal sin.
Yes, but if we say what you say (just talking about a report) we get censored, because it doesn't fit with the multicultural society that PM junior wants us to believe is what we need.  Why can't we say Islam is a misogynistic, gay-hating religion.  Not all Muslims agree with this, but those who do then kill, beat, and rape women and gays.
IT would not be called peaceful if a group of angry white people commandeered Caribbana in the same way making 9 irrevocable demands for white  control  in the running of Caribana.   But being gay, we are expected to submit to being   slandered and abused.
Gay promiscuity is a grave sin because, like the hetero kind, it eats at the soul.  Pederasty is very grave, but it can go either way.  Adult, monogamous consensual sex is only wrong in a natural context if you let being theistic break the tie, which Austin Fagothy did with a nod and a wink to all the gay seminarians who use the book and think for themselves.
Huh, maybe that's why lesbian sex is shown in straight porn and not considered homosexual porn.
I actually made three points and you just failed to grasp all of them. Here is the Cliff's notes version:   Point 1: Transgendered people obviously suffer from some sort of mental illness.  Point 2: Leftists are illogical to deny the patently obvious (that transgenderism is a form of mental illness) yet they reflexively leap to the absurd conclusion that the President of the United States must be mentally ill.  Point 3: Leftists are hypocrites to say we aren't qualified to arrive at the obvious conclusion that transgendered people suffer from mental illness yet think they themselves are qualified to make the much more outlandish assumption that President Trump is mentally ill.
What's troubling is that the gay couple did this on purpose, they knew very well that the baker will not agree to do the cake and they were just looking for trouble, having nothing better to do. What happened to our country's live and let live tolerance which includes all? They could go to any other bakery, but picked this one to force a lawsuit. Talk about a fascist way of doing it, this is it.
Is there a chamber where Pence hangs the gay people now?
Let's stay in the rational lane for a few minutes to see where it takes us.  Priests seeking same sex sex with post-pubescents is entirely closer to "gay" than a male adult sexually abusing a girl infant.     Just trying to think through the logical consequences of these different cases.
Sure, the product of the true sexual union between a man and a woman in marriage could very well be  another unique person with an immortal soul.  The ONLY product of the sexual union betwen two homosexuals is spilled seed or eggs and some fecal matter.    Pick 'em!
As does Islam genius. Oh and subjugation of women, and the KILLING of non-Muslims. So your point is slag. Could me and my transgender bf get married in a mosque? Get a grip.
Except his statement starts with black and white law - that is not the gospel starting point; even for a bishop.  We are Christ-centric; build our church on relationships before we start *dis-inviting* people.  Sorry, a known public pronouncing racist is very different from folks in a gay marriage - your comparison alone is contemptible.
Agirl:  Congratulation.  You've sunken to a new low.  First you accuse President Obama of being a closet homosexual.  Then you belittle Michelle Obama as a "cow."  Have you no standards of decency?  Gary Crum
Cardio212, get real.  Look into things more deeply.  The gays who want a sex change join the armed services to get their sex change procedures paid by you and me.  The cost for a sex change is beyond the reach of most gays.  And, the drugs that they need to maintain their new sex is an expensive life-time money drain on you and me.  Are you being subsidized for your medical insurance cost?  I am not and I don't want to have my tax money paying for freeloaders who cheat to get subsidized.  The Paris agreement put all the burden on certain afvanced countries.  So, the USA must pay a penalty for those countries that want/need to keep burning fossil fuels to get rich and have the USA and other countries pay for it.  Get real, Cardio212 and look below the surface of what idiots like Hirono is saying and if your eyesight is 20/20, you may see the light if your mind is open to the truth.  By the way, Gore was middle class when he left, now he is worth hundreds of millions...how did he do it?
To blame evanagelicals for beating gays 500 years ago, when the movement only came into being less than 50 years ago show your ignorance.
So, Christians can discriminate against gay folks, but gay folks cannot discriminate against Christians. Nice imbalance of power there.
Yes, jots and tittles, crossed Ts and dotted Is. This is a bishop who wants simultaneously to single out the gay members of his local church for specific opprobrium and distance himself from the directive by which he's doing it.  Deplorable.
"Homosexual" and "heterosexual" are adjectives, not nouns. "Gay" is also an adjective, not a noun. When I say I am a "gay man", the emphasis is on "man". It's a descriptor.   I have been gay for my entire life, and I've never met anyone who identified themselves as a "person who experiences same-sex attraction".
Motley:  this is an interesting topic.  Certainly, pedophiles often seek positions where they can find and groom potential victims.  Yes, scout leaders, teachers, coaches, church youth group leaders, Catholic priests, vounteers to youth assistance programs, et al.  It's also interesting that the Boy Scouts have long prohibited gay men from serving as Scout leaders.  Yet, the organization has a long history of "non-gay" leaders being pedophiles... Folllowing is a quotation from an excellent article addressing this issue.  I've also provided the link so you or anyone else can read the entire article.  regards, Gary Crum
In another recent strawman survey: No major religious groups approve of a food market from serving a murderer.  Ergo....  More homosexual propaganda designed to make people believe that people approve of homosexual acts.  This is by design, starting with the conflation of same-sex attraction and homosexual acts under the label "gay" or even farther removed from the sodomy, "LGBT" (because "gay" was becoming synonymous with sodomy.)  People should not be denied service because they have same-sex attraction.
San Francisco?  Eugene?  Would not be surprised to discover these women engaging in hate speech were lesbians.  Sidebar - Used to drag race with Veldon Kropf back in the day out at Balboa Dragstrip.  Good people.
As sad as it sounds, yes. If a gay/lesbian is "forced" to change/shower in the locker room of their genitals, then people who are uncomfortable showering with the opposite sex will feel comfortable. As long as the trans guy that's gay can control his attraction at least. If he doesn't, it could get ugly!  And Lord help a women that feels like she's a guy showering with a bunch of men.  Rape happens all the time and makes the news frequently.  Are you willing to put people at risk for the feeling of one person in ten?  A little ironic isn't it?  People would feel more comfortable showering with someone attracted to their sex than someone of the opposite sex that isn't interested in them.  But guess what, people feel the way they feel. Respect that as much as you respect those that feel different than you!
You're "sad" or "disagree" with my comment? Then kindly explain what Chrystia Freeland and the Liberal government are doing for the persecuted homosexuals in Saudi Arabia.
"Icky" is an other one of those word games that the homosexual activists use to make abhorrence to sodomy sound silly.  Meanwhile, thousands and thousands of men who don't think homosexual sodomy is icky are suffering and dying from HIV/AIDS.  Sodomy is a lot more than icky: it's downright deadly.
day by day all normal people wake up and start understanding what a huge stupid mistake they did when they accepted trans and gays...   just like any other "minorities" they will push their agenda and with the help of the state they will bully all the rest in the name of "tolerance"  the people of Canada deserve it, and more some of you think this "protects trans and gays"... wrong they are no more protected than yesterday... if an evil person wants them to get hurt... they will get hurt  actually this is damaging them beyond repair as people around wake up in a police state where their language and actions are under constant policing, they will start to see who the enemy is, and they will start to act  like in Europe right now, where at the roots, a growing anti-islam movement is spreading, even as the media and the state regulates more and more against it  it will not only become mainstream, but it will have a devastating effect down the road bad laws are bad, and stupid
"These trans people" just want to pee in peace. Funny thing, if you've ever used a public bathroom its quite likely you've shared that experience with a one of "those trans people" without  even realizing it.  On the other hand be careful what you wish for. When the transgender men return to the women's bathroom with their dashing masculine looks complete with facial hair remember ... under this proposal their birth certificates forced them to be there.
The likely scenario is that SCOTUS will uphold the law and not overrule their own longstanding extensive civil rights canon in some Revolution of Judicial Activism. This isn't a case about bakers or gays but rather whether one asking whether all civil rights protections promised by the Civil War Amendments have ANY power off the printed page in the real world if any bigot counters with "...But, but, my religion!".  One need only quote St. Antonin Scalia for extensive and compelling argument for the proposition that religious claims do not trump laws of general application to the public nor force others to abandon their own constitutional rights.  Religious belief does not make people into a special class with special rights; it is the right to worship, not more.  There is no precedent in American law for the idea that among the "bundle of sticks" comprising religious freedom is one labeled: Right to Deny Others Their Constitutional Rights.
I'm afraid of a religion that, in countless Islamic countries, is rounding up gay people and imprisoning and murdering them. Does that make me Islamophobic? Or does it make me a rational liberal?
You offered me your support of bigotry. The second great commandment Christ gave us was to love our neighbor. When Christ was asked who his neighbor was, he gave as an example a member of a despised minority. Try reading the parable of the Good Samaritan, substituting "married gay man" for "Samaritan". The hatred that Paprocki has for gays is the opposite of Christ's commandment, so don't tell me "he's following Church teaching". He is perverting Church teaching.  You support him in this perversion, which is why I don't believe you when you say you aren't homophobic. If you actually weren't, you would reject Paprocki and all his works and all his empty promises.  If you respond, I shall ignore you. I have said my piece, and all the whingeing you do won't change the fact that you support bigots in their bigotry.
It is unlikely that there will be any change in the culture of the Church until women and men are treated as equals before God and are allowed to study together for the priesthood, whether they are gay or straight, married or single. The hierarchical structure needs to change to a horizontal structure that honors the majority viewpoints. The early Church relied very much on the "sense of the faithful". This means that the lay people were the voice of the Church and it was their common sense that determined the horizontal structures of the Church. The head of the Church was Jesus, not the pope, and that made all the difference. What are we doing honoring a human being as the head of the Church, especially when popes are ignoring the commands of Jesus and worshiping an institution instead? It has been many years since I have heard a bishop talk about living the spiritual and corporal works of mercy. All we hear are bishops interfering in the sexual lives of the lay people. Very sad.
I'm waiting for the SCOTUS to review the case of where a gay couple or Jewish couple go into a Muslim bakery and get refused a wedding cake. So far, no one has been suicidal enough to try.
Laughable. Israel is singled out regardless of this article. Just have a read of all the BDS activities internationally and nationally, at universities and in protest marches. Nothing stale about standing with Israel as most legislatures and parliaments and university administrations would attest to. In fact, the only crocodile tears and wolf-crying that is falling on deaf ears are left-wing, commie-pinko whiners, and Jew hating fascists and extremists. Israel continues to rank in the very highest on the Human Development Index. The wolf-crying Palestinians at the very bottom. Apparently, terrorism, honor killings, gay torture and apartheid, female genital mutilation, chronic Jew hatred, extrajudicial hangings, don't rank very high. Talk about a stale culture!
Hi Shisaisama! You're back! Did you imagine that Jesus asked you to blaggard gay people again?
The author no doubt still wants the police to be be present at the parade, at taxpayer expense, to provide protection for the gay marchers, particularly in light of the attack last June by the ISIS supporter on the gay nightclub in Orlando where 49 people were killed.  In her view, the police can die to protect the gay's marching, but they certainly can't march in the parade.  What hypocrisy.
The Pulse nightclub shooter was motivated by Islam's traditional rage against homosexuals.  This I what you must come to grips with.
If this baker had refused to bake a cake that supported the KKK or was derogatory to gays......how many people would support him? (Probably everyone who doesn't now?)
And also woman, if you think porn is better than sex you like porn more than most guys. Porn isn't a substitute for sex, men and women have masturbated since ever using their imagination just fine. Women have dildos since before history and puritan women bemoaned it because it "gave the appearance that women want sex just as much as men want" just like nowdays feminists and past day as well bemoan them because it gives the appearance that women like dick just as much as men like pussy. Here's a secret, both are true. Isolated women will turn prison gay way quickier than men. And if you put a man and a woman that hate despise and are disgusted with each other to their guts she'll try to fuck him way before he even considers it. If you put two straight women in that situation they will turn prison gay way quicker than the guy in that scenario to consider fucking the woman he despises. (I'm saying this first hand)  Solution? Accept the current state and revel in it.
If you're a rational thinker, and not a hypocrite you do not belong to any religious or cult group that you do not have a common interest.  Being 'GAY' isn't comparable to  belonging to a religious group, going to a meeting for  a specific reasons unrelated to a  political party doctrine should not compromise you.   Religious groups 'cults' are asking you to accept their dogma, it's 'blind faith'  disagreeing is not a choice in religion.
You clearly have no idea of what you speak. Sharia tosses gays off of high rooftops. When did that happen in this case? Be specific.
News reports should avoid such judgemental and outdated terms as "controversial", "far-right", "openly gay", "ant-Islam", "racist", "????phobic", "feminist",  etc.  Media should present the news as it is, and let the readers make their conclusion.
"The very context of the prohibition - it is couched between the prohibitions of child sacrifice and bestiality - makes clear the extent of the OT’s condemnation."  That's because the temple prostitution and cultic sex lived right next door to the big fire pit built in Molech's honor where they threw the kids in and watched them burn up. You realize that the temple prostitution included opposite-sex activities as well? Instead of seeing loving same-sex acts as equivalent to these travesties, why not see them as part of the larger picture of Canaanite savagery, as unrelated faithful same-sex partnerships as heterosexual temple prostitution is to heterosexual marriage? What has one really got to do with the other?
Calls lgbt people sexual deviants. *lgbt is practically forbidden in Media, from love, to life, to work, to sex* *we are getting slaughted around the world by cis heteros.. because lgbt people are the bad people?. * Turns on a tv and goes to literally any Channel. Cis hetero love, life, work, sex, murderers, rapists, drug pushers, ext.* uses lgbt bodies as sex toys, trys to rape cure lgbt people. Cuckold racism, bdsm. Rape kinks. Pedo kinks slave kinks. Ffs. Religion is know for protecting pedophiles while saying lgbt people should burn. If yall don't do any of those things, yall willingly ignore your own who do do it. While looking for just 1 thing to demonize us.* looks at any tragedy in human history. Cis hetero is always the reason why. *  Now tell me, who's the deviant?
Aren't all gays female friendly?
I suspect he is also against abortion.  Therefore, he must be repressing his desire to kill babies.  It's so strange that you gay folks really can't believe that people find your behavior with organs used for excretion of human waste to be offensive and sinful.
Do you know that some religious faith call for death of homosexuals, and treats women as third class citizens?
Charles makes a point, although it leans a bit more to the extreme about the sport killing of ISIS Muslims throwing gays off the roof. Why hold one religion to a different set of standards than another? The Muslim bakers did indeed discriminate and if you look all around everyone discriminates in some way, you discriminate everyday in some form of mannerism with the choices that you make even though you may not realize it. Sometimes you just got to let things slide by instead of trying to control and judge everything that comes up because you can't fight every injustice that occurs. So why is it ok for Muslims to discriminate and no one bats and eye, it barely makes headlines on B listed news sites but when a Christian does it, it becomes a national event just because someone you don't know was slighted and is it really a big deal that someone said "Hey, can you do this for us?" and the dude replied "No."
