Obama is importing Islamic fundamentalists? What vintage are they? Are they still in the box?  Or maybe with a link you could show us where you get this news? I only ask because the idea that the President is personally importing terror is silly at best and seditious at worst.   Like they said during the Bush years when we protested the war. Don't like the country leave it.  P.S. Talking bout how bad Muslims are after OK City, the PP guy recently, the SC church shooting, Aurora, or any other national slaughter is simply you picking and choosing your boogeymen. You are far more likely to be shot by a mentally unstable white kid with access to far to many guns.
Clear The latest attack was against Germany. Germany has been killing Muslims since 9/11. 9/11 was retaliation for the US interference in the Middle East and surrounding area, especially Palestine.
there is a difference between anti-Muslim hate and concern regarding the spread of Islamic thought.   Considering that there are large numbers of Catholic and Jewish cemeteries in Canada, if you would deny someone the simple comfort of the burial custom of their religious affiliation, you seem simply filled with animus.   Being wary regarding the spread of Islam however is another matter. The Islamic world, after reaching it's competitive cultural and technological peak 800 years ago, has stagnated since. Islam itself has never undergone a Renaissance or Enlightenment and it has never been forced to confront its theocratic assumptions as Christianity was forced to do under the West's expansion of pure science, philosophy, political theory technological innovation, and secularization... where are the Islamic world's da Vinci, Galileo, Kant, Voltaire, Smith, Marx, or Watt, its Oxfords or MITs, or even its defenders of the simple concept of the separation of church and state ?
Well if we're going to get into the subject of Trump's ignorance...how about his ignorance on: Diplomacy - nearly all of our allies distrust and dislike him Lawmaking - the Republicare debacle comes to mind Separation of powers - his Muslim ban court spanking for example Military strategy - doesn't know where his 'armadas' are or which way they're going Science - climate change, medical research Basic honesty & facts - oh count the ways (crowd size, # illegal voters...)  Refresh me - why was he elected again?
Who are you to decide that the baker's actions are "inconsistent" with Christianity?The 1st amendment does NOT determine what beliefs are, just that the government does not get to make laws restricting the free expression of the religion (with the caveat of course that no "religion" can deny others their life or their religion-that is a given). muslims ARE consistent with their religious belief that homosexuality is a death sentence. So, you are saying that as long as muslims are consistent and kill/discriminate against homosexuals they are free to do so, in your mind, because they are "consistent" but you single out YOUR definition of Christian and determine that no "Christian" is allowed the same right to refuse service to, approve of or associate with gays? What an illogical, irrational, intolerant position!
the ideology you describe would bother most people. seeing as this is the ideology of extremists and not the ideology of the other nearly 2 billion muslims who have similar beliefs to Christians and jews and don't wish to subjugate anybody, I think perhaps we should get rid of the extremists and get to know the other 2 billion muslims
His supporters with racist aliases. Mexicans are rapists. Ban Muslims.
It doesn't matter how you classify it, it's not terrorism. If a white person walks into South Central LA with some racist slogans on his t-shirt, he's probably going to be shot. That's not terrorism either. He walks in there knowing the risks that he's taking, people are going to want to hurt him for my beliefs or actions. Showing up at a nightclub, church, school, or theater, we'd like to think we're safe. Radical Muslims are proving otherwise, and that is why they are terrorists. And they are here and now, you had to go back 20 years to find an abortion clinic murder.
you gotta be kidding.  trump a Christian, nope, he is the devil, he hates blacks, Hispanics, muslims, gays, Asians, etc.
I would ask these questions of Catholic of fundamentalist Christians.  But there is one big difference between these two religions and Islam.  Islam actively promotes misogyny and homophobia.  Women in Saudi Arabia are treated as second class citizens, having to cover themselves, not being allowed to drive, etc.  And gays are being thrown off buildings because they are homosexual.  I mean, by God, this is 2017.    So there is a difference in having a different view (I cannot condone the homosexual lifestyle so I am not going to bake you a cake) versus violence toward that person (yeah, I will bake you a cake, with something nasty inside it).  Christianity doesn't throw gays off buildings or force women to cover themselves head to toe.  For the record, I am gay, so this issue is important.  And for the record, I am deeply sorry that someone would shout out things to people would appear to be very nice folks!
I find it strange that some Muslims still wonder why they are discriminated against or feared by americans. Isn't the answer obvious?  Yes, not all Muslims are terrorists. But all the terrorist do seem to be Muslim. How is one to know the difference? You can't, that's the problem, and its a much bigger problem than Muslims will admit. Of the billion plus Muslims in the world, perhaps several hundred million are radicalized and either hope for America's fall or actively working to make it happen. It's no small threat, fears are not unfounded.
.  I'm not even going to read the article......  More SENSELESS killing/murders and the Americans will never get it. GUNS KILL PEOPLE Gents,  the more  guns you will have, the more people will die.  On a more "positive" note, I'm more than certain the id$ot/lunatic Trump will write this off to Muslim extremists.  God help the United States....... .
Well, there's a mindset, a behavioral set, to even want to be like you.  Some of those behaviors are:  Bully, Attention Craver, Liar.  Serve your own interests.  Funny how hypocrites like you tell everyone "not all Muslims are bad" and "not all blacks are bad" because of the behavior of a few that dont meet your standards yet here you are generalizing about all law enforcement.  You deserve to be slapped. Stop gobbling up the garbage that the media keeps piling on your plate.
Islamists must be lobbying hard - Trudeau gave tax dollars to a convicted terrorist and now this... Butt out Trudeau, do not interfere with democracy, this is not Cuba, in case you haven't noticed....
This disgusts me. Isis, the ISLAMIC state of Iraq and Syria are a military group organizing against any infidels across the entire globe. Innocents were murdered in the thousands in just the past month or so as compared to maybe a dozen inversely. This political shift is being realistic and cautious to a serious threat to global citizens. Make no mistake, we are not racist because as you well know Muslims are not a race. . You take the newsprint version and shove it you know where.
NO!!!  It doesn't!  Canada is already doing far more than it should while the rich Arab states does absolutely nuts.  Personally, I'm very tired of Muslims telling us what we Canadian infidels what we should do for Muslims.
Not with ya on this, WE.  Although not on board with celibacy, as per our Book God did not prescribe that for us, adding the warning "...and furthermore, you can't do it...", these are still spiritually devoted people who sought to rise above the degeneracy of their times, at considerable personal cost.  Given a choice, I'd have to conclude that their form of insanity was far less harmful than that of the leaders of prominent atheist movements, such as Stalin. Mao and Pol Pot, whose respective body-counts were: ~ 7 million, 40-70 million and ~2 million.  The civilian body-count of officially secularist US wars from Korea through Afghanistan is CONSERVATIVELY estimated at ~ 6 million.  This in and of itself refutes the logical fallacy of attributing horrific wars to "deist religion".  At best it points to corrupt leaders' willingness to cloak their egregious VIOLATIONS of deist religions' authentic tenets with hypocritical facades predicated on them.  I don't exempt "Muslims" from this.
It's  what 40 years of Saudi funding Wahhabi Madrasahs has done to brainwash Muslims around the world.
Well, to be fair, any supposed "merits" of Trump are yet to be seen, so there is a reason these people keep up with the conspiracy theories and other deflection tactics that involve people that are not Trump, like Hillary.    Next up in the rotation? Maybe the birther stuff? Ayers? Alinsky? Wright? Obama is secretly gay and/or Muslim? Or that Michelle is really a man?   There is no end of nonsense conspiracy theories that the right spends hours and hours agonizing over, all while ignoring the rot at the center of their party, as well as the intrinsic immorality of their ideology.
Kaepernick is a terrible quarterback and a loser. He's led around by the nose by his Muslim girlfriend. The sooner he's out of the news the better. The left wing sports media just can't get enough of whining about his plight. The NFL and ESPN are losing viewers daily and the Kaepernick story has been a big reason.
When many Muslim parents objected to Wynne's sex education curriculum, she called them homophobes. Was that Islamophobic?
When Ali Jr. responded that yes, he is a Muslim, the officers kept questioning him about his religion and where he was born. Ali Jr. was born in Philadelphia in 1972 and holds a U.S. passport.   "To the Ali family, it's crystal clear that this is directly linked to Mr. Trump's efforts to ban Muslims from the United States," Mancini said, referring to President Trump's executive order signed Jan. 27 that instituted a ban for citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries.  He's clearly an American. An African-American. The son of the most famous American Muslim in the world.   I don't know how stupid you have to be to not know that or realize that if you just let his mother, the former wife of the most famous American Muslim in the world go through, that means he is the son of the most famous American Muslim in the world, but apparently it's not so stupid that you can't be given a uniform and told to guard our borders.
"Is everyone here really that ignorant about the kind of fanatical extremist religious sect the Nation of islam is?" No, they just choose to ignore it and rail on Christians for things that happened a thousand years ago because it's the hip thing to do.  (Btw I'm not a Christian.)
Sooner or later we are really, really, really going to have to start killing Muslims wholesale.
Religion is the blight of human existence. More death and suffering has occurred in the name of one God or another than for any other cause.   Religion is an instrument of power and control held by a few over the many for self-serving purposes. The strict Medieval tenets of Islam has spawned some very dangerous and murderous Leaders that many Muslims refuse to say "No" too. That is the emerging crisis.
Old Soul states: "Trump spewed hate filled rants on women, Mexican’s, and Muslims."  Huh....Please specifically state the number of, and the verbatim quotes made by Trump on "women, Mexicans, and Muslims."  Can you Do it?
Why do we keep labeling these countries as " six majority-Muslim countries". Has it not yet been determined that these are "six majority-Terrorist countries"?
Taqiyya is the 5th Column of Islam : to deceive non believers so to  protect and defend Allah and the faith.  In all otehr religions liars go to Hell. In Islam liars go to Paradise.
My life in this world, is only temporary on my journey, as is others. What I would worry about is after I pass on. I have to go over, and explain my life's actions, with my Creator as you will have to with yours, as will every one else, white, brown, black or whatever. I would like to be there though, when the racists, bigots, corrupt, and the ones who took part in the subjugation of races of people, including genocide, for white collar parasites and leeches who steal Native's lands and resources they covet, when they have to also explain their life's actions to their Creator. Do they get to go to their heaven, or to their hell? My bet is they end up in the same frying pan as the Islamic terrorists
Absolutely we should "weed out" the brutal murderers and killers of women and children. That, presumably, would also include Mr Trump's Military Industrial Complex, which has brutally maimed and killed MILLIONS of innocent Muslim women and children over the last thirty years.  If only you (and those agreeing with you)  held your ideas with real conviction and rigour - the world would be a much better place.
Cities in GB where police are not allowed to enter?  What are they thinking?  I have a feeling that may change.  It's happening in Germany, France, England, Belgium and it's on it's way here.  Some sickos on the left are already blaming Trump.  Saying he's inciting the terrorists to come here.  That way, they can blame him if they do.  If nothing happens, he won't get the credit for keeping us safe.  They'll just say he's a racist and a bigot for keeping Muslims away.  No win for him.
Do you also find it "funny" that 100 Founders, 94 of which were professing Christians, spent weeks vetting the Constitution's provisions, discussing what were natural rights, "revealed rights" and determined to insure the blessings of freedom for posterity? that they discussed the necessity of "religion", by which they meant Christianity in its essence, for a free, moral, religious society? The only violence that can erupt from "cult squabbling" is from islam against anyone non muslim. Apparently, you don't know US history at all. The first war the new nation was forced to fight was against islam (known as mohamadism (sp). Jefferson and Adams learned of the determination of "mosselmen" to destroy the US because it was not muslim.
Yes the antifas are a bunch of juvenile half-wits running around smashing windows.  But there are a lot of them, and they are creating a lot of destructive violence.  The fringe right is a much much smaller group of idiots spouting garbage and who get zero support from 99.5% of Trump supporters. For the most part they are harmless and ignored.  To suggest every one potesting the removal of the statues is explicitly supporting white nationalist 100% is completely irresponsible of the Globe & Mail.  The small right fringe is generally less violent than the much larger fringe left, and yes the right fringe are reprehensible and should be squashed.  But what angers the right is when MSM tries to pretend that Trump and every one of his supporters supports the extreme.  Just because someone is anti Trump I don't assume he is an ISIS supporter who believes in wiping the world of all non Muslims.
The silliest column yet.  He cheers Rachel Maddow, who utterly embarrassed herself with her smug  TV explanations that it was impossible for Trump to win.  And, he has nothing to say about yesterday's terrorist attempted mass murder by a radicalized Muslim immigrant.  Nothing!  The claim that Trump's election "unleashed toxic venom" is simply not true.   The claim that millions of Americans (oh, and not just the white ones)  really haven't been gravely hurt by the loss of 70,000 factories shipped overseas?  What is he suggesting, that the rust belt voters were hallucinating their loss of  jobs?  When are these guys going to get over losing this election?  Why do they need to make stuff up about Muslim persecution, right after a Muslim immigrant tried to murder scores of young people?  You lost.  Get over it.  It's getting embarrassing.
I have seen enough to know not to trust any one who professes Allah and adheres to the ideology of hate, pedophilia, degrading and mutilation of woman, beheading of Christians, bombing of innocents, genocide, World conquest which are all tenents of the Islamic faith. Faith in a God who is not filled with mercy and calls for the drinking of camel piss. Allah is not God and Muhammed is just an extremist pedophile baal worshipper of the moon.
We don't need M-103. We have a Charter of Rights and Freedoms.  BTW is it white males who are requiring some Muslim women to cover their face and relegate them to the back door and women seating area of mosques? Is it white men who are arranging marriages for some women. Insert mail order bride comment if you like.
white supremacists do not subjugate people for their religion and this is taking it a little too far to say that.   I believe that Islamist do not like jews or Christians because they feel inferior them.
Have far-right whites matched the hatred and carnage inflicted upon Muslims by other Muslims?   We all share cultural affinities with nutters.  Best course is to do our best to deal with our own, because external interference in that clean-up operation is a recipe for conflict escalation on a scale that is best not repeated.
Apparently your read well, but understanding is certainly not one of your strong points!!  Never challenge you or your family the way you have mine, with your continued "little man" hateful rhetoric!! Tried to point out there's plenty of bad, worthless citizens to go around, but your clueless butt is always blaming the other side, while giving your side of anarchists, environ terrorists, Islamist, black thugs, etc, a complete pass and still going after ole whitey.  Well here's a FACT hateful:  White supremacist, skin heads, etc, aren't attacking innocent citizens, burning, looting, attacking police, but racist blacks, snowflake college liberals, radical Muslims, paid agitators are; while the so-called leaders of the racist Dems/DNaziC stand silently by, cheering them on.  With citizens like you still running your hateful mouths about whites! Don't accuse my party of the KKK, Jim Crow laws, lynching, the problems in cities like Chicago, DC, etc, that lies with liberals. Your kind!
There was a time when I would wake in the morning and never heard about Muslims or Islam, damn they were great years . On to be Canadian again.
Yeah, you represent Muslims well, Minshall. Not. But then again, maybe your caustic, superior demeanor is pretty typical of Muslims. Muslim MEN, anyway. The women have to be more careful lest they trod on some sexist Muslim law regarding what women are allowed to do or say or not do or say.
That's because the Muslims are attacking anyone in sight and on a global basis and are hostile to everyone, not just a specific ethnic or religious group. Their global hostility is the cause of the international outrage against Muslims.
Usual nonsense.  One person was killed in Charlottesville.  The Muslim terrorists that lefties want to leave the doors open for have killed many many more is mass killing attacks.  These commentators have been after Trump from day one and their latest fake news efforts at instilling fear are just the taste of the day.
I cross my fingers  and wish upon star "Don't be Muslim Don't be Muslim "
Why do they need to do your bidding for you? Were you out denouncing white guys who shoot people after Vegas and every other shooting? No, so why do Muslims need to do it?
Given Britain's embrace and tolerance of Islamic religionists, it's not surprising that it has reaped and continues to reap its  terrorist proclivity.
OMG, unbelievable that white males like Scat here could possibly believe criticism against racism, sexism or even discussions about equality are equivalent to the hatreds meted against people of colour, Muslims, women, etc. (mostly by white males).  Pathetic #WhiteMaleTears.
Will the liberal media elite condemn Islam for the attack today in Spain or will it continue to give Islam a free pass while attacking Trump for not condemning the alt right . #hypocrites
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia and antisemitism, , Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, democraceaophobia,  iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal  wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
The Middle East now isn't 1930s Europe, substantially different historically, culturally, religiously. The ME was 'broken' by western powers (who thought they were exceptional and superior) meddling in the Great Game long before our time. Iraq is an artificial country, like an MMA octagon with several oppositional fighters in a free for all. The 'shambles' has long been there, in great part because we egoistical, civilized westerners think we have the Christian right to 'do good', just as we've mistakenly thought we were the bulwark against communist hordes in SE Asia. You assume that by staying in Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East, we can 'fix it' and bring western style democracy there. Good luck with our being an occupational force. Once again, it's that haughty, condescending, falsely superior Christian attitude of thinking you/we know better than those 'Muslim savages.' We are reaping what we have sown, more so because of that ignorant racist buffoon in the White House.
The only way out of this mess is for Canada to become more secular. Canada should set an example for the world and push secular values as the highest and push down Christian, Islam, Jew and other book religions.  > The first step is stop government funding of religion. Second step is to protect child from indoctrination. 3rd step is remove all religion people from government posts. 4th step is remove all religions people from position of power such as doctors, judges, lawyers, cops etc. >  This the way forward, a secular society based on logic, reason and Socrates debates. There is no accommodating fairy tales, witch hunts, virtue signaling and tribalism.
Your wit is too much! You are burning my retinas with your biting social commentary....Especially the part about how evil Caucasians are. I've never ever heard *that* before. However, you are so right. Whenever I see one of those filthy Caucasians, I just assume they are serial killers and I go sit in my basement and rock back and forth and chant "sexist, racist, bigot, Islamophobic, Cis scum, white man" to purge myself.
The reporters desperately try to paint this as an anti-Muslim hate crime, but in the story we see that it was not.  "Before the stabbing the assailant on the train was ranting on many topics."  “He was talking about a lot of different things, not just specifically anti-­Muslim.”  The people stabbed were not Muslims.  They were apparently just random people trying to quiet down the disturbed person.  "Police don’t know if the man has mental health issues or if he was under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time."  Nevertheless, the usual gaggle of commenters here are blaming Trump.
“Our attacks will continue until a true sharia system is enforced in Pakistan,” the spokesman said, referring to Islamic law.  You see, Muslims are more affected (more killed) by the global Islamist movement than anyone else.  So-called Islamophobia slur doesn't make sense when all a person is doing is pointing out the dangers of, and wanting to do something about, Islamic fundamentalism and Islamism.  Unfortunately, the regressive-left shout-down and accuse anyone who criticizes anything to do with Islam or Islamism as a racist, bigot, xenophobic, Islamophobic white-supremacist Nazi.
Kapernick recently converted to being a Muslim. His girlfriend is a hard core Muslim activist. Without knowing what the heL) they are kneeling for, all these idiots are just following a couple of people whose motivation is questionable. How stupid... keep kneeling as ratings crap out, people stop watching, hopefully that Federal money that supports these wealthy jerks dries up and the owners have to start paying their own way... then watch salaries go in the sewer. Example...  stadiums paid for, no rent, profits from food and beverage go to owner of team, tax breaks, FREE RIDE ALL THE WAY. Make these narcissistic jerks pay their own way and watch the whole system collapse because without all the taxpayer money, these athletes would all be getting in the hundreds of thousands instead of hundreds of millions.... TICKET PRICES would go down too. Just can not wait.
"to combat forces that are corroding our social fabric."? i.e. Sharia Law Anyone that has had to deal with zealous muslims will have experienced the intense dislike they have for 'infidels' (non muslims) especially if you are a women.
Because 32,000 terrorist attacks by muslims in the western world since 9/11 killing over 200,000 people and injuring gravely over 200,000 cannot even come CLOSE to a few.  That's catastrophic.  Do you know how many terrorist attacks by buddhist took place in the same period? ZERO  Do you know how many terrorist attacks by hindus too place in the same period? ZERO.  So here is your conclusion.
Describes traitors to a 't' in this country and certainly all the bs 'glad handing' shiny ponies and little potato enablers of terrorists in this country! This current government is on notice to reverse its' radical Islam support and sellout to Communist China....either reverse course,have the PM resign,before real citizens step up like we see south of the border, to sort the lightweight political trash  out in this country!
Canada needs immigrants that want to integrate into Canadian society and live by Canadian laws!  We do not need muslims coming here that only want to live under sharia law!  sharia law is not compatible with Canadian law!
The hypocrisy of this government knows no bounds. Ms. Wynne, how do you think gay kids - who have to attend schooling by law until 18 and must attend school in their local area - are feeling when Fridays become disrupted by Muslim prayer services in the public schools? Homosexuality is condemned in main stream Islam. These are students who have NO choice in attending!
Bibi calls every Muslim who doesn't capitulate to Israel's bullying a "terrorist" and everyone non-Muslim who doesn't capitulate to Israel's bullying an "anti-semite."
And I condemn all the Ontario parties of our legislature.  We need a real opposition in Ontario because it's clearly just a bunch of snowflakes willing to sell out and bow down to islam.  Take your "islamophobia" and shove it you cowards.  Oh and Wynne: go and put on your headscarf, sit down in the back, and shut up.
How would terrorism "drive a wedge" between Muslims and the rest of us? A right-thinking person can surely stand on the side that opposes terrorism without compromising their religious values. Muslims oppose terrorism, don't they? Don't they?
Irrelevant Rightonleft.....I matters not if all people are nicey nice....what matters is that cultural values are different and that will always drive a wedge between even normal people.  When woman in Europe are accosted by muslim men for merely walking ahead of their spouse, things are bad.  I don't believe those muslim men would behead anyone, but the fact that they take it upon themselves to 'police' others around them to their stoneage standards should scare everyone.  We are not immune here.....
The rise in anti-white sentiment is a reflection of the rise of radical whites within the white community.    Christianity is a dark sinister force and for some reason the right continues to turn a blind eye to this.  Until so-called "moderate" white Christians publicly condemn and disavow the white-suprecacists' exhortation to remove all non-whites, there's nothing to talk about; except perhaps the banning of a hate organization.  Yes, of course not all Christians should be painted with he same brush, that goes without saying, however if a show of solidarity needs to happen one would expect that our Canadian Christians would perhaps show their outrage and disapproval when atrocious acts are perpetrated by white terrorists.   (amended from other posters' comments about Islam and Muslims)
This article speaks of the American killed being a tradegy....but Omar Khadr is the one who killed him! 15 yrs old or not, he's a terrorist and should be treated as one! The Harper government had it right and now the Muslim loving Trudeau government is now going to pay millions to a Muslim killer. Omar Khadr never was a true Canadian because if he was he wouldn't have taken part in the murder of both Canadians and Americans. He deserves nothing but jail time, not millions and the chance to do it again!
Let's take this absurdity one step further: Stop allowing Christians into Canada who have been overtly persecuted by Muslims because they are likely to harbour Islamophobic thoughts.
Islam seems to be busy trying to kill Christians this weekend .
Joan,  I was being sarcastic. If you think Islamic terrorists are bad, pray, tell me, who has killed more Canadians - German Nazis or Muslim terrorists (the right answer is German Nazis, who killed tens of thousands of young brave Canadians). Do you have  a problem allowing those Germans to come over?  Remember, the same Germans killed tens f thousands of Canadians in World War One too. But since they are blonde and blue eyed, it is a lot easier to forgive them, right?
I did a Google search on "Trudeau condemns Islamic terrorist attack in Canada".    One recurring result was for the attack on the mosque in Quebec.  In this instance, Trudeau explicitly mentioned Muslims...as the victims.  The other result was for the terrorist attack in Ottawa where one solider was killed and another injured.  The Harper government explicitly identified the attack as Islamic-based.   Other than encouraging Canadians to not scapegoat all Muslims for that attack, Trudeau's comment was the same generic one he made after the attacks in Spain, Finland, England, etc.  I found no condemnation of the thwarted terror plot by Muslims in Toronto; but did find the article "Trudeau awards terrorist with citizenship".    I challenge anyone to find one instance where Trudeau publicly identified and called-out a terrorist as Muslim and condemned their act of terror.
Kindness will only continue to enable  fundamentalists, including clerics,  who use violent verses of the Koran to spread their religion and terrorize non believers and apostates.  A major reform within Islam is needed and this must come from within the Muslim community.  Until this happens, all we can do is fight fire with fire.   "I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them"(Quran 8:12)" "As to those who reject faith, I will punish them with terrible agony in this world and in the Hereafter, nor will they have " anyone to help."(Quarn 3:56)
>>>THEY SAY ISLAM IS A RELIGION OF PEACE (Not True.) Just read the koran... To them we(non-believers) are infidels and only *USEFUL IDIOTS*  (1) Kill anyone who insults Islam or Muhammad. (Koran.33;57-61). (2) Kill all Muslims who leave Islam. (Koran.2;217/4;89/Bukhari.9;84-57). (3) Terrorize and behead those who do follow other than Islam. (Koran.8:12). (4) When the opportunity arises kill the infidels where you find them (Koran.9:5). (5) Muslims cannot be friends with Infidels. (Koran.5;51). (6) We the Infidels are sworn enemies of Muslims and Islam. (Koran.4;101). (7) Infidels can be raped as sex slaves. (Koran.4;3 & 24/5;89/23;5/33;50/58;3/70;30). (8) Infidels the vilest of creatures deserving no mercy. (Koran.98;6). (9) Muslims must terrorize us (Infidels). (Koran.8;12 &59-60/ Bukhari.4;52;220) (10) Muslims must strike terror into non-Muslims hearts. (Koran.8;60). (11) Muslims are allowed to crucify and amputate us (Infidels). Koran.8;12/47;4)  IS THIS YOUR MULTI-CULTERRORISM???
Your head must really be in the sand to claim that all religions are the same. It saves you the trouble of actually having to study the religions themselves. You can flatter yourself with your benevolent tolerance (and, of course, look down on all small-minded intolerant haters). To say that the actual teachings of Islam have zero part to play in these terrorist acts is unbelievable. The still stone women to death in Muslim countries. Does the religion itself not inform this and countless other acts of violence and intolerance in any way?
My thought exactly.  How does one credibly position fringe white supremacists alongside Islamic State? This ridiculousness is symptomatic of the overwhelming need of some to reduce the bluntness of a position that could potentially result in a call of racism or Islamaphobia or other with a, "and whites are bad too don't you know?"  ISIS is a cancer on the world.  Period.  That has nothing to do with white supremacists or the price of butter.
Id still rather live next to 100 Amy's than 1 islamic terrorist.
Patent histrionic nonsense.  The only real risk of fascism in this world is militant Islam and one-political-party communism (or whatever it's mutated to in Russia and China).
Sources of Illegal Guns at the U.S..  The Mexican Government has a License to Manufacturer Armlite (AR) 15s, actual Selective Fire Military M-4s and Military M-16s for the Mexican Military and Mexican Law Enforcement.  Routinely, these are sold to the Mexican Drug Cartels, these are then carried by Illegal Aliens along with Drugs as "Mules" to pay for their (Illegal Aliens) being smuggled into the U.S. by Mexican Drug Cartel "Coyotes".   These are then given to the Mexican Illegal Alien Gangs at the U.S. as  the Wholesaler of Mexican Drug Cartel Families, and Enforcers to make sure the Mexican Illegal Aliens pay their Debts to the Mexican Drug Cartel Families.  With the Alliance of the Mexican Drug Cartel Families and the Muslim Terrorist Organizations, shipping containers of AK-47s, SVDs, Ammunition, grenades, semtex explosives, RPG-7s, are shipped from South America (Iran's Hamas and Hezbollah)  to Central America, then to Mexico, continued.
Partisanship is an amusing charge coming from an anti-gay, anti-Hawaiian, anti-Muslim Trump-supporting birther who is a self-described Secretary at Hawaii Republican Party :-)
As Europeans have discovered, such muck-in integration is very difficult to do because of their faith. There are restrictions on what women can do and the men refuse often to work as equals with women. This makes integration into workplaces very difficult. There is a program on the TV in the UK where Muslims are placed in a house together. The disputes over sex roles are illuminating and show how difficult it is to reconcile this belief system with modern life. Some even express very violent views and wish to launch attacks. None of this is helpful for integration.
What an incredible pile of stinking manure. Trump's platform had NOTHING to do with white nationalism. He got basically the same percentage of the white vote that Romney got.  Trump no more promoted white nationalism than Obama promoted black nationalism in 2008 and 2012. Trump based his campaign on economic nationalism, secure borders, reduced regulations, limited government, and lower corporate taxes. Why do people insist on pushing these false narratives? The Democratic Party has not won the white vote in a Presidential election since since 1964. Were Romney, McCain, George W, George H.W. all white ethnic nationalists? They all won the white vote by huge margins as well. Trump is a marketer. His words were market positioning. Banning all Muslims from entering the country was said to differentiate him from Obama who wouldn't even utter the words Islamic terrorist. He later refined it to Muslims from terrorist hotspots. He was campaigning, not setting policy.
Quick question, who killed more Jews - the Christians or the Muslims?
Step 1. Ban Muslims -- omit Jews.  Step 2. Recognize Christianity as the state religion.  Step 3. Ban certain sects of Christianity.   Ladies and gentlemen, in the not-so-long term the Papists are going to be on the condemned list.  We best speak up for our non-Christian brothers and sisters now. The cardinals, bishops, and priests need to be way out in front of this. The Catholic laity needs be close behind.  Unfortunately, I don't have much faith in the clerics.
Once again a Muslim causes a terrible atrocity and the world still rubs its hands.  Islam, is not a religion and should not be considered one so as to obtain "religious freedom" so cherished by the West.  It is an intolerant "way of life" that applauds death of all non believers.  A world wide organized crime syndicate comes to mind but under the guise of religion.  Humanity must expel its existence.  Now you know!
There are so many things wrong with this article that I don't even know where to begin, this is truly a CNN level of fake news.   The rapes at the Swedish music festival were committed by immigrants from Muslim-majority countries, which is the reason police are investigating the immigrant connection. Muslim men have been committing huge numbers of rapes since Sweden made the mistake of admitting so many members of a 'rape culture' into their country.  As far as violence being committed against women and minorities every day by white men, the group most responsible for murdering black men in the US, by a wide margin, is other black men.   The wage gap is a myth. More men are raped every year than women. Far more men die every year in war, industrial accidents, murders and suicides than women. The 'testosterone empire' you're whining about really isn't a great advantage for men.  Yes, female-only screenings are sexist. Try having a male-only screening of Batman, and see how that goes.
It's has nothing to do with inequality it has EVERYTHING to do with these panty wastes being able to bring their political views where it don't belong. It's has everything to do with disrespecting our military,our country,and our flag. That fucking muslim Colin kaperdick started this bullshit and if Roger Goodell had any morals he would have put a stop to it last yr when this bullshit started. Protest on your OWN fucking time NOT the NFL s time.
if the cbc were to hire grizzly mama or a muslim tranny as the national anchor, i'd watch it but only under the influence. mansbridge was boring, full of himself, and made mountains out of molehills.
They will protest Trump but allow a Muslim man to kill his wife, daughters, sisters because they are women whiteout batting a eyelash.  Beating and killing women and children is not our way or is it compatible with our culture, our laws, nor our morals.  Subjugating women to wearing coverings, silence, and making them walk 15 feet behind the man is OK??  Yet you walk with a PU$$Y Hat?  Then a Muslim terrorist kills a bunch of people in a shopping mall and we are racists.  The Female and Male Left are really sick and weird people. You lost yet you refuse to obey democracy. Obama and Clinton killed millions and you do nothing.  Explain how you can stand back and do nothing about that?  Good luck explaining your hypocrisy
And you, of course, would be just as flippant and cavalier in telling these muslim businesses to do close up their shops too, right?  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/3/video-muslim-bakers-points-double-standard-gay-wed/
yes, I think that the baker who is sole owner, has the right to say that he will not decorate the cake the way that they want.  This is true for when KKK, NAZIs, Muslims, Christians, Disabled, White, Pink, Red, Blue, etc. Heck, even a Zombi.  I will not be using this baker because I disagree with what he is doing.  Look, the constitution gives us rights and freedoms. And a big part of that is the right to be jerks.
Jeremy Christian is not the only anti-Muslim ranter that police need to be worried about ...............
Muslims...driving the wedge into the log, one stroke at a time.
You know the first Muslim MP was a Conservative? You know there is a Conservative Muslim MP who was elected in the last election? Your ignorance is embarrassing.
Islamophobia is consequence of hypocrisy of Muslim leaders and journalist like Sheema Khan. Islam is against abortion (or killing unborn babies in last month of pregnancy). Islam is pro-life. Islam stands towards gays, lesbians and gay marriage is completely opposite of what Liberals and communists of NDP stand for. Islam is very conservative while Islam leaders of Canada associate themselves with leftist and liberals. The latest know very well what Islam stands for but they need votes. This is why they want Muslims as "allies". Otherwise they fear the stand of Islam towards life, gay marriage etc and reject Islam. Of course conservatives will not support Muslims as they are on the other side of the fence therefore, Muslims they have no real friends in right or left. If Muslim leaders try to associate themselves with those who in most part agree with them (in abortion, traditional family values etc) they will have more real allies and solve Islamo-phobia issues. Until then good luck.
That link didn't undermine anything I've said.  You were asking for an example of intolerance, I gave you one.     Its you who is trying to label people as intolerant, I'm very tolerant, just not of intolerant cultures and that angers you.      You're one of those individuals when the conversation on this subject doesn't go your way you immediately label people as "reactionaries and bigots ".   It shows a lack of thought on  your part and rather remedial thinking.   Now you silly little boy, did you take my advice about consulting with  Canadian Muslim reformist Raheel Raza, maybe you'll listen to her. Become informed on the subject you so vehemently and passionately support, don't let political correctness get in the way.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSPvnFDDQHk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2KsvcJ4Myw  I doubt you even took the time to look at the URL's, that would fit your profile.   I bet you think the Canadian Muslim reformist Raheel Raza is a bigot too... and she's Muslim!
Trump's response:  Look, birds LOVE me. People always ask me what I think about birds. I have the best birds. We look at the polls and I'm winning all the birds. Okay? And that's good, that's to be expected. But listen I love birds. I'm a friend of the birds, always we've been friends.  You know what birds I hate? Chinese birds. And Muslim birds. And Mexican birds. We're going to build a birdcage for all of those birds. It's going to be a beautiful birdcage. And I'm going to make the birds pay for it. The beauty of me, and this is important. It's great. I can talk like a bird. You know, squawk. I'm very good at squawking. The best.  And someone very smart, almost as smart as me, said it is better to live one day as a hawk than 100 years as a pigeon.  https://goo.gl/ukziMk
Bloody death and extermination are to Islam what charity and forgiveness are to Christianity.   It is the core of the religions.
good GOD A man owns  a business  and not allowed to run it as he sees fit  - these MUSLIMS tried this in seattle  put down prayer- rugs  at Burlington-Northern rail yard  - BN-stopped this stupid ordeal on the spot .
Let's focus solely on Iran. Iraq is getting back in the game. There is a realignment with the gulf states. That spells real bad news for Iran. You should know and this is all the time I need to worry about Muslim terror outside of this country. We are becoming more nativist after an appalling experiment. This come from the top.
We don't need gun control, We need MUSLIM CONTROL. This story gets repeated daily. Muslims immigrate to the United States and bring their RADICAL IDEOLOGY with them. Their children grow up thinking Americans are all heathans. Eventually Youth and Ideology form the perfect union to begin killing innocents in the name of Allah. Now boys think they are Martyrs and they are going to be rewarded with 72 Virgins......blah......blah.....blah...........I am with TRUMP. Ban ISLAM IMMIGRATION!
Labelling CNN as "fake news" from a guy who's peddled in spreading lies for years is a bit rich, don't you think?   (Trump:  "Obama wasn't born in America and I will prove it....";  "Obama's a Muslim";  "thousands of Muslims cheered in Jersey on 9-11";  "I didn't mock a reporter's disability". etc. etc.)   Karma's a %$#$%.
This bigoted left wing Islamophobia should not be tolerated in Justins Canada.  Liberal racism is disgusting.
If there is a God, then yes, that God is wicked for condemning those people.  However, since there is no evidence of this God's existence, it is you people trying to justify your wicked bigotry.  Am I getting across how detestable you bigots are?  You hate coloreds, you hate Muslims, you hate gays; and you want to punish and humiliate them simply for being.  If there was a real God, you would be a stench in His nostrils.
He was running for President of Indonesia.  A lot of white Christians wanted Obama's head too. For being a Muslim African with a fake American citizenship.
Let  refugees from Islamic wars in Islamic countries by Islamic war lords, who try to kill other  Muslims flee to Islamic  countries.   There is lots of room in Saudi Arabia, Dubai, Kuwait, Morocco, Qartar, UAE to house, cloth,  feed and tend to their  millions of  fellow Muslims in need.  Why head west where they constantly complain that everything is all wrong, when  proper help is so close at hand?  Like really? Why head to Europe or America if you can't stand us?
People in Quebec don't want Muslim immigration... this is how they lash out against it.
I guess another thing, all 19 hijackers on 9/11 were middle eastern looking muslims, so why do white children and a 90 year old Japanese lady get frisked in her wheel chair? Why does a kid with a knife given to him by his grand dad who fought on the braches of Normandy have to surrender that knife in order to go on holiday? You see, it's the lack of common sense at TSA which reflects the madness in Washington that drives us mad. You are essentially ignorance 'boots on the ground'.
Ridiculous comment. Coptic Christians are the original population of Egypt---pre-Arab and pre-Muslim----and have no connection with European imperialism post 1500.  And their history of being violently suppressed goes back a long way.  So, for example, back in the 8th and 9th century, when they were still the majority in Egypt, there were many revolts by the Copts against their Arab conquerors that were brutally suppressed. Discriminatory taxation was one of the causes.  (The Coptic Church hierarchy, which was granted a position of privilege by their Arab overlords, sometimes aided the suppression. ) History is written by the conquerors, and it doesn't much matter whether the conqueror is a 19th century European or an 8th century Arab.
And I, among many others, am furious that the media isn't calling these would-be killers "terrorists" just because they' aren't Muslim. They keep referring to them as 'militia' which gives them an aura of respectability and patriotism for a lot of sad, sad, deluded people. They ARE terrorists and they should be referred to as such!
Rail money from feds? meh. The 1.5 billion of 10 billion total cost is peanuts. Captain Kirk can't even come up with a plan for them so they can release it anyway. The billion dollar boondoggle is a separate issue than the Executive Order, unless that is, we are going to ban Muslims from riding the train.
Muslim have been killing infidels since 624AD and they will not stop
Boyle's story stinks to high heaven.  The guy is either willfully deceitful or jaw dropping stupid. Only a complete village idiot would take his wife pregnant in her third trimester to a country with Third World health care. Apparently he wanted to embed himself into the Taliban as a wartime free lance journalist - another Edward Murrow of WW2 fame.  The fact that he was married to Omar Khadr's sister should be enough to assume he converted to Islam which is why he was kept alive for five years and no financial ransom was asked .  I feel sorry for his kids - unless their American grandparents intervene they will suffer a miserable life at the hands of two of the stupidest parents in Canada.  I would not believe a single word that comes out of this guy's mouth.
Canadians are about to lose their Right to Free Speech as parliament gets set to vote for,  Liberal MP Iqra Khalid’s M-103 bill!  This bill will criminalize all criticism of islam and sharia law and force Canadians to accept sharia law limits on everything!  Criticize islam for killing homosexuals?                  Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for female genital mutilation?        Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for allowing men to beat women? Sorry that is now hate speech! Criticize islam for honor killings?                             Sorry that is now hate speech!  Want to maintain your Freedom of Speech Rights, then contact your local MP and tell them they are totally wrong forcing sharia law on Canadians!
http://www.bullshitexposed.com/scandinavian-socialism-debunked/  https://fee.org/articles/the-myth-of-scandinavian-socialism/  Yes, Scandanavia has moved closer to capitalism.  See the above links. Their current problem is immigration policy, allowing in vicious muslim men who are eager to rape and pillage.  Hee. Tough to have your entire world view wrecked.
Nothing to do about the Palestinians just as the West is doing nothing about Muslim terrorism like ISIS, other than to keep them in check and from engaging in terrorist activity against Israel and in ISIS' case Europe and North America. Palestinian terrorism against Israel is no different than Muslim terrorism against the US and Europe. ISIS is claiming that the West should get out of  Muslim and Arab countries and stop exploiting them and stealing their resources. Palestinians claims against Israel are exactly the same. ISIS wants to establish a world wide caliphate. Palestinians want to establish a state from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea. Their goals and objectives are exactly the same. If the world believes that Israel deserves to be terrorized because of its behaviour towards the Palestinians, then the same rationale applies to Germany and France and European countries for their behaviours and activities in Muslim countries over the years.
Yes, it is groping tape, Muslim ban, McCain not war hero, illegal rapist immigrants, Obama founder of ISIS, Hillary nasty woman..........  What more?
When Trump announces organized genocide against all Muslims, you can give him a pass then , as well.  Did you "give him a pass " after he provoked his followers to kill Clinton and any judges she will appoint, too ? After all, he was just joking.  In fact, her Secret Service even paid his campaign a visit, they thought the " joke"  was flippin' HYSTERICAL.
I'm not. Ive paid up for a 2 week holiday in Maui for me, my wife and 2 kids....and I dont plan to delay or cancel any other US trips either as I have friends in Bellingham, Seattle, DC and NYC. The USA is a lot more than just the presidency. Meanwhile the question is, is it ok for the US to ban Muslims temporarily because millions of them - while not Jihadists (although thousands are) - are Islamists and/or support Islamist goals of establishing Sharia Law everywhere...including throwing gays off building tops, establishing that a woman's testimony in court is worth only 1/2 a man's, codifying blasphemy as a criminal act....need I continue?
I guess if a post contains the word 'Muslim' or 'Islam' - it gets deleted.  Who needs M103 ...
The cheek of the woman, well your Canadians MP's have let the woman push thru her first step. There will be more to come, it won't stop now, Muslims are on their way to running Canada. Its amazing that Canadian MP's can be so so stupid, passing special laws for a Religion that states people "not of that Religion" should be put to death. You need to read the Koran. The Quran contains at least 109 verses that call Muslims to war with nonbelievers for the sake of Islamic rule. Some are quite graphic, with commands to chop off heads and fingers and kill infidels wherever they may be hiding. Muslims who do not join the fight are called 'hypocrites' and warned that Allah will send them to Hell if they do not join the slaughter.
The issue is the ability to distinguish between those who will join the vast majority of immigrants as productive members of society and those that harbour malice intentions.  One of the ways of distinguishing between the two is to rely on background checks.  In countries without functioning governments or those that support terrorists, that becomes extremely difficult.   While Trump wasn't mentioned directly, he did not state a permanent ban on immigrants from the 6 counties, but a temporary ban as doing the background checks are problematic  and he wanted more assurances that the checks are reliable (one of the saner things he said).  Note, that regardless of what the knee-jerk leftist say, this is not a ban on Muslims.
You're a Muslim?  Try criticizing your religion for hating gay people.  How about that?  Maybe instead of try to focus on criticizing the good Canadians that support your (like you totally did with this column), why don't you spend some energy focusing on how this march would NEVER be allowed in any Islamic country in the world.  I can assure you that no loves would matter then.  It's a disgrace that police were barred from this event.  The BMLTO group could learn a lot from Nelson Mandela.  He would have NEVER acted like them.
I'm not surprised. Is he even gay? I mean, we have to take his word for it. And does he have a Jewish grandmother, or is that fiction?  He is so full of hate for women, gays, Jews, Muslims, liberals, blacks, and others, that it didn't make sense that he claimed to be gay and part-Jewish. Now, pedophile makes sense.   The alt-Right often confuse pedophilia with homosexuality when they are, in fact, unrelated. Was Milo abused at 13? That would make sense. But then he should be in therapy and not lashing out.  Then again, that's the cycle of abuse. The abused becomes the abuser. Milo thinks he's being strong by spewing hatred of women, gays, Jews, Muslims, blacks and others. He's just compensating for his own lack of self-worth.
John Kerry has always been an incompetent fool. He let his daughter marry a Muslim, then brokered the sweetheart anti-American nuclear deal for Iran, effectively treason. He never did anything good for the country, and was branded an incompetent coward even in Viet Nam. He was a perfect moron's puppet as Sec of State, and should be left in disgrace. His opinion is never needed.
Look forward my friend, it's now the muslims that are coming. Pay attention to what THEY do to newly marginalized conquered "indigenous " people..
The rise in anti-islamic sentiment is a reflection of the rise of radical islam within the Islamic community.   People see that dozens of young Canadian muslims are going to Syria to join ISIS.   They see massive "no go zones" in European countries and a rise of home grown attacks there.   Then you have the audacity to call the resulting backlash again Islam immigration a phobia?          The best way for Canadian Muslims to combat Islamophobia is to moderate Islam in Canada and drive out hate filled Imans, and change some of the  anti-Woman/ sit at the back mosques that Premier Wynne likes to go to.  To paraphrase the Liberal Dutch PM Rutte, "Act normal".    Most muslims are moderate and fantastic Canadians.  It is time for them to take out the trash and fix up their own communities.
Once again our 45th President has been proven correct and our slack water, back water, Democrat Party saturated banana republic of Hawaii WRONG in opposing his sensible controls on immigration.  Not until some are hip deep in the blood spilled by MUSLIM TERRORISTS will they BEGIN to acknowledge the need for secure borders , ejection of foreign aliens and the EXTREME vetting of those from Islamic countries seeking entry.  The good news, from this perspective at least, is that MUSLIM TERRORISTS see us as a weak bunch of pansy degenerates and are thus DETERMINED to slaughter us retail and wholesale.
I don't believe Saudia Arabia, UAE or Bahrain allows many Muslim immigrants into their country. These are the richest of the gulf states so why aren't all these immigrants sent to these countries? Think about it. These countries for sure don't allow immigrants from Yemen, Somalia, Syria-all the countries Trump is trying to stop travel from. When KSM, the planner of the 9-11 attack was being interrogated, he said that the only way they could beat us would be to infiltrate and populate our cities, take advantage of our own laws to subjugate and kill us. This was repeated by a Muslim immigrant in Sweden. He said that a Muslim man will bring his eight wives, sire many children and eventually the Muslims will outnumber the Swedes. They are playing the long game. This is already happening in many European countries. If we let this happen to us, we are bigger fools than bsdetection.
stealing my line about radical islamic terrorism? lol  btw your statement is grossly innacurate.   the correct verbage would be: not all MUSLIM are terrorists, but all terrorists are MUSLIM.   another good one you can modify/use for your liking: Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Wow... what a stupid response. The challenge was to find examples of Christians committing the same amount of attacks as Muslims, you mainly posted about white people.. not only is your comment far reaching but also slightly racist against white people. For example- you pointed to Sandy Hook. Was he white- yes. Christian? No... that is equivalent to me saying that a black man shooting someone is a Muslim attack. And shall we compare death tolls to your examples vs the daily attacks in the name of Islam? While I was writing this post, several people were probably murdered in the name of Islam for offenses such as apostasy or homosexuality. Do yourself a favor and start paying attention to the REAL concern of Islamic terrorism. Also, read the Quran a bit.. then study the history of Muhammed, a man who beheaded many, many people and also married a 6 year old girl. Then ask yourself why you are defending this religion.
Erdogan is a maniac. He is conducting studies into ancient books and manuscripts to find if Arabic / Muslims sailors sailed to the western hemisphere before Columbus. Constantinople was the repository for most of the ancient libraries with maps.  If so, he can then clam   the entire western hemisphere including America and Canada are theirs to take back for the Islamic Caliphate. He wants proof we interlope on their land.
Complete fantasy. Just like giving them jobs, so says Obama, will cure terror. Non Muslims convert or die, is their theme, PERIOD.
The writer did not mention illegal immigration. If you are referring to the writer's characterization of Trump as a racist, there are more factors here than his over-the-top approach to that problem; specifically, his completely reprehensible proposal to ban Muslims from entering the country. Maybe "racist" isn't the best word; I prefer "xenophobic".
You can always go on twitter to join the drooling anti-muslim brigade howling for blood.
"Since the incident, Daulatzai has received hate mail and violent threats"  Well, even if she wasn't treated poorly by the airline for being a woman, Muslim and having brown skin, she's sure been treated poorly for them now.  Way to go America!  You cringe at nothing.
Muslim terrorist.
Islam is a hierarchy of submission; The world must submit  to Allah (Islam) All Muslims must submit to  Allah and the Prophet Mohammad  (shahada)  Men must submit to their Imam A wife must submit to her husband Children must submit to their parents.  A female must submit to all males. ( a mother must obey her own son)  Human laws are not to be obeyed unless there is a benefit for Islam to do so.   If a father tells his 16 year old daughter to marry a 55 year old taxi driver with another wife, she is in no position say refuse . That would violate the honour of her family.
You do realize that Iran and Russia are allies, right?.... and that ISIS is Sunni muslim and one of its top goals is to eradicate Shia muslims (which the ruling group in Iran)? ISIS and Iran are sworn enemies.   Educate yourself!
Poor Paul....  Always acting the factually challenged CONservative whore.  There were a few hundred effected by the Muslim Ban who were in flight or about to be. Over the course of the entire "temporary" Muslim Ban there were 80,000 visas that would cancelled. So, it's not a "the White House says" versus "the WP says." It's a BS comparison by Poor Paul.   There is no "problem" to fix. If Dumb Dumb Donald wants to have more vetting, fine. But the vetting to date has been very good. There isn't any reason, outside of politics, to stop the system. Dumb Dumb can get his "extreme" vetting going and apply it in realtime.   Poor Paul....
"Active shooter on OSU campus!" blared the initial reports.    But the narrative fell apart.  Witness the liberal angst when they found out it was actually a Muslim refugee with a vehicle and a knife?  And that a good guy with a gun saved the day?
Armed to the teeth American goons, sorry `officials` can question, strip search and prevent me from changing my mind and simply walking away from preclearnace  for the privilege of visiting their fare (sic) country?  Yeah.  No.   And I`m not even Muslim.
Nothing wrong with being anti-Muslim.
Not wanting sharia law creeping into Canada and replacing Canadian law is not hatred!  That is the big lie being pushed by islam and their leftie minions!
Wow.  Coopting the Holocaust in order to demonize Muslim immigrants?  You don't see the contradiction?
RangerMC, Yup, Geert Wilders is a scourge on humanity.  Unfortunately, it appears that Trump may be channeling him.  Wilders, described as anti-Muslim, has pledged to ban Muslim immigration to the Netherlands.  Trump has pledged to do the same for the US.  Wilder, talking about Moroccan immigrants said, "Not all are scum, but there is a lot of Moroccan scum..."  Trump called Mexican immigrants "rapists" and "criminals" before saying that "some are good people."  Trump is the American Geert Wilders, and that's why Doug Chin is taking action against his racist immigration policies.  You ask when there will be a positive story about the Trump administration.  The answer is when the Trump administration does something positive.
"There was no immediate claim of responsibility, however, some supporters of the Islamic State militant group celebrated the attack on social media."  You will never have peace and on this earth as long as the death cult of Islam exists. Regions dominated by Islam are the most miserable, violent and repressive places on earth (i.e., Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Iran, Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, Gaza, Egypt Yemen, ..... etc .....). Muslims don't know how to build and create - only destroy and kill in the name of their intolerant, hateful and violent ideology  - truly the enemy of a civil and peaceful society.
No. Some had French and Belgium citizenship and two were Iraqis, who entered France wth te flow of refugees. All had fought in Syria.  It doesn't matter to me if they are first or second generation, they are being raised in Muslim ghettos and being brainwashed.
The history of Muslim countries is one of violence, torture and war long before there was any bombings on them.
So every Friday in every mosque the imams pray for the killing of all Jews and infidels.  But we must show solidarity with muslims?  Welcome to the left wing twilight zone!
Why ? I'm sure Muslim men would be just as butthurt as you white brodudes.
If this is correct it would not surprise me in the least. Just consider all the lobbyists alone. All white, clueless, narcissistic, Millennials who worshiped our former closet-Muslim, racist, pervert, president Obama. These idiots do not have a clue, nor care about the rest of hard working Americans.
The fact that you frame disagreement as "some people don't like Muslims" is ignorant.  Kudos for avoiding that idiotic term "islamophobia" though!
What? What gun control, that is the point, there is no control, I could fly to Chicago and buy a gun tomorrow. So total access to firearms works? If that is the case we should be the safest nation in the world right? I have a better chance of being killed by another American than I do by any Terrorist, Muslim or otherwise.
Please tell me this isn't the work of a Muslim,  I'll be shocked if it is.
These were people who were harassing the Muslim Ban protesters outside the Portland airport.  They are led by a man called Grant Chisholm, who is dubbed the "hipster Fred Phelps."  He is a quite ugly and awful man.   Frankly, he and his buddies should be in jail.  Going into a church during Mass and screaming at the congregation is disturbing the peace.
Actually the article says it was a sophisticated call made to look like it came from within the building, similar to the 13 other calls to Jewish centers on Monday....in other words it was a form of terrorism against Jews across our Nation on Monday....could be white anti-Semites or just as likely, Muslim terrorists.
Removing the Lords Prayer and Oh Canada in schools, but allowing Muslim prayer spaces in public schools is an afront to  many, I would not be so arrogant and alarmist to say 'attack' on us all.  And carrying on like a cemetery being refused for re-zoning is an attack on any one, is simply ridiculous.
Yet numerous Saudi Arabian billionaires and multi-millionaires fly under the radar as they are simultaneously the primary force behind the surreptitious export of their extreme fundamentalist Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam around the world. This is the form of Sunni Islam that motivates and drives the ISIS caliphate itself. From Saudi Arabia, it comes is in the form of literature, books, school teaching and study aids, video, audio tapes, etc. used in Muslim mosques and children's schools attached to mosques, which propagate pure anti-Jewish, anti-Gay and anti-Christian hatred.
No, no, no!    Haven't you been keeping up?  Trump is now confirming that man-made climate change is a fact.  It's being caused by radical Islamic terrorists.
Sure I do.  My wife, daughter, son-in-law, son and in-laws are all (or were, wife is retired) hard working, taxpaying, law abiding black folks.  And I've been around them all for nearly half a century.  Once again, ASSUME just makes an @$$ of U, not ME.  And when you can report to me that ALL white folks behave as responsible citizens, come talk to me.  You exemplify the New Testament's definition of hypocrisy--expecting better behavior from others than you expect from yourself.  And five'll getcha ten I know personally at least two orders of magnitude more Muslims than do you, and am therefore far better qualified to speak on their views than you.  All you do is watch TV and visit anti-Muslim hate-site for propaganda.  And again, don't presume to try and teach me my faith.  I know far more about it than you do.  You'll just continue to make yourself look stupid.  One would think you'd be tired of that by now.  I'm sure tired of your stupidity.
What happens when a lesbian goes into a Muslim barbershop and demands a butch haircut?  Whose "freedom" wins out?
Behind their shallow, multicultural facade, the Trudeau Liberals are and have always been a party of white privilege.  They don't care about Muslim refugees, only about taxing hard-working newcomers to support their permissive and dissolute lifestyle.        ❧   ❧   ❧   ❧   ❧  Canadians felt safe under Conservative Prime Minister Stephen J. Harper, a devout Christian who extended a warm-hearted acceptance to people of all faiths. He lived modestly at the historic PM's 24 Sussex residence.  While coming from a family of Roman Catholics, the playboy Justin Trudeau abandoned his faith to become an unbeliever,--and pose as a pro-abortionist for radical socialist votes. After hiring nannies at taxpayer expense, this former snowboard instructor embarked on extravagant renovations at 24 Sussex, whose cost soon ballooned to $10 million, and now $23 million.  Canadian newcomers don't feel secure under Trudeau, a permissive free-spending fool with no appreciation of their dawn-to-dusk hard work.
Christian, Jew and Muslims are always fighting. Canada should have no part in it or them.
This is ridiculous, hiding Hilary behind her sex. I will attack anyone who has done what Trump did (which I didn't need to because he got chewed out earlier), and I will attack Hillary for what she has done. I don't care if they are a girl, Muslim, black, Christian, Mexican, gay, or anything in-between; I will never withhold criticism of actions. I was pointing out the hypocrisy of the statement Trump is bad role model so we should elect Hilary. I believe Hillary is worse, you can disagree and that's ok. But both are terrible role models, and her being a woman doesn't change that.
Taxes pay for teachers to take Christian holidays off completely.  How is accommodating Muslims during break time on Fridays worse than this?
Funny how a single loon killing Muslims speaks for all of Canada, but a large group of Jihadis slaughtering Westerners don't speak for Islam.
The article mentions that the bomb was placed on the side of the church used by women.  Mighty brave of these Islamic terrorists to target Christian women. Mighty brave of them.
In the real world bankers commit fraud in New York and London and get away with it. Witness  2008. No banker went to jail but that was "results" and performance for the bankers,  but not so much for everyone else. It highlights the massive corruption in the western banking system. So maybe some noble principles and intentions would be refreshing from cynical,smarmy,  conservatives lecturing others on how to think and how to live.   By the way Point three is false. You can tell who is noble and just  by watching them and holding them to account when their actions give the lie to their words. Harpers gang of morons took actions that were ignoble and unjust. That is why people hated him so much. It was unjust to prorogue parliament. It was ignoble to suggest special laws for Muslims.   It was stupid to cut science budgets rather than invest in the future. It is unjust that we don't have enough judges to have trials in a timely fashion. It was stupid to get rid of the long form census etc
Well as I remember the guy who blew up the federal building in Oklahoma was from Montana?  Regardless, I would guess that it is more likely to be killed by a good ole American Terrorist than by an evil Muslim.  I consider all the gun nuts in America who shot up preschools and movie theaters to be terrorists whether they be Muslim or not.
It is not Islamophobia Its a deep and logical distrust of the Muslim religion because we have the damn good right to be suspicious of a religion that kills innocent people, kills women, kills children, then subjugates billions to an orthodoxy of hate Muslim surrender their freedom to a god that doesn't exist.  That ain't racism you Marxist dog Its common sense!!
No different from those attacking Muslims.  Same people, same hatred.  These people are not "freedom fighters" or free speech saviours, they are hateful slime.  I wonder if the Cons are upset that Spicey called for antisemites to stop their hate.  Isn't that giving Jews special preference?
Ridiculous. My, how the right loves to drag out the "hypocrisy" charge at every opportunity. First, the "left" was silent because refugees were not a partisan issue until Trump made it one. Second, even if your citation from an obscure, right wing Aussie gas bag is accurate, the decision by immigration authorities to stop processing visas from one country while it discretely investigated a potential problem is entirely different than an executive order from the President violating the Constitution by banning Muslims from seven countries from entering the U.S.
Let's not forget Muslims who are hurt by Sunni /Shia anger, hatred, intolerance and violence. Sunnis just killed 88 Muslim Sufis in Pakistan.
Everyone should seek the truth.  It doesn't always lead to a nice place, though. Muslims, like any group of people, are a real mixed bag. Some are great, some are jerks.  That being said, having problems with Islam as a philosophy, and as a way of life is not unreasonable. There are many aspects of it I find highly objectionable.   To assume that Classical Liberal Western Culture, and Islamic Culture are equal and interchangeable is an error in logic. Likewise, to decry everyone who has doubts about importing tens of thousands of people from another, and very different culture as simpleton xenophobes is also an error in logic.  In this instance, truth may both soothe tensions, as well as aggravate concerns.
Many Muslims claim their religion does not advocate violence and praises diversity! Isn't it about time that we saw a large group of Muslims start a "reformed" Muslim religion that eliminates the passages of the Quoran that relate to violence against the "infidels" and advocates the equality of men and women.A religion that enshrines 13th century dogma that is questionable today, is not suitable for the 21st century!
Except with Islam where women are treated like property and beat and stoned and whatever.
Let's see, there were Muslim Conservative candidates in the last election, one of the top cabinet ministers from the Harper government is gay, and Harper increased immigration throughout his term as Prime Minister, in addition to a generous refugee program - you are embarrassing yourself and only highlight the shameless ignorance of the token anti-Conservative blowhard. When you wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats shouting "Harper!" - it's called HDS and you should seek professional help.
Once again the hypocrisy and feigned indignation along with dollops of munchausen.  Where were your principles when Obama was killing thousands of Muslims including innocent children with his drone strikes.  Where were you when Obama invaded Libya and chose to remove Assad , causing in the process this endless terrorist war in Syria that has flooded Europe with refugees.  Suffer on narcissist.  We see thru your crocodile tears..
Oh you must be right.. that's why their called CSIS??? for Christian state of Iraq? or is it BSIS? for buddhist state of Iraq? hang on, it's ISIS... ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ  Shocked by the blatent stupidity and lack of common sense here guys... please.
Hey Nicholas Kristol why don't you worry about you high priced Taxes in your stupid State, and quit kissing Obama's rear-end like you people have for the pass 8 yrs. It was you people that caused this mess when you put Black Muslim Barrack Hussein Obama  from Kenya for President, so stay out of Alaska business. Go President Trump you are doing a good job. You Democrats cause way to much trouble in our Country. Like duh Nancy Pee Brain & Chuckie Shoemaker.
Not once, not at any time has any Muslim acknowledged that harm has been done by Muslims for Islam, for the Koran, for Allah or for Mohammad for their faith. . They will make all sorts of accusations  about all sort of hatred they must endure from  western leaders  and nations,  but not once has a Muslim admitted  Islam is the inspiration or root of  the terrorism  that is the  scourge of the world.  That is what everybody in the west,  in Europe,  in America are waiting to hear.
1. Muslims should not be stereotyped by the behaviour of a few, or by the behaviour of the outrageous. But the government initiative and some Muslims are stereotyping Canadians because of the tragic murderous actions of a demented deranged individual.   2.  Muslims debate these issues themselves - Shia vs Sunni perspective, secular vs theocratic perspectives,  ...  This oped has a perspective that non-muslims are criticized for https://www.thestar.com/opinion/commentary/2017/02/17/muslim-majority-needs-to-become-more-vocal.html
Ige, Chin and Watson. You three are an embarrassment to the state of Hawaii.  Opposing the travel ban without any substantial facts makes this TRO stink of political grandstanding. You three partisan stooges accomplished nothing but create more animosity between American citizens with opposing political views. The travel ban will not hurt our tourism, it will not affect our ability to recruit professionals and it is NOT A MUSLIM BAN !!!  Your hate for the President has clouded your judgement and now Hawaii will pay the price of federal funds possibly being cut off.  The american  public who support the travel ban , which appears to be close to half the population may not want to come Hawaii because of this. Worst of all is Hawaii could be turned into one of those European countries that have unvetted refugees that have caused crime, chaos and terrorist acts in their country.  You dummies have only succeeded in making Hawaii less safe, less appealing and have less support from the Feds
Most Islamic bombers come from close knit and pious families with both parents, and close ties to a mosque.
Tell that to the Islamists who pray five times a day.  Tell that to the sex fiends who are teaching Grade 3 students homosexuality and gender identity  What kind of men and boys will these students be to women when they have no "SELF CONTROL".
Trump's tweets aren't dangerou. Muslims with bombs and knives, and their legions of sycophantic  apologists  are dangerous.
Over the last 1200 years,  millions and millions of Muslims have been killed by members of the various Muslim sects and groups.
That is isn't a Muslim ban or that Muslim countries don't allow Israeli citizens to enter.  I've heard both arguments from the Trumpkins.
When Obama invites Muslims to America, he's inviting homophobia, assault guns and domestic violence.
Someone wrote that the same people arguing that these girls should have to more effectively cover their midsections are the same people arguing that it is ok for young girls to have to put on a hijab.  I dunno.   In the first place, the hijab argument does not fit with the ten year old girl. Pre-pubescent girls are not required to cover their hair in most Muslim traditions.  But in the second place, is there really no difference between, on the one hand, seeing a seventeen year old with hair reaching from her forehead to her shoulders, and, on the other hand, seeing a seventeen year old's backside who is wearing thong undies under thin sheer leggings?  I have a sneaking suspicion that, if you did a poll of all Canadian mothers, more would be comfortable with seated middle-aged men admiring their teen daughter's hair than with seated middle-aged men admiring their teen daughter's thong-and-legging veneered backsides.  Does that mean all those moms are just sexist and narrow-minded?
Your build your argument with fallacious logic and manipulative rhetoric.      More Americans have been terrorized bombed and murder by white Christian extremists  since 9/11  than by  Muslim extremists.    What about all those Christian Militia compounds in ID, MT, TX and other states around the nation?     What about those religious and polygamist compounds of the FLDS church  which range from Canada to Mexico from UT to ND.  MT to TX. ?      You can use all the glittering generalities, intangible nouns, and emotion triggering words you want.   You can use your passive aggressive  innuendoes to spark suspicions and fear.    But as you see they don't work well when your spun dumb propagandist rhetoric.
OODA Loop is not a firearm concept per se.  Observe; Orient; Decide; Act.  Repeat.    We all do that every day; drive your car down the street and someone runs a red light at you.   Observe; Orient; Decide; Act.     A firearm may or may not be a 'solution'; it may not be available.  Flying in this country, visiting another country;  firearms are not an option.    The US tourists in France killed by their Muslim fanatics are just as dead as the ones killed in Orlando, Florida by our Muslim fanatic.  If something like that happens, all you can do is all you can do.
vey sad situation and what does it prove??  No one will change their lifestyle. There will be more animosity  shown to Muslims in Germany. It is particularly offensive that terrorists choose this time of year to promote their genocide and hatred for Christians
No,  doubting is fine, like I said. Denigrating, lying about, and calling the President every name in the book, isn't. Whereas Obama is doubted by many, he was never called names by any, even though patriots thought of many. You guys keep harping about him grabbing women back when he was in show biz. Where sleeping your way to the top, and the casting couch was what it was.  You might not know it but Muslims have been killing each other for a thousand years because each other sees the other as an infidel, worthy only of death. Now they are targeting Europe, who gave them refuge. Now they are targeting us as well. You probably don't even know what  Taqiyya is.  But if Hillary had won, we would be in serious trouble. The millions of unveiled immigrants would be infiltrated by as much as 10- 20%. We're talking hundreds of thousands fundamentalist Muslims who want to get to paradise and be rewarded with 100 virgins.But lets say only 1000 got thru & killed 5 apiece. Is that acceptable?
Trump's  main negative is his seemingly on-going, ill-considered comments.  I hope he can get a grip on that. But his positives are: 1. he is nationalistic -proU.S., 2. he will build the wall 3. he will restrict muslim immigration & muslim influence in general 4. he will demand that other countries pay for U.S. military protection 5. he will get tuff with foreign aid to countries that oppose us 6. he will make trade deals that favor US employment and trade balances 7. he does not participate in PC. 8. he will end Obamacare 9 he terrifies both Dem & Rep. establishments, both of which have become corrupt. 10. he will see that B.O. & his gang of muslim/socialist miscreants are investigated -prosecuted if such is warranted.There are more positives with this American. So, I'm for TRUMP, he clearly trumps the rest.
Me today ! I was a Catholic until I read the Popes comments re Muslim refugees while he blindly refuses to acknowledge mass genocide of Christians by Muslims just like Vatican ignored holocaust  This fat pedophile McElroy is a disgrace
Fascinating juxtaposition by the G&M social engineering team this morning.  One certain hate crime article, where the murderous attacker is Muslim and the victim is not a Muslim is closed for commenting this morning.   Another possible hate crime article, where the murderous attacker is not Muslim and the victim is Muslim is open for commenting this morning.  Let's please remember, that despite the G&M's efforts, the victim here is NOT Islam, and it is most certainly NOT the Muslim community.  The victim is a beautiful and intelligent young lady, with a happy, productive and successful life ahead of her, and her family left behind to struggle with unimaginable grief.   These are the victims of this brutal crime.
Islam is a laugh riot. Nothing makes me chuckle more than totalitarian supremacists lecturing on about how to combat 'hate'.
My condolences to the family. Muslims may be skeptical about "road rage" but nobody is skeptical that an illegal alien from south of the border killed this poor girl. Because Mexico and Central America sure seem to produce more than their share of violent criminals.
but, but, but...  he is a good Catholic!  he and Cardinal Burke are good friends and agree about the evil Muslims!      https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/europe/vatican-steve-bannon-pope-francis.html
I agree with you as long as I do not know that you are Muslim or Christian, or Jew...  Keep your religion  inside your house.
Anthony "The Ant" Weiner and most probably Waldo Clinton's chance at POTUS taken down by a white trash gal from North Carolina.  Ha Ha Ha Ha!  It doesn't get any better than that folks.  Time to revisit Waldo's use of a private server and forwarding e-mails to a very unprotected laptop shared by The Ant and his lovely Muslim Brotherhood wife Huma.  Lock 'em all up!
freeheels,,,,,  It's the racism,mass murders by radical muslims,welfare to able body persons,etc, etc,,  where do you live,in a vacuum??
The Muslim Brotherhood is a regressive scourge. Everywhere Islamists take root is followed by societal regression. Just look at the Islamist AKP in Turkey. A secular military government  is better than an Islamist regime.
Where can I read about that? I have not seen anything about that. Why does it matter? If you are a social justice warrior, you can go to a Muslim bakery and ask for a gay wedding cake.  Sexual orientation is a protected class in Colorado. There are other states that may fit your political views better.
I'm dressing up as a black, LGBT Muslim in a burqa.
Oh so you agree with me, that not ALL terrorists are Muslims.  It took a while for you to come around, but thanks.
I guess the centuries of female transgressions do not exist... for Denise, its ... what are you talking about?   straight white men are the evil ones....  women are without fault in this. When progressives operate, its whatever convenient lies will work. Take the Muslim student council female who made hateful remarks about white people. Now the progressive professors and students are claiming that when Dalhousie intends to hold her accountable that free speech is threatened. What a laugh... if a white person had said those same things about blacks, asians, muslims, native indians, GLBTQ people.... there would be a human rights trial and firing, dismissal, shaming and new stricter rules and laws. LYING HYPOCRITES... all of the progressives. Hateful and racist themselves.
What does the author recommend as a solution?  That we in the West convert to Islam?  But gee .... Sunni or Shia?  (By all accounts, they do a pretty good job of slaughtering each other, even more than they do the infidels.)  Perhaps we should all just stay home and hide under the bed?  o_x
Warbirds is right. I am having a hoot watching all the kaos!   I have heard a lot of Muslims and 3rd worlders be quite arrogant about their rights and think that the West owes them. Well guess what? Comeuppance time you lot!
If he had been Muslim, Mexican, Puerto Rican, or black POTUS would be frothing at the mouth & tweeting uncontrollably.
No, The Rebel is really, really, really, bad.  As I said above, before I saw your comment, it's like a parody of the National Enquirer, only they take themselves seriously.  You can't seriously call it "critical analysis" when The Rebel's more memorable moments include calling Trudeau senior a "slut", or lying about Muslim students being given a pass from Remembrance Day ceremonies in schools, or Ezra's fantastically lunatic rant about how Gypsies are evil.  The Rebel doesn't do "critical analysis"  They just scream. As for the "rough and tumble" of politics, don't we keep hoping for a more civil discourse?  And hasn't The Rebel learnt that sexist references are simply unacceptable in all walks of life?  And McKenna was quite right in speaking up for girls who might want to enter politics or, for that matter, STEM fields.
As an atheist  I respect the right of people to practice whatever absurd religion that they choose, to express their beliefs, to assemble with others at religious service and to be free to change those beliefs at any time.  Religious customs , traditions and practices are another matter altogether, in particular  when they impact non believers .  Facial covering such as the Niqab is not a requirement of Islam , it originated in certain pre Islamic Arabian cultures, imported from a region of  Saudi Arabia calked Nadj...it is worn by a small minority of Muslims....it is banned in countries such as Chad, Cameroons, Niger, Congo Brazzaville, Turkey, Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Egypt...Morroco recently banned burquas for security reasons for obvious reasons.  It is naive to believe that the wearing of facial coverings cannot be abused...they have been and will be...there is nothing " civilzed" about them.
Why was it the right thing to do?  Can you be specific?  I doubt it.  This is just more republican bull.  Republicans do not offfer anything but be afraid, be very afraiid as those nasty Muslims are coming to rape your women.  Pretty pathetic.
The law needs to be repealed, what a ridiculous, sadly typical load of hooey.   And if there is no room for Christmas in Schools, there is no room for Muslim prayers.....we are a country founded on the Christian faith, not a Muslim country.
We need to talk about Islamo-fascism, sharia law and Islamic terrorism.
the first comment of your post is simple don't rent trucks to Muslims. gun violence is more complicated.
No, all religions don't practice slavery.  Buddhism doesn't.  Taoism doesn't.  Hinduism doesn't.  Americans need to realize there's a huge world out there, and it doesn't revolve solely around America.  The garbage middle east religions (Judaism, Christianity, Islam) are the ones that condone slavery, condemn sex, and have violent gods.  Not everyone practice that garbage.
We accommodate Mennonites and Hutterites  in Western Canada. Public school Teachers have to go to the colonies to teach. Mennonite men will not serve in the Canadian military even if drafted due to their religious beliefs. What message does that send to society?  Violent Christians such as Timothy McVeigh bomb government buildings in the US killing children, and Christian activists threaten and occasionally do shoot doctors performing abortions. No apologies from the Christian community for these nut bars... Zionist settler extremists in Israel assassinated Yitzak Rabine for pursuing peace on the West Bank.  Point is Islam is certainly not the only Abrahamic religion with violent and extreme members who twist faith into something awful.   It would seem to an outside observer that the "guise of religious freedom" in Canada  is somehow only to be applied to accommodate Christians and Jews and not others.
his charity is all about PR, legacy and vanity.  just like any other royal anywhere.  Muslim royals are among the worst of all.  Thousands of children die every day in their countries, while they galavant and feed their egos.  Karim Khali Allah's family gets is power from having bowed to the british occupier in the 1870's.  True charity is ANONYMOUS.  These buffoons are fame-seeking narcissistic elitists.
“Muslims are being targeted now not only in Canada but across Western liberal democracies” No wonder. using facts it is the most disruptive and non-integrating religion in the world and has no relation to ours in terms of values… most of these so called refugees are not. They are migrants who will not stand and fight for their own country… they have an inbred distain for western civilization through that religion and will want their own laws and will disregard ours…and it’s for this reason why TRUMP said HOLD and why at least 50% of Canadians in a recent poll agreed with him. Think about it…These migrant children we are so happy to let in will grow into unemployable discontented youth with a dangerous value system we will not be able to assimilate into our society. go look at UK and parts of Europe.. and don’t think it won’t happen here…. No sanctuary cities please …. how stupid to think Canada is different.
"A Muslim might refuse to something for a patron because of the fact that alcohol is served..." Actually, that is exactly the sort of thing that will be allowed to occur if the baker wins this case.  "...then what about if you owned a bakery and a white supremacist was holding a gathering for other white supremacists and ordered a cake for the gathering, you would be required to fulfill his request. How would you feel about that?" If they wanted a run-of-the-mill birthday cake, then yes, I would provide that item.  If they wanted a cake decorated that said "kill all the filthy Jews", then I would explain that I find that objectionable, but would be willing to sell them the cake and the materials with which to decorate the cake.  I'd side with the baker if the latter was the situation (the couple wanted the cake decorated in a manner that the baker found objectionable).  If the couple went in and wanted #17 from the wedding cake catalog, then what the baker did was discrimination.
Patience, Brother. Homophobia must defer to Islamophobia, which itself must bide its time due to the fact that Black lives matter more than yours...Jack Layton was wrong. Politics are more powerful than love, and only marginally more powerful than hate, which Trumps love each and every time.
How racist to mention this man is a Muslim.
Mel   ....    I am all for freedom of religion and agree these young Muslims should be able to come together for their expression of faith.    What pisses me off is, you think it's a value to be tolerant, except when it comes to white, heterosexual men.
Look at the can of worms we opened up in Iraq.  People were saying how ruthless and evil Hussein was, and that he was "killing his own people".  Uh, first, the guy had the various factions for the most part under control.  Yep, he killed Kurds, about something like 13,000.  We killed over 200,000, and the place is out of control.  It should be pretty simple to see that only when there are harsh Muslim dictators is there any stability.    We barely even know what we need.  It can definitely be argued we don't have our own country under control in this open environment.  How can we go fix anyone else that we don't even understand?
If not for Islamic violence and corrosive antisocial hatred of Europeans, the EU would still be intact.
So, this article is about a guy who converts to a religion within minutes of being exposed to it. He never read the books, he never went to a mosque, he never spoke to an Imam. This man is not an example of good decision making. This was the best example of a white guy converting to Islam they could find?
The only white guy that I despise is the Chump. He is sick, vile and disgusting. He is dividing our country. My comments are merely pointing out the fact that a white male opened fire on an audience at a country western music concert. In all of the news reports that I have watched. I haven't seen a Black,Muslim, or Asian. Only Whites and Latinos. Thos why do you think the gunman chose that specific event to accomplish his unimaginable massacre.
If these demonstrators are opposed to Sharia law, they should be protesting a President whose first foreign trip was to Saudi Arabia, which is the world's greatest funder of extremist Islam —Wahabism. If they knew anything about how the Saudis have spent 100s of billions of $ spreading Wahabism and how they continue to spend their fortune to radicalize moderate Muslim communities around the world, they would have been outraged at Trump doing the Sharia Shuffle Sword Dance and being played for a fool by the Saudis.
Got you.  If he's white and/or Christian he's just a disturbed individual who went off the rails.  If he's Muslim he's a terrorist.
A courageous man, in and out of the ring. When few would speak out, he risked his life's work to correctly point out the misguidedness of the Vietnam War. Certainly, he joined a Muslim religion, but this must be looked at in context of the black struggle of its day. I'm amazed at the conservatives who hate him for his belonging to a group seeking rights for its minority members, and doing so in a forceful way, yet these same white folks have no problem in strongly supporting idiots like the Malheur vigilantes whose only goal is to personally profit from land that belongs to all of us.
Because of Muslims, airport security requires you to take off your shoes,  belts,  cell phones watches,  dispose of your toiletries and go  through metal detectors.  Yet, Muslims and Liberals  say Muslims  have nothing to do with it.
Better he survived to deprive him of his vestal virgins in Islamic heaven.  Let rot in the calaboose!
You forgot to mention that Obama is a gay, Muslim who is married to a man and was born in Kenya where the Chinese hoax of global warming was created by members of the Bilderberg Group. Whew.... Oh! And WTC #5 was a controlled explosion! And, Grassy Knoll!!!!
the thing Mr Trump 'Donald Duck ' Trump is using the Muslim as a crock to keep the other parties at bay but he has now crossed the line and need to be put in his place fast or the United States will lose business from most other countries,  the thing is he is focusing on the wrong group and he and his party the republican will feel the backlash sooner then later if he keep on pushing the Muslim ban from 7 countries there are more broader group then than that involved in ISIS there are white kids from rich countries like Great Britain   United States and of course Russia and black and hispanic kids from spain and of course from India and China also from Australia and Africa and last but not least from New Zealand, Filipina too,  all kids are radicalized by imams in those region and countries to fight the evil Americans his ban is a little narrow in scope and is going to heart the United States over the long hall.
"The arc of xenophobic terror – whether “inspired” by the Islamic State or white supremacists – has recently increased in frequency and breadth. Within the past month alone, Flint, Portland, suburban Virginia, London, Manchester, Brussels and Paris have all witnessed acts of violence intended to maim, kill and sow division."  I applaud Khan for acknowledging that James Hodgkins, the Virginia shooter, is a terrorist, something others have been hesitant to do.
Check out Fox news now. The new Muslim mayor of London wants to ban from public display pictures of women in bathing suits. Read it ladies this is just the start he has many suggestions for women. Point is terrorist attacks are only one of the tactics available.
When Muslim kill Muslim is it Islamophobia or what?
Many many many have become muslims through violence.  We hear it all the time from immigrants:  "They were told, convert or die".  That's how .  Muhammad conducted his campaign through blood sheds, whatever you call it.  If a muslim leaves the religion or EVEN WANT TO LEAVE the religion, s/he is killed, threatened, harassed. Many people are hiding because of threats. by muslims  I dont know of any other religion that has followers so INSANELY crazy.
Totally agree.  He is pathetic.  He won't release his tax returns as they OBVIOUSLY contain information which will not show him in good stead, he has denigrated a war hero because he was captured, he stiffed his contractors, he desperately wants to get in bed with Putin, hasn't paid taxes in 10 years, he is a pussy grabbing misogynist, does not like blacks, latinos, muslims, people with disabilities, LGTBI and other minorities, stacked his cabinet with zealots, cronies, billionaires and people who have never had any experience running government, mercilessly criticizes and even threaten anyone who disagrees with him, he is a climate change denier, he did not win the popular vote, he lies with impunity, eg, denied Obama was a US citizen. But, he is now the president, so we will dutifully allow him to strip medical insurance from millions, build that wall, reinstate stop and frisk, reduce taxes for the elite, build infrastructure, just to name a few, but where's the money coming from.
Simple;  Canadians want and need politically correct content .  They particularly need and want content that show white men as backwards selfish stupid louts and women ,  coloured people and muslims as surperior human beings..  if you keep the focus on this approach as you have been doing people will continue to love canadian content
Agreed.  The All Muslims Are Bad and the ISIS is Islam monolithic myths must be extinguished.
Dear G&M, please get a "journalist" who is impartial to this subject. Getting a muslim to write this article is no different than getting a racist to write an article on right-wing propaganda. Bottom line this "bill", as they call it, is just another form of silencing the masses, more than we already are. The hate laws that are already instilled in this country, which are good enough for us, should be good enough for them. If they ACTUALLY want to call themselves Canadians then they would have no trouble abiding by the laws already in place, like the rest of us. They certainly deserve NO SPECIAL TREATMENT just because of who, or what, they are. There's nothing special about them - PERIOD. No more "special" treatment. You CHOSE to come to this country. No one forced you to. Abide by the laws already in place. You don't come here to change, or amend, OUR LAWS to your benefit. Either you become Canadians & you inherit our Western way of life, or leave.
The article should have replaced the word "rebel" by "Islamic terrorists".
No it would not be a Kurd. A Kurd would attack a police station or a military base.  What is so concerning is that a segment of the believers are willing to kill non Muslims for symbolic theological reasons. It's not personal, it's just what god wants, according to this magical book that is the very speech of God. Our preachers tell us so.
George bush invoked religion before going on to murder over a million Muslims....so clearly he is winning in the race....
Stupid, non story of another lame person who needs an imaginary friend.  We need Islam in this country as much as we need other all other religions - NOT AT All.
When will the Britts and the rest of Europe figure out that unless they get rid of all their Muslims they will be living in an Islamic State by 2050?
Why is this a surprise?  The UN is run by Islamist's who's only goal is too demonize Israel.  They never have, nor will they ever criticize other Muslims.   It time for everyone to wake up and finally see and admit the truth.
Let's build a theme park on Temple Mount. It will create jobs. Who cares about what jews and muslims think.
Muslim fanatical beliefs must be eliminated if we are to have even a modicum of peace in the world. The clearly proven depravity of muslim beliefs need to be eradicated not encouraged and endorsed especially in Canada.   Did you know that at Toronto International Airport there is a MUSLIMS ONLY prayer chapel replete with dirty feet washing machines....yet ZERO CHRISTIAN or JEWISH Chapels are permitted....whats up with that? Did you know that Peel Region Schools must now accommodate muslim prayer times in a special location but NO OTHER RELIGIOUS prayer is permitted.....what's up with that B.S?  This is not the Canada I once knew and loved.  Breeding like rabbits mulsims will overtake populations in many Countries and spread their vileness and hatred of traditional normalcy.  Time for the 2018 CRUSADES to begin worldwide to rid the world of these fanatical maniacs that super stupid lefty gov't support.. THERE IS no other way. Trump is right on this point if not on anything else!
I think your wrong on that one. Muslim Brotherhood BLM, and Antifa are far from right wing and are the main abusers.
why doesnt the globe publish muslim converts to another religion. Seriously folks, enough of this gabage shoved down our throats.  Even it up.
Let's be clear.  Trump won by engaging in racial hatred and xenophobia. His campaign wasn't about "jobs;" it was about white identity politics and telling people that their lives would be better if we just got rid of the Mexicans and Muslims.  I haven't heard Trump laser-focused on "jobs;" he has spending all his time and energy focused on things like keep five-year-old Iranian boys and Iraqi grandmas out of the country.  And the jobs aren't coming back for a whole host of reasons, especially automation.   Trump is lying about this but hey at least he made sure that those Muslims can't come into the country.  (And the Muslim ban is despicable and any Trumpkin who voted for that has to explain to me why it isn't outright bigotry.)
Hillary will support the Muslim enemy. Sharia law is incompatible with a free society. If you desire that for your children, vote for Hillary.
And who are you - an old white guy, I'm absolutely sure - to tell any woman what she should or shouldn't protest? I doubt you actually care about Muslim women but use this as a convenient way to express your anti-feminism.
Muslims killing Muslims but the entire political and media structure of Canada can not deal with it. . Islam and Muslims that must change their ways, change their religious and cultural intolerance  but that will never happen. Even before the  blood has cooled, non Muslims are being scolded for being racists and Islamophobic  despite having nothing to do with it,
Well let's wake up and smell the roses. Let's see most terrorist attacks are Muslim based. We need to get things for now under control and then we can open up the ban. I know there are a lot of Muslim or wannabee Muslims that are here and just waiting for the right moment. It's just the way it is these days. And all you protesters whether it be Muslims or otherwise if you can't handle it then go back to your birth Country. America needs to break out of it's stagnant mode. We used to be great. Now we have so many homeless, jobless and drug addicts living across the Country. One of the reasons is we give billions of dollars to corrupt Countries. We can't even save ourselves. So everyone just CHILL until we have a better America that we can safely call home.  The World is crap right now. Fatso in N. Korea ready to push the nuke button and all the other nuts running their Country.
"There were 257 reports of assaults, attacks on mosques and other hate crimes against Muslims last year, a jump of about 67 percent over 2014."  Last year, 2015? So it was Obama's fault because it was on his watch!
I was born Catholic, left for 8 years in my 20's and came back begrudgingly although Mary would have it no other way.  Explored almost all the main stream protestant faiths and had to humbly embrace the Church as it was most in tune to the Bible.  That was 21 years ago.  I teach Catechism, I prepare those preparing for Confirmation and am very active in a Catholic school for 20 years.  SO I am very Catholic, and Pope Ratzinger is my guy.  Francis has great teachings on helping the poor and servitude, but he has lost it.  He has become a Puppet for the globalist and the global warming folks.  "WHom am I to judge a gay priest.",  Divorced Catholics who remarry can recieve Holy Communion, and all the global warming nonsense is getting ridiculous.  His latest statement saying their are no Muslim Terrorist was just the nail in the coffin for this Politician.  Did not work the last time our Popes decided to be political.  Praying for a new Pope every day
Oh yes. I remember how, starting the day of inauguration, Obama made daily headlines threatening and angering all of our allies, immediately issued often illegal EO after EO targeting Muslims, increasing interest rates on middle income Americans, dismantling healthcare and assorted other stupidity, appointed known racists and neo Nazis to his cabinet - along with others with the avowed goal of destroying our government structure -  colluded with Russia to get elected and for business deals, including eppointing an oily, Rex Tillerson, who has been pursuing business w/Russia for years, but was stopped by sanctions that were, oddly, lifted via EO by Trump in his first month in office, and my favorite, lying every single day, multiple times a day about every thing, in tweets, memos, press conferences and so on.  Yes, one can hardly tell the difference between a real President - President Obama - and that clown you voted for.
Islamaphobia? islamaphobia?what about Chritianaphobia?Hinduphobia?Jewsphobia?Bhudistsphobia?Sikhsphobia? Its a very well known fact that muslims do Mock & Prosecute all non muslim religions and non-muslims communities all around the world.Many people including our Politicians are ignorant about this islamic Fanatics . All religions and commutes should be protected by the Bill #m103 (which is to be passed in the Canadian Parliament Today) not only one particular community and religion. Patriotics Of Canada please Help to stop this Catastrophe now before its too late . Help us.
What a mor0nic post. The U.S. military members based in Saudi Arabia are also "fighting for Muslims".  The U.S. military members in Iraq are "fighting for Muslims". U.S. military members protecting America in general are also "fighting for Muslims", as there are many Muslim Americans throughout our country.
It's only terrorism when a Muslim does it.
Haven't heard from the IRA in a good 30 years,  but boy we better watch out for those Basque terrorists lol! I'm not sure your point. In case you don't realize Islam is not a race so yes there are lots of white terrorists among the Muslims too. Maybe that's the answer right there. The left is so afraid of being called racist they can't see radical Islam for what it is because they think Islam is a race
I am guessing that Pence and his boss don't like Hawaii after the local federal judge blocked their Muslim ban. The lei represents everything about Hawaii and Pence didn't want to keep it longer than he had to. Just a way to show his contempt for the Hawaiians.
LOL so a hardcore catholic believer says we banned muslim cemeteries. Not even close to the case BUT if we get rid of divisive religious nonsense then hallelujah. The catholic church received 600 million dollars in last budget for 'immigration services" one 500 million and another 100 million chunk. Look it up. They are greedy pigs helping corporations reduce our quality of life while attempting to force a more violently enforced abrahamic religion on to us. For a peak at immigration reality in Canada: http://vancouversun.com/opinion/columnists/douglas-todd-why-canadians-need-to-debate-immigration-economics  The man who wrote this column in the G&M is the enemy of all Canadians and North Americans. His words and actions are clear. He is a traitor, loyal to a foreign religious head, not us.
reading the article I assume he is ignoring the actual real news..you know the various islamic terrorist attacks carried out by islamic immigrants living in France. WTF is he smoking to see Le Pen as the threat? give your heads a shake..youve lived in politically correct denial so long you actually ignore real events but then like the 1930's many saw Churchill as the threat as Hitler and his thugs ran rampant across Germany. ISIS,  Iran and Islamic radical terrorism are real. From attacks at rock clubs, to soccer stadiums to running down tourists..its real..this article is misdirection and pure PC socialist drivel. So focused on maintaining the socialist stranglehold on Europe, the sleazy PC crowd ignores actual dangers because it might mean they lose political power. Insane, petty fools who are getting more and more people killed with each passing day. Wake up before its too late.
Every Muslim headscarf you see states "I am not one with you. I reject your culture and your people. I expect you to accept me, but I do not accept you."  Why do only the Muslim women wear these clothing that show separation? Why not the Muslim men?  This is the same story in every country that has Muslims. They do not integrate. The women are inferior, their clothing keeps them in place. They multiple at an extreme rate, most marry their first cousins, resulting in real problems with their children.  May Geert Wilders succeed.
So what was that again ? We are not supposed to fear Islam? Islamaphobia, I think they call it in Canada.
Make no mistake----I and many others [eating breakfast at the university's cafeteria watching TV with about 45 others] WE SAW and HEARD President Trump call it, "Muslim ban".  Right from his mouth!!!! Kamala Harris REPEATED what he said.  I don't go on the Democratic talking points---don't have the time.  But I'd like to include here what one gentleman wrote who posted his ideas in our local city's newspaper Public Opinion page.  He stated "With the current mix of power and paranoia in the White House, patriotic Americans cannot simply sit and watch a "bloviating ignoramus," as conservative columnist George Will called Trump, make our democratic republic the laughingstock of the world."
Abortion is a legitimate moral issue. But when the fetus is inside the mother it is her moral issue. Religious anti-abortionists symbolically wish to establish moral relevance…while ignoring greater evils…even encouraging them. For instance, America’s bombing of  Muslims is cheered by bible fans because it will somehow hasten their messiah’s appearance and cause biblical prophecies to manifest. Same regarding Israel’s brutish treatment of Palestinians…it’s “biblical.” The notion that some god will actually do anything over this issue has no basis in reality…and violates the constitutional restriction against purely religious ideas in governance. The religious right colludes politically with the greedy corporate rich…because they know that’s where the real power lies. The corporate rich don‘t particularly care about restricting abortion rights because they can get safe abortions by simply flying in medical teams…or flying patients to a medically safe destination.
Really enjoyed watching this, thanks for the link. She does not represent all Canadians, like she thinks she does. I am Canadian born and raised and I find this government deplorable. I wish she would moved to a Muslim country and stay there and  never step foot in Canada again.
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia and anti-Semitism, Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, democraceaophobia, iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are the cause of all the civil wars and bloody genocide going on across the Muslin world. It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
Absolutely and just like some dolt criticizing black people or Muslims she should be held to account as the racist she is......it is clear she is one.....      If I stated "Black Fragility" in the same context or similar I would rightfully be held to account.
Yeah, I would "abhor" him too if he called me out on not paying my fair share in NATO, my allowance of Muslim terrorists into my country, attacked my Leftist social policies, and told me to leave the failed experiment known as the EU, as Britain is about to.  Except Trump IS the United States, and no one important cares that Italy thinks he's a "meanie."
Where Islam goes, blood flows.
What hysterical rubbish!  While its true that the Islamic world has a real problem with extremism your comment proves that we also have our share of idiots.  Has it ever occurred to you that most Muslims do not want to take over the world, but simply want to live in peace just like the rest of mankind?  The problem with most Muslim countries is that they are plagued by authoritarian governments who are inept and corrupt.  The ruling clique wants to hold onto power forever.  Needless to say, if we in Canada (or North America) lived in such an oppressive system we too would rebel against the status quo.  Islamic extremism is merely a vehicle to channel that discontent.  Countries that treat their citizens fairly, no matter what their religious affiliations will not experience problems.   So your thesis has more to do with white trash bigotry and paranoia than anything else.
I was accusing you of hating on Muslims, not Trump.  In a discussion about visitors committing terrorist acts on US soil, you pointed to a variety of atrocities carried out by people with Muslim sounding names.  I pointed out that the two I checked were both American born.  The only reason you had them there was the sound of their names.  That is hating on Muslims; it certainly isn't an argument for the EO travel ban.
It's not what M-103 says...it's the mentality behind it. Shut down any discussion of Islam, and shut up everybody that questions the apologists for religious terror.
I wonder why Merkel's advisors didn't warn her about Islamic mindset.  Or may be she was too egoistic or eccentric (like Hitler), to brush aside all resistance.  The whole refugee mess is her own creation, and she will be remembered as a vile figure in German history, if Germany can ever recover from the treason committed by her.
"One heavily Muslim school in Toronto faced tough questions a few years back because menstruating girls weren’t allowed to take part in the prayer service.There have been concerns about sexism... what kind of Islam is being preached." ~ ` ~ No Kidding. What pure primitive nonsense.. the female reproductive process is no-one's business, especially that of 'supernatural power-mongers'.  That may have worked in centuries past when missing females during prayer service alerted males to those females who were ready to be impregnated after cultural customary marriage rituals; adding to the male's pack of  multiple wives from same said culture..  . . And for the 'bigoted wunderkinds of the Planet' -- the perspective of this writer has nothing to do with "Islamophobia" & everything to do with being from the enlightened North American "Modern Western Civilization" & believing in 'Personal Freedom of Mind.  . . . Humans playing Stupid Power-Monger Head-Games -- using  'supernatural excuses'.  /.
I do not like any of the dark groups, BLM is a good example . They are a racist group who are demanding black people take power by beating on white people . Africans as a group are murdering their own people . That is what dark people do with power. No need to explain what goes on where large groups of Muslims gather.
About as much sense as allowing Muslim immigrants into the country surrounded by their enemies.
waste of time to listen to her bs just like her hubby muslim BHO.  How can you say something like that?????  Have you no shame????
Sounds reasonable....anti Muslim bigotry, anti Christian bigotry, anti Buddhist bigotry, anti Jewish bigotry....anti-belief system bigotry.
I have to agree with local media here. Neither of those statements are racist whatsoever . But the fact he twisted it and played the racist card is pretty much expected. Minority’s have all the power . They can be racist by calling white peple racist and it’s okay. But muslims are the biggest racist around .  Just look around the world. Muslims are at war everywhere over race and religion. Everywhere. So for a Muslim to play the racist card. Would only work in Canada. Pathetic
And was the Oklahoma bombing, which was our worst albeit I neglected to mention it as killing 168 people, including little children, also wasn't the work of Muslim terrorists, but of our own homespun crazies.
Bill Mahar made her look like a idiot when he and his other guests talked about Islam. Watch it on You Tube it is really funny how she tries to talk over everyone .
John, basically your claim is that Catholics are homophobic, that orthodox Jews are homophobic, and that Muslims are homophobic.  That seems to support a couple of conclusions: you're intolerant, you're a heterophobe.
Fred you are than Islamoprobic who hate Islam and moslim. Islam is than peaceful religion. Terrorist arenot moslim.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? ... To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. .. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
I was going to say blame it on Trump (sarcastically)..... But someone in the comments already has.....!! Yes, hate crimes against Muslims in 2015 calendar year..... I would say that some people wrongly associate the Muslim faith with all the atrocious things the Radical Muslims (or who claim to be Muslims, depending on who you listen to) do worldwide......
Muslims attacking muslims. Sounds about right.
We don't 'respect' Orthodox Jews OR Amish (or Muslims, for that matter). We respect their RIGHT to be as ridiculous as they want to be in their private lives. There are no Hasidim or Amish in American politics and precious few observant Muslims. If there were, they would not get a pass for asserting their 'morals' in the course of their public duties, and neither should Pence or any of his ilk.
Probably when it becomes a radical christian extremist event. 1 nut job does making empty threats not quite measure up to the millions of nutjobs killing people all over the globe. The radical Muslims are murdering people in dozens of nations aroung the world. Anyone with any intellectual honesty would not try and draw a comparison here.
United Nations speech Sep 25 2012  "Ignoring evidence in recent days the attack in Benghazi that killed Stevens was an al-Qaida-coordinated attack, Obama apologized, after returning to the discredited narrative that the violence was in response to outrage from a “disgusting” 14-minute movie trailer that offended Islam. “I have made it clear that the United States government had nothing to do with this video, and I believe its message must be rejected by all who respect our common humanity,” Obama told the opening session of the U.N. General Assembly. “It is an insult not only to Muslims, but to America as well – for as the city outside these walls makes clear, we are a country that has welcomed people of every race .  Never?  Here are a few:  1. Apology to Europe: Speech in Strasbourg, France, April 3. "there have been times where America has shown arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive.”  2.  Apology for the War on Terror: Speech in Washington, D.C., May 21.
They are Wolves in Sheeps clothing. Have the seen the Jesse Waters piece interviewing Muslims in America as to Sharia? Most want to have Sharia, you ask yourself why they came to America? and it's obvious they are laying the groundwork for the future to change America and the Liberals/Democrats are in kahoots with them. Ask yourself why these Liberals/Democrats spew hate against Conservative speakers on school campuses, ask yourself why these Liberals demonstrate against the anti-Sharia protests, etc. . I can only surmise 2 scenarios of the Liberals/Democrats anti Christians ways and it's either they are in kahoots with Muslims/Islamist and that includes the Islamist Fanatic Terrorists or they are plain "air headed". They stand up for a cause just to prove a point without regard to how America is today. They are spoiled brats brought up in the good ole US of A and are so blind in their sheltered minds what Muslim/Islam is all about.
"Religious extremism," are you serious?!  Judaism, Islam, and many Christian denominations,including but not limited to Roman Catholicism and the Orthodox Churches, reject homosexuality.
Make sure you don't make it the headline story. Bury the story of another Islamist terrorist attack asap in this newspaper.  Appalling.
wow  can we apply that litmus test to muslims that kill in the name of their religion?  seems to me you just solved the worlds problems!!!
"Investigators worked through the night to determine what led a truck driver to plow down people on a riverfront bike path near the World Trade Center, brandishing air guns and yelling “God is great” in Arabic"  Gee, it is POSSIBLE that his actions had SOMETHING to do with his membership in the death cult called islam.....
No half the country does not agree with stella.  Also, her talking smack about liberals, and the young is a really great way to build those bridges and stop the angry rhetoric right? I mean she only starts the conversation belittling those on the other side.   Also, it is the liberals fault for what happened under Obama? We formed tea partys and wanted to block everything the communist/muslim/kenyan/black/socalist/dictator/idiot Obama did right? We created that atmosphere?  I am sick to death of the right wing attempting to pin their negative attitude of the last 8 years on the left. The only reason they are doing this is a severe case of buyers remorse with Trump. Trump is doing exactly what he said he would and now they are realizing how badly it will affect them, but they can't attribute blame to their ignorance of his policies. They whine about how everyone so mean and how Trump is so awesome, even when present evidence to the contrary.
The sad thing is only muslims are terrorists.  A white guy who walks into a Walmart and kills 3 people isn't a terrorist just another blue light special.  Except for the terrorized people we have today as a result of shootings in schools, movie theaters, malls, at work, at a night club, concerts.  Selfish white boys with their selfish toys.  The 2nd amendment is deadly.  Since 911 more us men murdered their exes than soldiers have died in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I want the White House and Congress and State Houses and courts across the nation all open carry.  Stop hiding NRA supporters behind metal detectors or do only politicians lives matter?
This Grunt Corpsman is both outraged and nearly heartbroken that the noble concept of "Semper Fidelis", which is to me an essentially Islamic concept to which I aspire for the remainder of my life, would be so violated by one tasked to adhere to it and teach others to do so.  A force priding itself in its discipline, camaraderie and professionalism that allows such violations to go unpunished to the FULLEST extent--as in murder charges against the DI in question--is blindly cutting its own throat in terms of battle-readiness and fitness.  To that DI: "Lannatullahi alaykum alf mura'at"--may God curse you a thousand times.
I disagree, in the world today, Islam ESPECIALLY has it in for homosexuality,  so there's no doubt that his religion did play a role. Had he been non-religious, or of another religion it's very possible this attack would never have occurred.
Jewish people - and those of all religions other than Islam - definitely accept criticism of their religion.  They don't like it but they don't threaten, riot and kill others because of it. The only double-standard is yours, towards Islam.  BTW, the laws of some European countries that prohibit false claims about the Holocaust?  Those laws were enacted by governments of non-Jewish populations, filled with non-Jewish legislators, who were presumably disgusted with their predecessors' acts of complicity in the Holocaust.
He is the quintessential muslim male, he rules the roost and she is just the baggage who obeys his every word. I suppose we never will but it would be most interesting to get her side of the story. Finally why is it that the media are fawning over this piece of trash who is obviously very sympathetic to the cause of Islam.
Islam is synonymous with homophobia.   They also treat their women like camel dung. Why are you coddling and protecting Islam?  http://pjmedia.com/homeland-security/2016/06/12/orlando-night-club-attack-by-known-wolf-terrorist-previously-investigated-by-fbi/
Darn it!  Why, I have an idea for you, go find a few muslims to befriend, perhaps they can extol you about the wonders of islam....
The title says "In aftermath of Berlin Christmas market attack, Germany’s resilience tested".   That wasn't the first attack on innocent civilians by a follower of Islam in Germany. Millions of Muslims have swarmed into Germany and Muslims have attacked Germans before.  And,  in other European countries like Netherlands, Belgium, France. etc.,  there have been more attacks than ever by Muslims. It seems the more Muslims the greater the possibility of threats or attacks on innocent,  civilian non believers.  People in Europe are nervous. Security is high and police are everywhere. What a way to live.  By the way, what is it that inspires, incites and leads some Muslims to threaten or to try to attack or to attack, maim and kill innocent, civilian non believers.?  Where do some Muslims get the idea they must attack, maim and kill innocent, civilian non believers.?
Yes, there is no question that modern Muslim advances in the sciences have been suppressed and ignored by the racist Nobel committee.  To set the record straight I am including an exhaustive list of those breakthroughs below:
I am sure they are going to come out in droves.  You can't be gay and be conservative.  You can't be gay and be weary of so-called multiculturalism.  You can't be gay and have any opinion that doesn't parrot what some liberal mouthpiece is blabbering.  It is time for gays (and women) to say, Islam is a religion that hates us.
Sexual predator?  Yet to be proved. Against which race has he advocated hatred exactly? He has clearly expressed concern about Muslim immigration but has limited that to those from certain war torn nations or state sponsors of terrorism.  Losing the popular vote but winning the electoral college?  That is never going to change, so get used to it happening - so long as the nation is divided in the proportion it now is.
The Klan thinks Donald Trump is a racist?  Who cares what the Klan thinks, other than bigoted Trump haters?    Hillary Clinton won't use the term "radical Islam" because it "sounds like we are declaring war against a religion."  Hillary Clinton could permanently resettle close to one million Muslim migrants during the first term of her presidency alone, according to the latest available data from the Department of Homeland Security.  With no screening.   Islam teaches that a woman is worth less than a man and that homosexuals deserve the death penalty.  Apparently, that isn't a problem for Jeff and Hillary.  The Klan is Junior Varsity.  ISIL is a major league enemy.
Are Christian students allowed to attend their religion's prayer meetings at state schools in Muslim states? Probably not. Yet, Muslims demand their children get special treatment in our public schools, Now, that chutzpah.
As a muslim women she is comfortable with her association to a religion that has a bloody history (as they all do, religions) and a system where human rights violations continue to modern day (stoning of women comes to mind). We can't associate any of that with her because #notallmuslims. Let's talk about literal race  (whiteness) instead?? And let's lump all the white people into a single group, which is okay because they happen to be a majority in Canada so you can't be racist against the whites because there are a lot of them (logic).  As a Canadian women, there is nowhere else in the world that I would feel more secure and free. Is she completely unaware of the apparent dissonance in her beliefs. Celebrating Canada day is about celebrating 150 years of progress- for me is about celebrating the fact that women have equal rights, which sadly is not the scenario for many women around the world sadly.
Don't forget the Armenia holocaust of 1 million Christians and that six million number has been officially revised by the Holocaust authorities themselves.  Let's talk about the Jihad against Indians shall we, Koenard Elst in Negationism in India gives an estimate of 80 million Hindus killed in the total jihad against India and let's not forget why the Crusades happened! It was because of 400 years of islamic barbarism,  Can we forget how Mohammed thanked the Jews who helped him in Medina? He killed them, chopped off their heads.  Some prophet, killing God's chosen and those Nazi's weren't Christians! It is also estimated that Over 110 Million Blacks were killed by Islam.  So Christians can hardly be considered the biggest mass murderers, it isn't any surprise who really are the biggest mass murderers in history, estimated at a whopping  250 million and that is muslims.
Well now see, that's where you're wrong Allan. That check box DOES indicate where your tax dollars are allocated. Obviously you don't know as much as you think you do. Public schools were DENIED ANY FORM OF RELIGION within their walls, and yet, Muslims, and the likes of you think it's perfectly fine to allow 'them' a prayer room within those same walls....THE ONES THAT SAID RELIGION HAS NO PLACE IN A PUBLIC SCHOOL....tad bit hypocritical don't you think?
Zero americans have been killed by immigrants from those 7 countries.  Thousands have been killed by Saudis, yet trump's list does not include saudi arabia.  Trump is blocking these countries because they have refugees looking for a new home, and he doesnt want muslims at all in the US.  It has NOTHING to do with safety and security, and EVERYTHING to do with anti-muslim bigotry.
Klastri, Muslim ban?  Why do you make up such stuff?  Where in the EO does is religion mentioned?
You stated: "But as Trump inspired hate-speech, xenophobia, bias crimes, and violence toward women, the bishops remained mum." Trump did not use "hate speech" nor did he "inspire" xenophobia, bias-crimes or violence toward women.   Expressing a legitimate opinion on    the  problems surrounding immigration is not "anti-immigration". What does "anti-immigration" mean? Nothing. The ban regarding certain countries with Muslim majorities are not "anti-Muslim". Again what does that mean? Trump is not anti-Muslim, he could care less about the purely religious beliefs of the people from the 6 countries covered by the ban. His ban is based on a prudential decision reflecting valid national security concerns. He is responsible for the safety of the American people and when some insane Muslim terrorist kills a member of your family who are you going to blame, not some Judge in Hawaii, no you will blame Trump.   So there is nothing for the Bishops to say on these matters.
On the Perry news this morning the FBI investigation in NY said also they were watching this person a couple of years ago they gave up because when you watch these Muslims they turn around and say you are profiling me or discriminating against me, and so they go to klastri friends the ACLU and complain there being harassed which of course is not true, no harassment and so the feds. hands are tied and this is what happens.  Also the wife of this terrorist always wears a burka when they do not need to because your in America and you have the same rights as your husband and when the husband does not allow his wife to go uncovered or have the same rights as him, the husband is also close to becoming a Muslim terrorist that's who we should watch along with there Mosque.
They are Muslims.  Trump sees them as people with no worth.
Misogyny exists everywhere, including in Canada.  However, unlike Canada, Muslim states have elected female leaders at least seven times, including Benazir Bhutto (twice), Sheikh Hasina and Khalida Zia.  Your fear is irrational because of your ignorance.  Just because you don't want to learn about the topic doesn't entitle you to declare that your ignorant condemnation is not irrational.
"No homosexuals in the Muslim-majority region."  Unbelievable ignorance.
8 years of hearing the right complain about Obama not using the words "Radical Islamic Terrorism", so yeah, he needs to call them out specifically, or it is just another case of the hypocrisy you guys have shown about Trump vs Obama.
a little off topic but....  Black lives matter should spend some time in areas of chicago (where police officers will not go), count the bodies, then protest after dark.  Do you really think israel needs another muslim country on its border?
A hopeless state! Same old tragedy, over and over. It's their guns that are doing most of the damages, not Muslim immigrants.   Idiots elected a morally corrupt party and president.
Saunders  offers the phrases : "(terms that, in Mr. Higgins’s ideological circles, generally refer to Jews and Muslims)."  and   "moral and professional strength" .  The self righteous arrogant Trump hating self identifying "progressives" always get around to the centrality of their narrative. To wit that they are "professional"(read intelligent) and "moral" vs. those who oppose them who by extension are "ill-informed"(read stupid) and immoral. And of course racist and xenophobic. That this is always the case demonstrates the vacuity of their own moral position and depth of argument.
Holy Crap Rabbi!!  Read the damn Qur'an yourself. Sharia Law  for Muslim's is akin to the 10 Commandments for the Jews.  Infidels are worthy only of death. Guess what? YOU are an infidel.  Learn about Taqiiyya. It is the Muslims moral authority to lie to infidels if it furthers their cause.  World domination by Muslims is the point.  Fortunately there are two different factions: Sunni and Shiite. And, get a load of this, each think the other infidels.  Thats why there has been no peace in the middle east since about 700AD. Taqiyya also teaches its followers, if in a foreign country, to adopts its ways and means and obey the law of that given country.  But once they outnumber you, well it's Katie bar the door.
The fears of a man, with ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, is laughable
when will this loser go away and take the muslim with you.
"Note that every western country which has been attacked by Muslims had previously attacked Muslims."  Those crazy Swedes, you just can't stop  them "interfering in Muslim countries".
Christians shooting christians is something I’m willing to live with.  Jesus will protect me. Now if the shooter was a muslim that’s where I draw the line.
Jimmy! OMG ! : (Obama's) support of Black Lives Matter - certainly controversial but not disgusting." Whaaat?!  Not disgusting to agree with "Kill the cops, fry em up like bacon", Etc. Etc. - oh yes, just Lovely comments.  He most certainly Was/IS an apologist for Muslim terrorists -just google it!
At last you called it ""Israel""! Most of your accusations are hyperinflations of the internal conflicts of a vibrant culture.  You make the typical totalitarian move of holding a democratic state's internal ferment against itself while implicitly praising the depravities of the surrounding states' assaults on their own citizens. Hamas executes Arab Palestinians without trial, Syria is, well, Syria. Turkey's 'President' is currently crippling that country's journalists. Pakistan executes Muslims and non-Muslims for the crime of 'heresy' and frequently they are subject to mob violence.  In Israel, not only are these things NOT happening, you can even have a safe exchange between Shia and Sunni believers. And Bahais are safe from the persecution they receive in every other surrounding state.  One thing you have entirely failed to bring up: Israel is a bastion of gay rights among all cultures and ethnic groups. Maybe that isn't a plus for you.
Liberal dementia, a social disease void of intelligence, logic, and common sense, knows no shame. They negotiate just like Muslim terrorists, there way or no way.
I agree. As there are roughly 1.1 billion muslims in the world only about 10% are the evil bastages that want to murder anything not muslim like them. So we only have to worry about 99 million. Hmmm, maybe vetting is not such a bad idea.
Are we really going to spend more time on this nonesense? Muslims are great! She's an idiot.. Good Grief.
I expect a lot of  pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel remarks from progressive Canadians here so we will give you some facts.  The Palestinians in Gaza and on the West Bank are ruled by Hamas who are proxy terrorists  trained, armed, and funded by Iran.  The Islamic states will never allow the Palestinians a homeland as they are are more useful as a proxy terrorists who have vowed to destroy Israel and kill every last Jew.  The Palestinians strap munitions on their own women and children and send them out into public places to kill Jewish women and children.  And for that the Iranian government has Hamas give the family $25,000 EU dollars.
some of the truths about the relationship between israel and america is too much to swallow it appears for some.  my comments which were neutral but pointed about this relationship have disappeared.  it seems some people wish to remain in denial or wish to perpetuate the great lie nurtured by lame street media that 9/11 was the work of terrorists of a muslim lineage.
LISTEN loser islam apologist, your evil so called religion is murdering people around the world daily, it is the problem, period
Actually, it is quite comparable.  The Muslim ban is based on the premise that Muslims are murderers.  This of course is just demagoguery that many in this country have bought into.
No, I have one of those Constitutions that recognizes "religious protection" as a spiritual right as long as its ideology does not coerce, threaten, murder those who choose to leave, follow another, don't interfere with its followers American Constitutional rights. 95% of the Mosques in America are funded by the Saudi Wahhabi sect of Islam, the same ideological sect that is funding the Islamic State and many of our government officials who are ideologically illiterate to its goals. I have read the Qur'an and studied the Islamic ideology from a neutral perspective until I realized it is a far greater terror than the Nazis or Communists. The perfect dictatorship. You tell me what rights you as an individual are afforded once they set up and Islamic government if you are an atheist, secular, or of another faith? May I suggest you have the right to be crucified, enslaved, or beheaded. Only ideological illiterates would sustain them as a minority race that needs protection..
I have not asked for "tolerance" to MY religion. You are wrong about the spelling of mo. It has been rendered in English in several ways. Insulting Christianity with "fairy tales" and false interpretations of what Christianity consists of is insulting Christianity. You insulted Christianity. I just pointed out the flaws in your history and interpretations. If you are muslim, and are "consistent" with the core beliefs as expressed in the Qu'ran, YOU hate Christians and Jews and atheists and esp homosexuals and condemn them to death. Otherwise, you have no scholarship with which to insult Christianity and support islam.
you little censor hungry peasants working for minimum wage over there must be on cloud 9 whenever your masters print one of these boring wannabe sensationalist muslim stories. I want to see you continue to do that: keep simple and small, keep running to mommy and daddy to shelter your precious fragile minds. it bemuses beyond your comprehension - how wantonly self destructive you are. go ahead, invite daddy under the covers there with you, i know you can keep the secret - go ahead and have no other sexual experience until you are gifted to the old hairy bozo down at the used car dealership, enjoy that old world misogyny while you trumpet the open society and tolerance. and you know what? when the war DOES happen, i wont return your pettiness and scorn in kind - i, the big, strong, intelligent, successful white man, WILL rescue you, like i always have. im bigger than you, its just that simple. now go ahead and continue playing in your little mind control sand box. i will allow it.
RichardCory> you nailed your fellow hypocrite Democrats down perfectly! Care to tell us what happened to the CBS lawyer whom had no sympathy for Republicans? LOL  "CBS has fired a corporate lawyer who said on social media about the Las Vegas mass shooting that she wasn’t sympathetic because “country music fans often are Republican gun-toters.” http://www.staradvertiser.com/2017/10/02/breaking-news/cbs-fires-lawyer-for-social-media-comment-on-las-vegas/  Also, let's not forget... The 5 Worst/Recent Mass Murders in the USA (with a Firearm) Came from Democrats  * Ft Hood: Registered Democrat/Muslim. * Columbine: Too young to vote; both families were registered Democrats and progressive liberals. * Virginia Tech: Wrote hate mail to President Bush and to his staff. * Colorado Theater: Registered Democrat; staff worker on the Obama campaign; Occupy Wall Street participant; progressive liberal. * Connecticut School Shooter: Registered Democrat; hated Christians.
Kukailimoku, I believed candidate Trump when he said he would ban all Muslims from entering the US.  Apparently, you didn't.
<<Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . . .>> That is the policy Trump articulated in December 2015. He has never renounced it, withdrawn it, or modified it. He's a bigot, and in his heart of hearts, he's proud of it; he wants us all to know that he's a bigot. Why else would he bring Steve Bannon and a cabal of neo-Nazis into the White House? Trump has told us, personally and through his surrogates (Giuliani, Gingrich, Miller), that the Executive Order is intended to get as close as they can to delivering on the "total and complete" Muslim ban Trump proposed in 2015. Trump is a bigot. He's looking for a way to ban Muslims.  The executive order doesn't go as far as Trump and his fellow-travelers want to go, but by their dark lights, it's a start.  It is intellectually dishonest to refer to the executive order as a "travel ban."  It's a Muslim ban.
When former President Barack Hussein Obama banned muslim immigrants from about those same countries President Donald Trump is banning, why wasn't it challenge by the Democratic party?  Obama's clone, Governor Ige was silent.  All of a sudden, we have a Republican President Donald Trump executive order for extreme vetting on muslim immigrant to prevcent ISIS or any other terriorist from infiltrating as a good muslim.  I can't think of any reason but "HATE FOR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP.        The photo taken of Muslims taking a photo of Mayor Caldwell and other top local Democrats giving a big smile is really pathetic.  The mental illness of a liberal Democrat cannot accept a common sense "extreme vetting" on those entering this country, most especially Hawaii.        Yesterday, Authorities on the mainland captured a known terrorist who had successfully infiltrated the immigrant welcome path to this country.  If we have another terrorist attack, undoubtedly they will blame President Trump.
Mr. Stephan, may I suggest you call 1-800-OHBOOHOOHOLLARYLOST. They have grief counselors on standby. Say, is she in prison yet? Tell us, why did you and your friends work so hard to get this criminal elected? Intelligent discussion? With a DemoRat? Fine, tell me, how is America greater if we allow you and your ilk to bring in a million Muslims who all want us dead?
My condolences to his family.  He was a brave soldier and a true hero willing to give all to fight the Islamic fundamentalists who want to take over the world and impose Islam and Sharia Law and cleanse the world of all infidels.  According to recent news reports, there are a number of  former US soldiers and others fighting with the Kurds and others opposed to these Islamic sociopaths.
I said the G&M gives free publicity to your cause everyday - which it does. There are at least 6 or 7 "journalists" who write for this newspaper who are nothing but apologists for islam. Story's that don't show islam in a favourable light don't get published. Every seen stories on the muslim "migrant" rapes in Sweden or Germany?  Or Rotherham? or Genital mutilation? Or or or.....    The saying - There Are None So Blind As Those Who Will Not See: applies to you.
"Donald Trump infamously talked about banning Muslims from entering the United States – as though there were huge numbers arriving daily. "  Dear Clueless in Canada,   It's not quantity that matters. It's quality ( or the lack of).
I think I saw somewhere that this White House, comrade Trumppowsky band Muslims from visiting US and to travel to this country, JUST BECAUE THEY WERE MUSLIM!! HELLO!! Who is intolerant?  Our President just sided with the Nazis and fascist and white supremacists.  Hello!
Just another sexual assault.  Oh, it must have been the alcohol.  Ban alcohol.   Another shooting, by a muslim declaring terrorist associations.  Blame the gun. Another theft, burglary, robbery, murder, etc.  Blame drugs, blame society, blame anything except the person who commits the crime!    Many of these crimes are by repeat offenders or those on a 'watchlist' of known gang members, drug dealers.  Just what good is a watchlist anyway?  Does it really help the investigation after the crime is committed?  Are all of those who law enforcement have been watching pulled in for questioning?    Flash:  Crimes are committed by people!  People who have been "raised" with no respect for others, who know the punishment and have no fear of it!  People raised in a system where 'criminal' rights are more important than the victims.  I for one am tired of it.  This guy needs a public whipping, a day or two in town square in the stocks, or one of his testicles removed.  He will show respect then!
So the words White supremacists is okay to say, but radical Islamic terrorists isn't, when radical Islamic terrorist murder Americans. Interesting. It's okay to now use the word evil, but not okay to use the words "axis of evil. Again interesting. This is ALL base on emotion. The emotion that the left lost the election. Extremism is Extremism regardless of what group, and terrorism is terrorism regardless to what religion. And violence is violence regardless of who is doing it, include taking a rife and shooting at Senators.
The sad thing is only muslims are terrorists. A white guy who walks into a Walmart and kills 3 people isn't a terrorist just another blue light special. Except for the terrorized people we have today as a result of shootings in schools, movie theaters, malls, at work, at a night club, concerts. Selfish white boys with their selfish toys. The 2nd amendment is deadly. Since 911 more us men murdered their exes than soldiers have died in Iraq and Afghanistan. I want the White House and Congress and State Houses and courts across the nation all open carry. Stop hiding NRA supporters behind metal detectors or do only politicians lives matter?
Well, it would be great if the campaign promise to ban all Muslims (completely unconstitutional) is "moot and inoperative", but as the late 2016 quote from Trump shows, he disagrees with you.  According to him, "All along, I’ve been proven to be right."  This says "operative" to me.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is a great, courageous Muslim dissident intellectual, unheralded by   doctrinaire ‘progressive’ proponents of sanitizing radical Islamism and averting their eyes from such atrocities as female genital mutilation and 'honour' killings of secularized Muslim women by their hatefully patriarchal families.
It is long past time to recognize that rational people cannot interact meaningfully with the substantial numbers of irrational ones.  How do you talk to the majority of Trump supporters who believe his son did NOT have that meeting with the Russian lawyer, despite the admission he did and the provision of email documents to support it?  What do you say to the majority of Republicans who believe Obama is a Kenyan Muslim?  How do you seek to understand the worldview of people who believe in so many things that are absurdly ridiculous and have not a shred of evidence to support them?  The answer is - you don't.  You continue to label these people as stupid and their leaders and news sources (Breitbart and The Rebel come to mind) as stupid, because what else can you call it, really?  We have tried to "understand" the other side - it hasn't worked, because these folks do not think rationally.
This proposal by the orange Pillsbury boy to our south is offensive, yes, also so ridiculous as to be unworkable.  How, precisely, is any security screening to determine who is Muslim and who is Christian?  He's not offering refuge to Jews under persecution?  What's with that?  It is not possible to tell if someone is Christian or Muslim by simply looking at them. There are many Lebanese Christians (Danny Thomas and Jamie Farr are two of many examples of Christian Lebanese Americans).  One can't even tell within North America who is a Christian and who is not.  Many sincere Christians do not attend an organized church because they find many to be businesses more interested in securing their financial bottom line than in helping people to connect with God.  Perhaps Trump and some of his fellow Republicans in the Senate and in the House consider themselves to be Christians? Actively seeking to withhold access to quality healthcare based on income is NOT consistent with Jesus' teachings.
So all Muslims are not terrorists then? What an eye opener
I think if you are a gay Muslim or a Jewish teacher trying to teach Muslim kids in the public school system, you might be quite affected.
Good riddance.  All these Islamic fundamentalists/Jihadis should be summary shot if and when captured and buried with pigs.  Similar to what the US did when fighting the same muslims prior to WWI. This practice really tamped down the muslim attacks on US troops.  When fighting Islamic fundamentalists there is no room for mercy as they will see this as weakness. It is just how they think and it is the only thing they respect.  Some things never change and we need to learn from history.
What about the LGBT group meeting down the hall? How would they feel about anti-gay Muslim religious practice in their schools?
3 perfectly normal non racist white people out of 4 fear that a Muslim will blow them up.....
Traditional liberals were far less bigoted, they steadfastly defended free speech and were open to new ideas and debate. Today's liberals or "progressives" are obsessed with separating people into hierarchies of victimhood, usually based on ethnicity, sexual preference or the religion of Islam. They no longer advocate for disadvantaged people who are not on their approved list of victims, and they attempt to stifle free speech to silence their critics. They are quick to dismiss you with names like sexist or xenophobe if you express ideas or facts contrary to their rigid views. As Winston Churchill prophetically said, "The fascists of the future will be the anti-fascists."
"unpopular citizens like muslims" Why would you say something that bigoted?
No, because Christians do don't say to stone a person to death or to throw them off buildings, like the muslims do.  Christians respect people who are different while praying based on their beliefs.
Christians and others are being slaughtered by Moslems all over the world because they are not Moslem.  Moslems  are killing Moslems because they are not the right kind of Moslems. Why do we allow them entry into our country?  Keep them and their scrabbles out.  Let in those that are willing to get along with there neighbours.
.  "The whole notion that somehow we just say no to more Muslims, just ban a whole religion, goes against everything we stand for and believe in."   Dick Cheney  ----  Wow.  When Dick Cheney  calls you out for being intolerant and anti-Muslim, you know you have to be one grossly sick POTUS.  .
Keep importing Muslims to prove tolerance, keep holding candlight vigils. Instead of importing engineers and doctors, we import welfare collecting riff-raff from the third world. Brilliant.
Are you implying that it's appropriate that Muslims should be targeted in the USA because non-Muslims have difficulty practising their faiths in Muslim countries?
You do have some good points.  There is real religious persecution in the world.  Christians are being beheaded in Muslim countries.  And judging is wrong, which is what you are doing to me.  And even though Christianity is under attack, it really is not that bad, but it is part of the progressive agenda.  And Jesus did say we would face persecution.  And the church should welcome gay people into their churches.  But we cannot approve of sex between a man and a man.
Well, at least these worst element Christians didn't go there and shoot a bunch of people or plant a bomb like the worst element Muslims would have, eh, James?
well, they are brown, they speak Arabic and call God "Allah" so they are probably Muslims in disguise, claiming to be Christians to get our sympathy.   everyone knows "real" Christians are white and speak English.    funny, I notice none of our regular righties are expressing any anger over their Catholic compatriots despair and danger.    they pay lip service to protecting the Christians in the Middle East, but heaven forbid they should actually help them.
.  "President Donald Trump’s sweeping ban on people seeking refuge in the United States and visitors from seven Muslim-majority"  -  There's actually a certain logic to this Trump policy.  If you want to appeal to the stupidest voters in your country, it would serve you well to put forth the stupidest policies possible.  Ergo: Donald Trump's first week in office.  .
So far the Taliban ( if that was who was speaking) is the only source of information  that actually makes sense, even if it is sadistic and depraved.  We have been lied to so consistently about Islamic terrorism over the years we have all learned how to smell the crap.
anti military Rik? now you hate one of my brothers?   Keep it up lefty.  Liberal checklist 2016/2017 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Let the criminals out. Let illegals in. Mainstream media 100% gospel. Let boys in the girls bathrooms. Condemn police officers. Don't care about the veterans. Eradicate history if offensive. Believe Healthcare is a Constitutional right. Kill the unborn-Stomp on and burn the American flag. Accept barbarity in the name of Islam- hugs,love and no borders will stop terrorism. Protect the Sanctuary cities. Black lives only matter. Coddle the lazy. Encourage hate crimes.  Call for the assassination of our president, talk of overthrowing our government. Burn businesses, attack innocent bystanders, destroy City property, call for, and try to incite a civil war. Refuse freedom of speech on others, while demanding their own political and government obstructionists.
The terrorist that killed all of those unarmed citizens was an extension of ISIS. BAROOK HUSSAIN OBAMA was the reason this guy got as far as he did. This is what happens when you try to cover up the truth, that ISLAM is a warrior ideology, and not a religion.
"Cut the two victims throats."   That's not random stabbing, that's cold deliberate killing. And it's not a violent crime against Muslims unless the two Good Samaritans, now dead, are Muslim.  MAX has suffered from a lot of robberies and crimes against passengers, mostly attributed to East Portland gang members.  I hope more MAX passengers will begin packing.
Sure he does, but he also knows how gullible his supporters are. Just read some of the nonsense they write here.  We can stop immigrants but how about anyone who just flies in for a vacation from Europe, Canada or any of the other places where you don't even need a visa? Or, how about some guy born in Queens who has mental issues and is gay deciding to end it all in the worst way possible? Do we put all Muslims and people who may be Muslim in camps? With a tan and my beard, maybe you think I am Muslim.
Doesn't matter, Trump and his Christian Terrorist will be happy being reunited in Heaven when the world ends...That's why they're willing to take us out and the world...Sad, not to different from those Muslim Terrorist they're afraid of...#MAGA
I'll just say it one more time, most other immigrants come legally, on a jet, with credentials.  If they overstay, thats wrong.  But most Mexicans come in ILLEGALLY with criminal intent to stay based on that criteria.  Frankly, I prefer Mexicans to Muslims (from the seven countries Obama labeled) The Hispanics aren't Islamic, which is a hateful dogma, or have a death wish comparable to the suicide bombers, drawn from their faith.  You'll have to go back a few posts to find me maligning your name, but its all good. You've dutifully anointed me as your good Lord Twyford, and I am forever humbled. Talley ho old chap!
Funny, though, that things like this only happen in Islamic countries. See also: beheadings, stonings, throwing gays off buildings, honor killings, etc. Question-does Mormon "criticism" rise to the level of government punishment?   Today's lesson in leftist moral equivalence.
Hey G&M, re Barcelona..."Van Attack"? Few days back you called white supremacist, neoNazis, why is this not an Islamic attack? Get your act together b4 its too late.
I don't hunt anything for sport--is contrary to the mandates of my Islamic faith. When I hunted fowl, I did so to eat them.  Same for fish.  When I hunt invasive felines, it's to help preserve the environment.  I realize that talking sense to Peter Springer's zombiefied 'no-kill' extremists is a waste of time, but here's a suggestion:  I'm by no means the only, or even the biggest, omnivore where I live.  Come visit the other non-contiguous US state.  Some of these large omnivores are still out and about--a man jogging with his dog was attacked by one in Seward just yesterday.  I can probably direct you to one within about two blocks of my house.  Go up to said omnivore and lecture it on how 'bad' it is for ripping the roe out of a gasping mama salmon's belly, or pulling down a cute li'l baby moosie to eat.  Be advised said omnivore may vigorously express its disagreement on your person--up to and including killing and eating you.  Silly of them, but that's how they are...
No, the GOP in Colorado clear back then was headed towards the conservative side.  And KKK in Colorado, was NOT about racism , but about being against Catholics and Jews, not blacks.  Sadly, Conservatives likes yourself, have a LONG history of hate and going after others. Look at how your leader trump is going after muslim refugees even though 100% of evidence is that he will not pick up a SINGLE terrorists.   As to the klan in the south, it was almost always about blacks.
Muslims kill more Muslims than anyone else? Why is that?
You need to send this Idiot Margaret & these Liberal MP's to the middle east to live for 6 months. If Her & them made it back alive, they would change their Idiotic ideas completely.  Read the Koran. The Quran contains 109 verses that call Muslims to war with nonbelievers for the sake of Islamic rule. Some are quite graphic, with commands to chop off heads and fingers and kill infidels wherever they may be hiding. Muslims who do not join the fight are called 'hypocrites' and warned that Allah will send them to Hell if they do not join the slaughter.
But but but He HAS to be a terrorist! He’s brown and he’s a Muslim!  Whereas that lone wolf crazy white guy that shot 58 people  He’s NOT A TERRORIST
First the Republicans decided to give Barrack Obama a pass on the last two Presidential elections (i.e. instead of focusing on policy which the people are interested in, focused on birth certificates, who is the better Muslim, who hates America and is intentionally trying to destroy it, etc. etc.) and now the focus is on who the Dems will run in 2018.  Another hand off to Mark.  Does this idiocy ever end, or just continue to demonstrate the Republican Party is devoid of any useful ideas?  Darn.
round up all the muslims young men from canada,germany,france,britain,and the states  arm them and send them to syria.boots on the ground is needed.
When a person singles out certain religious groups (Muslims) for instance and accuses them of being terrorists, disparaging Mexicans many of whom are Catholics/Christians of being rapists and murderors, then it is hatred speech - nothing kind and loving in those type of remarks. It is NOT hatred speech to push back against such.  Is everyone supposed to roll over and play dead when trumps utters such statements?
muslime hussain barrack nobama....NO ONE cares what you have to say.  Your DACA was an illegal and unconstitutional force to flood our country with illegals and burden our country with supporting these thugs that hate America.  You, muslime hussain nobama, are irrelevant.  Now get the hell out of our lives!
Whether a Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslim or not, a Muslim follower of Islam attacked shot, maimed and killed many innocent foreign national people including a Canadian woman in a nightclub in Istanbul. Turkey.  The attack was on a nightclub filled with innocent foreign national people from various different countries. It wasn't an attack only on Turks.  And Turkey is virtually under martial law after the failed coup and after other recent terrorist attacks and the police had increased security in Turkey and around that club. Nevertheless, a terrorist got through and attacked, shot, maimed and killed lots of innocent people and got away.   It just goes to show that Muslim terrorists can get through if and when they really want to. And we're not immune in Canada. I guess Canadians in Canada will have to be very wary and vigilant.
What? "Sex has not been a difficult issue for the Church... or for people"   ??  What planet are you on?    Temptation is more than "somewhat challenging." In the early days of the church, so many men were castrating themselves (to be holy "eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven" that  Emperor Hadrian instituted the death penalty for anyone who castrated without official permission, as well as for any doctor who performed the deed.    In Islam, sex was such a strong temptation that men forced its women to wear burkas.  Even today Mike  Pence won't allow himself to have dinner with any women other than his wife.  LOL !  Seems to me this has always been a BIG issue.
So why are we letting him in, then?  I mean, don't we have a border, too?  If the US can block muslim people at their border, we can block crazy white preachers at ours, no?
Personally, I didn't care that Obama didn't call terrorism out at "Radical Islamic" anymore than I care that Trump calls out the white supremacist fools by name.  I do however care that the things the Rs used for years as a club against Obama arejust fine now that Trump is behaving the same way.    I have brought this up before, but before defending Trump, I would suggest taking a look at how you would have reacted if Obama had said or done the exact same thing.  If you would have had a freak out, then be consistent and be bothered by Trump's behavior.  Think about things like the election commission asking for voter info, how would you have reacted had Obama done that?  The protests and violence in VA, how would you have reacted if Obama had given the equivalent of a shrug?
Sheema is taking her usual position of excusing Islamist extremism, by equating it with White Supremacist violence. There is no comparison. Islamists have been and are killing hundreds of thousands of people (both Muslims and non-Muslims). White Supremacists make lots of noise but are not in the same killing-league.
Where are the peaceful followers of Islam when the bombs go off? Most of the 1.6 billion peaceful Muslims are at home, at work, at the mosque, or out shopping. Some, however, are in the homes that the bombs blow to smithereens. Many of the ones who survive that are refugees, 1.6 million in Turkey, about a half million in Lebanon, a quarter million in the tiny nation of Jordan, a hundred thousand in Egypt.  I am well aware what some people think of protesters against Trump. Some people think they are whiners or even "traitors". But many of us think they are decent American citizens exercising their right to free speech, and opposing the idiocy emanating from the White House.  It sounds as though you think everyone should just shut up and do as they're told, otherwise, as you say, we are "linked to" the terrorists. Well, the heck with you! Say that to my face! (Actually, if I knew you by name and talked with you, I would most likely patiently disagree.)
Lots of people really REALLY don't like Muslims. For them to elect one is a big deal.
Prepare to be swarmed by Muslim Immigrants who are already in the  US .    During the summer they will attempt what they did at Calais France, swarm borders and force their way in. THE Liberals will be powerless to stop it once it starts.  Toronto and Montreal and Canada are not ready for the arrival of thousands of young Muslims men just as Cologne London and Paris before them
If we should blame all Muslims for the acts of a few, as many on the right feel we should be doing, then yes, we should blame all Christians for the actions of this one guy.
Vancouverite protesting Trump .Now they call him a racist in Canada with no examples of how he is racist and just running on romours becuase that is all left thinking people can say when they lodt the election and for some reason Canada thinks they should open their stupid protesting agenada.He like Muslims but not radical ones. he is not sexist but the sheep are following the lies
Because, regardless of what the right would have you believe, it appears that the press in this country doesn't think it is terrorism unless it is perpetrated by Muslims.
George Clooney and his Muslim wife are leaving Britain and Europe, selling property and moving to LA where they believe their children will be safer from terrorism. After all he said against Trump and in defence of open border immigration by Muslims from Syria you have to wonder why?  Irony is Hypocrisy’s poor sister.
Why are people surprised that Germans have been attacked? Germans have been killing people in the Middle East in support of the US activities there. Note that this is a feature of every attack - retaliation for a previous attack on Muslims.
How many Canadians would welcome to Canada German Nazis , who teach their children  to hate Jews and to kill homosexuals.s ?  Muslims  teach their children to hate Jews and to kill homosexuals. and we are told to accept their cultural values. because that is good.
Not all muslims. You drank the kool-aid. BILLIONS of muslims can still come in from the other tens of muslims countries that are not on the list. BILLIONS can still come in and only a few millions cannot. And only for a little while. And not even begins for another week or two, so those MILLIONS can still come in, too.  This HARDLY seems to meet the threshold of racist or islamaphobic when you consider HOW MANY it does NOT obstruct entrance. You Alt-Left people really do curdle my milk with all your false news.
Just a matter of time for all women to be obligated to get covered up and hidden up veils to not offend Muslims. They are winning .
Please enlighten me how, in your opinion, is Mayor Khan responsible for the terrorist acts committed by a bunch of lunatics who call themselves "Muslims". Blaming Mr. Khan would be as silly as blaming all Christians for the atrocities committed by the Ku Klux Klan.
Ontario's public school system was once Christian. Pierre Trudeau eliminated that. You Muslims should have to give up your religion too.
I love how Dobson thinks trump is a baby christian but believes Obama is a Muslim. The hypocrisy is yuuuuge!
The only troll is Amira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion. 7
Dear oh dear oh dear.  Alceste is at it again.  Let me try to give you some of the common sense that my billy goat has.  While not every single solitary Muslim wants to create a shadow legal and social system in western countries, many do.  There are documented cases of this occurring in the US, UK, and Canada.    There are many Muslims who practice things that we consider abhorrent in North America - like making women second class citizens and throwing gays off buildings.  I suppose you are against the sanctioned misogyny and homophobia in Islam, but maybe you are not.  But I am against it and I do not want even an inkling of that hatred here.  And, Duke has as much right to a post a comment as anyone else.  Just as you do and just as I do.  If you don't like a comment then engage.  You and I have done so on many occasions, and while rare, I have found that sometimes you have made some comments that are nearly as good as mine.  : )  Seriously, though, debate, teach, and learn.
"Christians are tired of being called homophobes and Islamophobes..."  I'm sure they are, Cal.  Maybe if they stopped being so homophobic and Islamophobic the name calling would stop?
This is typical anti-Israel bias at the UN - Saudi Arabia is on the human rights council, a country where having a vagina disqualifies you from driving and people are killed for "blasphemy" - what amounts to your average Family Guy joke. The Organization of Islamic Cooperation or OIC represents one of the strongest power brokers in the UN due to their size, 57 members with a particular fondness of Islamism. They often put forward resolutions making it "illegal" to criticize Islam  - no one is able to dispute the fact a blind illiterate mystic was "enlightened" by the archangel Gabriel to create a book that seems to share uncanny similarities with Christianity and Judaism (pardon my blasphemous digression but you get the point). The UN has no credibility - it is an exercise in futility and hypocrisy that accomplishes nothing beyond strongly worded statements. Zimbabwe, North Korea, Iran, China, Russia, Syria, Yemen  - who are we kidding?.
That's because it is irrelevant. We have troops in Muslim countries... guess that means we deserve a good massacre or two.
Gee, ya think terror threats come from predominantly muslim countries these days?  The shock. The horror.
Trump has never blamed legal immigrants -- he supports them.  (Illegal immigrants aren't technically immigrants, they are uninvited lawbreakers.)  Trump has never blamed Muslims per se; he has blamed Muslim extremists who kill Americans.  Anyway, Trump has never, like Hillary, denigrated the American people.   That is, he has never called millions of Americans "deplorable."  Nor has Trump denigrated religious Americans, as Obama did when he said millions of us "cling to religion."  Glass houses my friend.
If it is gaining strength, it is in reaction to those who gleefully make no bones about looking forward to exterminating the white race and "european culture" as just deserts for past sins, claim the world would be better off peopled by brown people only, that Muslim society is superior to western society, etc.  We have some of those people  right on these boards.
That would give Arab gangs a great chance to kill defenseless Jews, they do it very well and with great enthusiasm.  Sorry Malumba, your brothers finished off the Jews, now they are almost done with Christians, and Moderate Muslims will go next. You wait your turn, and don't be surprised.
"People don't burn other people alive" You need to acquaint yourself with autos da fe in Middle Ages Europe. Christians did precisely that to women accused of witchcraft, Jews who refused to convert, Christians who were accused of heresy (that is, they held beliefs the authorities didn't approve of), and others. After some Jews rejected Martin Luther's protestant Christianity as not being their cup of tea, Martin Luther suggested locking Jews in synagogues and setting the synagogues on fire. If that's too ancient for you, only 30 years ago, Christians were raping and slaughtering Muslims in the former country of Yugoslavia. Last year, Jews living in the West Bank burned down Arabs' houses and mosques, and in at least one house, the occupants were in it. Terrorists are brutal. A lot of terrorists are Muslim. That does NOT make all Muslims dogs. If a man from Arvada gets angry at his ex-wife and burns down her home with her in it, are all Arvadans to be considered dogs?
Bernie is not supported by the socially conservative theocrats that seek to make Christianity the national religion like Iran has Islam as it national religion and guiding force.  The angry racist bigots who spent 8 years constantly attacking obama and watching their Fox News and listening to their talking heads like rush, hannity etc, for their prescribed rhetoric are the people I'm referring to.  You honestly think these people were Bernie supporters and would have voted Bernie over trump?  I'm not sure if your post was serious or meant to be jokingly
It disgusts me and many others how on this comment board, there's such vitriol and outrage against Muslims from the usual racists/xenophobes and exactly zero outrage against the racist/xenophobe terrorist inspired by the exact same vitriol who murdered innocent people praying in a Mosque.  These kinds of posts come from the ugliest of Canadians.
What kind of fool would trust a terrorist funding, feudal Theocracy to suddenly be open and honestly look after non-muslim investors?
Polls strongly indicate that most Muslims are for Shariya law -- that means, laws that gays should be killed, apostates killed, women killed.  This matters.   More than pretty smiles.  There was another election, as it were.  Polls show Muslim sentiment just as I describe it.   They voted against your ideals.
"If Donald Trump is the Next Hitler then I am joining his SS to put an end to Monotheist Question. All Zionist Jews, All Christians who do not follow Christ's teaching of Love, Charity, and Forgiveness And All Jihadi Muslims are going to Madagascar or the Ovens/FEMA Camps!!! Does this make me a fascist!!!" --Jeremy Christian
After the massacre in Orlando, Trump was literally the only politician to identify the killer as an Islamic terrorist. But Trump was immediate denounced by leaders of the LGBT communities of America and Canada as Islamophobic and homophobic, even when he said he would pledge national security to protect the  lives of all LGBT.  They supported Hillary despite her soft attitude toward the Islam that killed them.
He was an excellent marksman. Was he Muslim? I hope, otherwise we cannot blame them.
The problem and the danger for us in the West is that too many Muslims think it's OK to kill apostates and blasphemers. This is mostly the extremist Islamist type. But why should we let this type of terrorist into our countries?
This will never ever stop unless authorities get more serious about what they are doing. Must go very very hard after family and friends that knew. It doesnt matter whether they are Islamic, Nazi, white trash, BLM, or any other. Someone always knows. Not enough to prosecute? Get hot and make better laws.
So Top Level... just what do you think the odds are that three men, all about the same age, same background, same religion and same belief system are all mentally ill to the degree that they run a van into people and then go on a stabbing spree? NOT VERY LIKELY. This case had nothing to do with mental illness and everything to do with militant Islam, unrestrained immigration and botched intelligence.
How about FUCK NO. If anything Canada should learn from America's example and start smartening up before this country is overrun by Muslims and Chinese who don't want to learn English.
Oh, so it's okay to denigrate American country folk, but don't say one cross word against a Muslim? I can only hope it's your loved ones and not mine that are in the mall or store or party or whatever when the next suicide bomber shows up.
Keep making excuses and deflecting Sher, Europe is suffering from cultural regression as a result of "accommodating" a system of beliefs that is only common in uncivilized societies where free expression and gender equality are non-existent. Political Islam is a cancer.
Trump was ATTACKed by the father at the convention.  His son was killed in a war Hillary supported.  Good for Trump for not backing down - Muslum women aren't allowed to speak.  Where is the press's curiosity over Benghazi and the 4 dead Americans Hillary is DIRECTLY responsible for!  Go Trump, take out the PC press
So then logic dictates that "Black Silence Kills", by not standing up for the Police when the "Black Lives Matters"group promotes killing cops....and also when Muslims do Not stand up against Muslim Terrorists. It too could then Logically be termed : "Muslim Silence Kills".
You call that carnage? I have been to enough horrible places around the World to let you know that this is not it! Not even close! Come with me to Africa, I can show you around to some lovely places.   ".....And when Muslim activists, driven to despair, launched attacks on military installations in Rakhine last year, the government lashed out at its Muslim population with unrestrained brutality". Are you for or against terrorists "activists"?    Ridiculous...
and the worthless criminal illegals that you lefties love bring all the drugs in. LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! President Trump will clean up the garbage soon. Wall going up and non humans packing up; Love It! : ) Bye! don't come back, also, all muslims get out.
Three victims in Fairbanks..a mother, a partner, an infant. Not Muslim, not jihad. Just your average American white guy with a gun and an anger problem. A church full of African Americans in Charleston slaughtered in cold blood by Dylan Roof. Individuals with anger management problems and mental health disturbances come in all colors. Generalizations of hate or fear toward entire groups of people of one race or religion are a danger to all of us.
Try reading more carefully. I put the word religion in quotes. This isn't about codified religion.  Whatever the motivations,  it's deep hate that is at the core of virtually all these acts. Yep, it's small-minded to try to elevate one act of barbarity over another but some people just can't help but keep trying to do so. Heaping the ills of the world onto Muslims alone is hardly going to change anything for the better. This "Christian" nation had no qualms about going into the Middle East and igniting a firestorm but now wants to claim it is the one that is the victim. It would be laughable it if wasn't just so pathetic.
Just the White Supremacists emboldened by their leader to resurrect the 1930s pogroms of the New Hitler/Der Fuehrer  Trump and his National Security Advisor Herr Bannon.  Start with a small non-christian minority to appease the Fundamentalist Racist Christians following Judaeo-Christian ethics, expand to Islamics and all immigrants while imposing martial law in all Black urban areas.  The 4th Reich in full flower.
So when do we put a bag over Trudeau's head for destroying white culture in Canada with Muslim and Chinese immigration??  Now this crap. Hey Indians !!1  If you worked more, like the rest of us, Instead of sucking at the taxpayers teat every day - you wouldn't have time to fuss over who kicked your asses
The author says, illogically, that “white nationalism” is “an asinine term, since there’s no white nation”.   Obviously, the term is aspirational from the white nationalists’ POV, since a white nation is exactly what they would like to establish.  It’s their goal that is asinine, not only because it is odious in itself, but also (thankfully) unachievable.  As for the statues, here is one area where the Muslims  (although I am no fan of their religion) have it right:  better to avoid graven images altogether.
As yet another in a long line of Muslim Homicidal Maniacs... At least he was a failure in his twisted endeavour!
Of course they leave out he was a muslim. They say he posted radical muslim things in his Dojo and online.  We understand you want to protect muslims. We have known this since you denied they celebrated 9/11. But we know how to spot if they are muslim or not. We ahem to do our own research because you are too afraid to do it.  have faith in your citizens and tell them the truth.
Another Muslim commits a terrorist act and democrats will once again blame the NRA. NYC, New Jersey, Minnesota, Orlando, San Bernardino. Get it yet?
Then, there was Axa Parvaz who was killed by her father for refusing to wear a hijab.  Honour killings in Canada are actually a leading cause of death for females now.  It is disguised as " domestic violence" by our supplicating news media   to protect Islam from shame.  BTW, Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal was an act of Islamic terror because the killer, whose real name was Gamal  a Muslim, believed women should not be out getting higher education.
If you are a social justice warrior, go to a Muslim bakery and order a gay wedding cake.
The wonderful bleeding hearts of Europe thought all the near and middle East Muslims would be as goody buddies as themselves. Now they are reaping the harvest of allowing these people in. Europe has been ruined by bleeding heart fools. These murder incidents are only a beginning. We must learn from that. Stop Islam.
Dude!, you mentioned Trump, "I notice some Muslims, Hispanics, and Blacks are claiming the the media, Trump, and Police are slow to call this terrorism, because the shooter is white, and likes guns and country music. " If that is not mentioning Trump, then I don't know what is.
Sorry, they look extremely healthy and well cared for. Being able to have three children is not exactly how other Taliban prisoners were treated. Why would they still be wearing Muslim garb and treat themselves like good conservative Muslims? This whole story as presented in the press is highly suspicious. The timing after Canada paying our terrorist makes me wonder. The press portraying the kids as normal kids trying to say they are cured of their terrifying experience. The Taliban holding them for ransom from the USA is idiotic, the USA nor Canada pay ransom, this also is the first we have heard of this captivity.
don't be fooled by the so called moderate peaceful Muslims as they were marching in Al-Quds parades around the world.
Thousands in Barcelona march shouting ‘I’m not afraid!’ Ha ha ha,Just wait. These european pro immigration fools have not seen anything yet. Their countries' disaster by allowing untold millions of Muslims and other disadvantaged people to invade them is just beginning! Islandsun says 'Spain will not tolerate..'? Ha ha ha, they are aleady powerless to stem the tide of enemies storming their land.
Why did you accept a Obama/Muslim Presidency ? I don't believe Trump, or any Natural-born American president, would bow and kiss the kiss the hand of the Saudi King.
Thanks Barack Obama for strengthening the Muslim Brotherhood, your favourites, in Egypt.  More Christian deaths are the result. Go away already, you creep.
White guy kills, tougher gun laws not the answer.  Muslim guy kills, tougher immigration laws are the answer.  And the right wing wonders why they are labeled racist?
I correct myself... In other worlds, all people (not all Muslims) must follow their divine leaders teachings that say: join them or die!
Speculation and unsubstantiated.    Why not simply tell the truth?  It is NOT a ban on Muslims.....
Mr Couillard has to be careful here, his is not a view that is allowed to be seriously pondered or considered in today's Canada.  And the usual riposte is that it is not right to say that all Muslims support terrorism, never mind that no-one anywhere, including Mr Couillard now, has ever made that ridiculous assertion.
the muslim imported punks are not americans. they are a poison upon my country and should be exterminated.
Now the libs want to deny they love Muslim terrorists? And want more here?
OMG, all those armed citizens! How about the bombers and knife wielding Muslimaniacs?
I say we hold a competition," Most vociferous Anti American Muslim Defender". You got my vote, traitor.
Native born or immigrant Muslims are DANGEROUS.  All Europe will be an Islamic State in 30 years.
Shaista,  you might get less push back if you were also prepared to talk about and acknowledge the existence of radical Islamist terror, jihadists, and the role of radical clerics who manipulate and create these young terrorists.
No.  But I'm sure you and JJ will happily convert to Islam when getting your head cut off is the option. This isn't funny dork. (snare drum, rim & cym.)
You're far too kind by delicately phasing "the Democrats are cooked". LOL  In reality, they would all be given a fair trial and then swiftly executed via a traditional Islamic beheading for supporting abortion, gays, adultery, pre- and extra-marital sex! For those that are not aware, public be-headings for just those highly anti-Islamic religious beliefs are as common as fiestas in Mexico! LOL   I say let the (D)onkey voters seal their own fate by allowing our new Muslim overlords rewrite our laws! LOL  WARNING: Graphic and Disturbing Woman Beheaded In Broad Daylight in ‘Moderate’ Muslim Nation While Police Watch... http://www.israelvideonetwork.com/woman-beheaded-in-broad-daylight-in-moderate-muslim-nation-while-police-watch/
I call them uninformed bigots and islamophobes.  It's Rise Canada, an anti-muslim hate group.
Point taken...... Islamic terrorists are sinister and dangerous.
How many times do we have to tell Ige and his st00ge Chin this is not a Muslim Ban, it's trying to be careful who we let in the country.  The vast majority of Muslims in this world can come in.  Major st00ges both Ige and Chin.
It's an especially dumb move when Trump claims we are being menaced by hostile Muslim movements from outside the country to declare war on a group of fully acculturated, motivated people who support democratic norms of gubmit.
Don't be an idiot - guns don't kill people by themselves, they are an inanimate object.  Muslims on the other hand, ones that follow their evil book's orders to kill non believers, are sentient beings that have been proven to make terrible choices in their desire to attain a boatload of virgins after they die a martyr's death.  So yes - we do need a registry of those that have proven their desire to harm peaceful Americans.
ye lib troll harper never was hostile to muslims in canda, he was hostile to terrorists and that is needed now more than every but you ignorant libs think we should embrace them
Very interesting ... What will Trump do next? Ban all Muslim?
Enjoy it while you can.  Say are you impressed with the republicans?  Love that new shinney wall they are building and their ability to keep Muslims out.  lol  What jokes republicans are.  Hillary was not my candidate but at least she was a capable candidate to be president and won't just be working to destroy health care for millions just to provide tax cuts for the rich.  Voodoo just will not work and it is a shame that we will have to go through another crash to wake clowns like you up.    Never thought though that Russia will now be running this country through Putin's surrogates.  Come on Donald, release your tax returns so that we can see some of your ties to mother Russia!  Phony conservatives have become such a joke.  Even Reagan must be spinning in his grave.
That’s racist, xenophobic, islamophobic. That’s the extent of debate from you and your ilk. I’ll now gladly just call you mentally retarded and move on to someone with the intelligence to Debate in the first place. That’s what happened to debate.
Call me and many that thinks how I tink, Islamophobists. But the radical Islamist/Muslims are Real, deny it if you must but it's Real in my mind, they are spreading Terror and now Islamophobists are fighting back. Allahu Akbar! Yikes!  Americans are sleeping while Islam/Muslim brings with them Sharia. Those that create Religious Wars in the MidEast are planting Sharia's seeds with the flow of migrant Refugees into America. You know the Hate these people have and hold within that's taught to their offsprings. The Mosque's don't fool me, they have a hidden Agenda, the Spread of Sharia. Women's Rights Groups and the Snow Flakes jaws will Drop!  Jesus, couldn't teach them 2000+ years ago, What makes Americans or for that matter any Christian denomination tink they can change Islam/Muslim's Religion followers to assimilate into the Western World? A Religion that needs to be updated, times changed the World never ceases to Spin the game
"There’s a phone message we play during workshops that never fails to evoke reaction. It’s the recording of a woman who called our office last fall to express her deep suspicion of Syrian refugees, Muslims and women in head scarves." ~ `` ~ . . . what's with this Overgeneralization of 'Bigotry' based on "a woman who called our office last fall"??  What a pitiful excuse to stir up more s***t -- be sure to drag in others to suck up full sympathy.  Enough Of This Bull..   Would you like to know how many Indignities have been experienced by Women who DO NOT wear head scarves & do not belong to the above groups named -- All Women Experience Indignities, Madam -- ALL..!!  For your edification -- Muslim men can be Exceptionally Ignorant & Rude to 'White, Non-Muslim Women' & that Friend, is drawn from Familial Experience. Obviously a Norm For Muslim Men.  So, Do You Hear White Non-Muslim Women Whining???? Nope!.  Say, how about giving this over-wrought cry-baby whining a Big Fat Rest.. !?  / .
Against her religion for dog saliva to come in contact with her skin? One more black mark against Islam in my book.
Isn’t it amazing how trump supporters like to stretch the truth and play the victim card? No one is calling you racist for disliking Obama’s policies that is dumb. No one is calling you anti Muslim for not supporting ISIS, they are calling you that because you probably don’t support the immigration of Middle Eastern refugees who are not terrorists. People might be saying you hate sick people because ACA is bad because it gives health coverage to millions of people who otherwise would not have it. A lot of Trump supporters are pretty hateful though and you are right about the country being divided.
My point is that Trump's constant blathering and bragging implied that he knew what he was doing and that he, singularly, was the one capable of preventing attacks. We now have two since his inauguration and the best he can do is attack the leader of the minority party for his support of 1990 legislation that was supported by both parties and signed into law by George H. W. Bush (R).  Pretty weak and pathetic coming from the guy who promised, without a real plan or any sensible ideas, that he alone could fix it. Maybe if he calls it radical Islamic terrorism a few more times, then tosses salt over his shoulder and clicks his heels, he will. It's about as good as anything else he's been trying (blaming others and attacking immigrants/Muslims).
Some sexist remarks below from people that don’t understand that banning veil is banning the right the women chose for themselves and adhere to. This is the total assault on muslims and religious beliefs and is the start of the shift from democratic values to that of dictatorships. Shame on Europe who would allow nudity but would not allow women to cover
And our children shouldn't have to worry about getting hurt by Muslims at school because they aren't Muslim. It goes both ways here.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? .  To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?"  Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with.  Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post -  read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
Unfortunately that might bring a nasty response from the Muslim group. Fatwa and Jihad are 2 words that come to mind.
Call me xenophobic if you want, Hussein, but NO immigrants (Muslim or Mexican) would be good with me and save us a lot of money.
Having just read that Breibart is dissing McMaster now that Bannon has shown up back there, it may be that Trump recognized something in McMaster that Bannon lacked.  "Breitbart article,  "H.R. McMaster Endorsed Book That Advocates Quran-Kissing Apology Ceremonies," claims that he threw his support behind a book advising U.S. military personnel to avoid desecrating the Quran, so as not to inflame religious tensions with Muslim populations in countries where American troops are deployed. It also quotes a blurb for the book by McMaster, in which he writes that "terrorist organizations use a narrow and irreligious ideology to recruit undereducated and disenfranchised people to their cause."  Just considering McMaster's resume of two Bronze stars, a Silver Star, his history as an Armor Commander in the Battle of 73 Easting, his PhD where he questioned the military's role in Viet Nam under LBJ and McNamara, and the rest of his military history, Bannon is just a mouthy toad in comparison.
Writers that advocate Islamophobia, i.e., SHEEMA KHAN are really soft terrorists who are muzzling freedom of speech. Why Islam cares only for their followers, not all Canadians. STOP worrying about Muslims all over the world and take care of all Canadians. People like you are responsible for young terrorists.
Wonder whether muslims would be happy with you equating them with people with disabilities.
Again with the hateful, dishonest and cowardly comment, from a real hater!!  You're either a complete moron, Islamist in disguise, as many of these terrorist cowards are-hiding in populated areas, hiding behind women/children, hiding in Mosques, hiding in burkas, etc.  It's radical Muslims gunning down everyone, not Christians, Jews, Hindus, etc, FACT!  And too many, possibly ones like you, are quick to challenge others for being at fault; knowing all to well for you to stand as an honorable man and openly denounce these radical atrocities would "surely"  get your little liberal snowflake butt in a whole world of trouble!!  Stand up and be counted and see who really shoots you in the back!!!   And all you do is rattle off your in-tolerant and dishonest opinion; you have to because, while you may shout down my comments you're not able to refute my statements. Because all you have, is how you lived there, so what!!
Yup, islam has *active* commands to kill its enemies.
This is Muslims doing what Muslims do.  Why do they expect anything different from Islam?  Do they not look at history?
The law is the law.  You must be a social justice warrior, go order a gay wedding cake from a Muslim bakery.
The problem is Fundamental Islam. They are commanded to either convert or kill everyone.
Sadly fear is the main card in the republican playbook.  All my life republicans have preached fear.  When I was young, it was fear of the commies, now it is fear of Muslims.  I refuse to be scared.     Now the Donald is actually a  lover  of Russia.   Nothing wrong with this I suppose but it just shows that republicans can give one whip lash.
Hugh: Ali would have looked down on you, and not respected you, unless you yourself are black, heterosexual, married to a black woman, and a Muslim.   If you don't fall into that category, then you would have been a devil in his eyes.  When asked by a BBC reporter about his beliefs that black people should not associate with whites, he said this:  "There are white people who mean right and in their hearts wanna do right. But if 10,000 rattlesnakes were coming down that aisle now, and I had a door that I could shut, and in that 10,000, 1,000 meant right, 1,000 rattlesnakes didn't want to bite me, I knew they were good... Should I let all these rattlesnakes come down, hoping that the thousand get together and form a shield for me? Or should I just close the door and stay safe?"  That is certainly not a man to be admired.  Not in my book.  The fact that his analogy for white people was that they are rattlesnakes says a lot.  What if a white person said that of blacks??
Suggest you check with a Muslim scholar.  You're wrong. It's a fashion imposed by insecure, small-minded, misogynic imbeciles, precisely the type males the progressive world, including our Feminist PM, will shun in a heartbeat. They treat women as chattels, ignore their basic human rights, subjugate them and their daughters from morning to night.  They are barbaric in outlook with scant respect for human life.  Their views toward women are abhorrent.
The Koran contains 109 passages that advocate violence.  Japan bars the Koran and Muslims.  We should do the same.  Islam is not a religion; it is a terrorist organization and the Koran is a terrorist's manifesto.
...because what happened in the 1940s makes it “easier for what is happening to us as Muslims.”  I wasn't aware that innocent Muslims were being sent to internment camps. This must stop! Oh, wait, Naziha Ali says "people watch and stare at you because we’re Muslim". So stink eye is the same as involuntary confinement? How insulting to the Japanese.
We will see articles in the G&M about the bigotry, hatred, and Christianophobia  exhibited, practiced, implemented by Muslims in Muslim dominant countries against non Muslims?  Nah.  I thought so.
"What if she'd held up a bloody fake head of Obama? You think that'd be ok? - jsaturn"   No, it would have been equally disgusting, distasteful, unhumorous - but it still would not have risen to the level of being a crime.    Are you equally outraged at whomever it was who instigated the Portland nutburger with their "message" of anti-Muslim hatred?  More than just 'at least theoretically possible', that guy actually killed people.  I wonder who he listened to and was influenced by ...
Because they have carte blanche from POTUS to be racist and bigoted. My guess is that you are white and not Muslim.
That's not what white supremacists do; they want to overthrow our government, and discriminate against, or worse actions against people of color, gays, Muslims, and Jews. Sound familiar? Hint: Heil Trump (chanted by the white supremacists during Virginia rally).
What's this?  It was the Muslims' own  fault that some deranged jerk attacked their sanctuary in Eugene and threatened to kill them?   The truth is all religions have their good and bad folks, and we need to condemn the actions of the troublemakers and not the whole religion.   No religion is perfectly good nor perfectly bad.  Even the Buddhists, renowned for their tranquility and non-violence, are facing criticism for their mistreatment of the Rohinga  Muslims in  Myanmar (Burma) and the Tamil Hindu in Sri Lanka.  While  too many Muslims do appear to be involved in violence these days lets' remember that the majority of Muslims, as those in our community, are not part of the problem.
Fredrick, I'm sure that by now you and I are the only ones following this comment thread. I rate all comments as "sorta ok" and "civil" also.  Anyway, I mustn't have made my point clear. I don't mean to hint that there is a pro Muslim bias. I'm implying that there is a anti Christian bias. It's no secret that Christianity is fair game, the media and contemporary culture carefully walks on egg shells whenever dealing with issues involving other religions. Don't worry, as soon as the more ignorant members (media/Hollywood/academia) of our society realize that Islam is also monotheistic and is as intolerant (theologically speaking) as is Christianity, they will then attack Islam and Muslims also.
Islam is a mental disease ?
Not saying Islamic terrorism doesn't exist. Even Christian terrorism exists. But what happens in the States isn't on the up & up. The 1st world trade bombing blamed Bin Laden, turns out to been false flag. USS Cole incident, not here, but blamed Bin Laden again, another false flag.  And we're not innocent. We take part. The 2 biggest terrorists in the world are Israel & America. Israel even committed 2 massacres in Qana, Lebanon, Jesus' family village, 1996 & 2004. Now they're blaming Christians. When they're done using US to kill Muslims, Christians will be next. They're very brazen about it all. The Israeli artists left statues of gutless men in WTC as a message, "Americans are gutless cowards who won't do jack." Are they right? We covered up the Liberty incident, in the face of survivors who swore it was intentional. Israel's terrorism is very real and a huge threat to the whole world. They kill Americans so Muslims can be killed. And they call them terrorists! They're real Psychos
If they hadn't murdered or scared off nearly all the non-muslims I suppose it would have been them getting arrested.
""Have you forgoten Okalahoma? Just a good ole country boy. lol""  And are terrorists more likely to come from Muslim countries or from Oklahoma?
Multiculturalism sucks when you're dealing with people who do not assimilate into the culture of the country they moved into, and that describes many Muslims pretty well, and some Hispanics, and fewer still Africans and Asians. The US should not just be some "Open Space", ready to give out square footage to any and all humans who happen to dwell upon the earth and who want to set up shop here with strictly their own culture.  Immigration policies that foster that effect a disaster; it's a recipe for failure, and Europe is learning it the hard way, and we (some of us anyway) are too stupid to absorb the lessons learned.
Hello GRWA,  Not sure why you think your post rebuts what I wrote.  Look, here are two scenarios that, to use your lens, happen in the north:  1. At a clinic, a smart female clinician teaches a smart female trainee in head cover who treat a white man who foolishly and drunkenly tore off his fingers.  2. At a clinic, a smart, white male clinician teaches a smart, white male trainee who treat a native man who foolishly and drunkenly got frostbite staggering outside after heavy drinking.  Look, you can bristle at my post all you like, but this is not about what is "pretty typical" up north, instead this is about what Canada's entertainment industry props forward as its CHOSEN samples of said events.  I suspect my reference to Liitle Mosque went over your head. Watch the first episode: Smart Muslim folks with insight face a bunch of stupid, ignorant white men in Canada. Ha, ha, ha, hardly tiresome political correctness at all (roll eyes).  Political correctness poisons entertainment.
Dylan roof was a mentally ill little scum bag and McVey was likely a cointelpro patsy...it's remarkable that the left's love affair with Islam considering the things Islam stands for are in such stark contrast to liberal western thinking. I think because the left and Islam both oppose Christianity and Americanism it an enemy or their enemies type of thing.
It's a Muslim ban.  Terrorists have nothing to do with it.
I will not vote for Trump (the jerk), I’m voting for the country.  With a vote for anyone but Trump, we’ll be skewered by Hilary which means open borders -& of course no WALL, continued & worsening of Obamacare, more admission of muslims into the country & appointment to high govt. positions, continuation of bad trade deals meaning more economic distress, more weakening of the military, higher taxes, more galloping socialism & 1-worldism, & who can predict what other un-Constitutional horrors.     It's a uniquely devilish situation we have in this election, but Clinton promises us a deeper spin into lawlessness, social misery, threats of terrorism & other foreign aggression .. & who knows what other evils.    We should all hope that Trump sticks to issues of national importance, rather than dealing with personal slurs, accusations & innuendos.     Clinton has taken the lowest road.  Irritating as it is, anyone in Trumps position should show his love of country by taking the high road.
Meanwhile Muslim hatred of the non Muslim gets a free pass. To oppose it would count as hatred after all.
Wow, you have an issue with homophobia  you should really have an issue with Muslims!
Why do Muslim men not have to cover their heads? Why are there no female priests in Catholicism? Why can women not pray at the wailing wall in Jerusalem?  Most religions are not unisex.
What a hypocrite - he said absolutely nothing when his boss (BHO) BOWED to Muslim/Islamic heads of state and other foreign leaders.  The President of the U.S. NEVER bows to anyone!  Oh - sorry I forgot that POS BHO's excuse for bowing was his shoe was untied!  Brennen you are a disgrace and you served your  country dishonorably.  Loser!
Utilitas, you keep insisting that all Trump voters are not racists.  Yet you are saying all Muslims are terrorists.  Do you see a problem here?
THAT WAS MY POINT, DICK. Holy hell. Christians=Muslims. It's all the same.
I think it is just that a Muslim terrorist fits his narrative, while a white one does not.  All in all, pretty pathetic that he plays these games.
Look, a country has to protect itself from rebels. These Sunni rebels probably many from away, armed and attacked the legit government, they need to be stopped not accommodated. I bet if Obama had to do it again he would never had sided with Saudi and supported the Sunni Muslims, it is a recipe for disaster and I think if he had a redo he would never had said the king  of Syria had to go. Well he is not, nor is the King of Qatar, UAE, Saudi, Kuwait, et all and they will defend the right to stay king until every paid Muslim Sunni fighter is dead.
And what would that "common sense" be given that many of these attacks stem from British citizens themselves? Internment camps for Muslims, brissy? Tarring all Muslims with the terrorist brush is beyond counter-productive.  Trump has no "common sense" because he doesn't understand anything nor make the slightest effort to do so. He only makes things worse with his foolish comments.
Hold on one second. Implied "hate" is being slung about like a pizza crust. There's no "hate" implied in a rejection of  the adoption of sharia law. There's no "hate" underpinning a personal concern when a Muslim boards an aircraft, there's no "hate" involved when Canadian rights ("values"?) are rejected in public places. These are quite natural and learned behaviours emanating from the realities of today's world...people of Muslim faith, claiming the certainty of Muslim thought, are perpetrating, in large numbers, the most horrific of possible activities. And there is a dearth of visible, effective Muslim push-back and rejection from the vast majority of Muslim moderates.  I feel quite content in directing some of this imposed guilt back onto the folks whose inaction and whose leaders have done so little in the face of so much terror.
Narrow gene pool and low sperm count we have no energy, guts, or balls to have kids.  But economy needs the young to pay for entitlements that must continue.   So come one come all - we want rustlers, cutthroats, murderers, bounty hunters, desperadoes, mugs, pugs, thugs, nitwits, half-wits, dimwits, vipers, snipers, con men, Indian agents, Mexican bandits, muggers, buggers, bushwhackers, hornswagglers, horse thieves, bull dykes, train robbers, bank robbers, asx kickers, shxt kickers, terrorist, legionnaires, Methodists, Catholics, Muslims ... just sign here and collect your dole. Hopefully, you will end up cleaning our ducts. So what if you do not pay taxes? At least you consume and pay the embedded HST.  Economy needs 300,000+ new per year; last year's quota was not met. Who but from a forsaken land beset by turmoil would come to a piece of ice? Now Americans want to put a wall of Tariffs, lure is even less.  Not 20th century when starving Europe came here with nowhere to go.
Spain will not tolerate these whacko islamic criminals and they will profile.
By those words it seems we could replace patriots with black lives matters, peta, Muslim brotherhood, on and on and on and come to the same conclusion.
see how bs likes it when they drag his boyfriend out in the street and beat him. Lol. Kill non believers, women, children. Proliferate the population and elect a Muslim President. Elect Muslim congressmen.
How many Catholic bishops will make a deal with the devil in exchange for an anti-abortion Supreme court nominee? What deal? Supporting racist and anti-Muslim policies by Trump! The Pro-life movement associated with the Susan B Anthony group have already doused themselves in the Trump Swamp. They have forever weakened and dirtied their message by glorifying the Pussy Grabber in Chief. Many people who may have been supportive of their work will turn away because of their mindless support of the GOP and a man like T rump.
According to the BBC, he ranted that Muslims must die because they've been killing Christians for years. Will this get called a terrorist attack?
Sorry, Krauthammer, when the Tea Baggers started with lunatic attacks on Obama (Muslim, Kenyan, Birthers, etc.), you and your ilk gave a nod and a wink. YOU guy created the atmosphere of hatred and now you are surprised when that hatred finds a "hero". LOL.
It's not absurd to say a philosophy which calls for the death or enslavement of everyone else except Muslims, has an influence. Islam is problematic as a belief system. All the Abrahamic religions are nonsense. STOP SPREADING LIES! I blame the media for giving credence to such nonsense supernatural garbage, clearly not real.
The arrogance of the Australian Prime Minister is ridiculous making a "demand" on his first conversation with President Trump. Just because Obama and John Kerry make a verbal agreement does not bind the new President if it is contrary to a new foreign policy. Iranian refugees make up the largest cohort in both of the Australian-run offshore detention camps, there are also significant Iraqi, Sudanese and Somalian populations. There are a only small number of Syrians. There are 1,900 total in Australian-run offshore detention camps and the 1,250 were all Muslims from the Middle East and North Africa with no papers and no ID - and no idea who they really are.  Why doesn't Australia take them?  The Immigration Restriction Act 1901 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia which limited immigration to Australia and formed the basis of the White Australia policy which excludes all non-Europeans from Australia. Although there is some relaxation, the policy is active.  Now you know the facts.
Maybe the Muslims welcome out of the dark ages as well.
Maybe, as a Muslim, condemn radical Islamic terrorists for starters.
Rather than rant and rave about a non-existent 'Muslim ban', perhaps people should be questioning why so many predominantly Muslim countries are failed states harboring terrorists.
I got banned for a couple of days for posting: "Show me an Imam who says homosexuals, women and Atheists are equal to a Muslim man, and I will show you an Imam with a Fatwa on him". Seemed rather apparent and civil to me...
As I get older, I realize how truly stupid I am.  But I am a Presbyterian and I know this: If I looked back at the last 100 terrorist attacks and found that 95 of them were committed by Presbyterians, it would be painfully clear that there was something dramatically wrong in the Presbyterian church.  I would demand that substantial changes be made, including but not limited to denouncing and eliminating all glorificatrion of violence in scriptures, inscriptions, etc.  I would insist that our preachers declare regularly that anyone who participates in terrorism or supports anyone who does, is a criminal and is going to hell and will be cast out of the church. If this didnt happen, I would abandon the church and become a vocal critic.   In case you think this makes me exceptional, think again.  This makes me normal and civilized.  I know for a fact that the majority of Presbyterians would take the same stand.  Now for one of the many things I dont know:  Why arent moslems doing this?
Spot on Demento !!!!!  Truly the divide between the left and right cant be any further if this is their failed  ideology. Mad Max 2019 cant happen fast enough.  At least this time we wont have to listen to OBAMA on a apology tour.  Yes lonely looser is the perfect word for those who resort to killing children.  The alt left state we have too accept this as a way of life, NEVER !!!!!  If we accept this as a way of life its surrendering, its giving in and its appeasement.  We must all stand strong in solidarity and stamp out radicalized Islam in our schools, in our communities,in our places of worship,. in our prisons and else-ware. We must stop people on terrorist list from leaving the country and training in known terrorist regions.  Even if it takes years and years  we must NEVER NEVER accept this, what ever it takes it must be stamped out !!!
Oh I don't think it will get far but it's ridiculous for people to ignore the pervasiveness of Christianity when ranting about making an allowance for Muslim prayer times in schools.
"...For the sake of all that is good and righteous. Kill them all."  Wow. There is a certain irony to that statement, given that Hitler thought pretty much the same about Jews and other so-called "untermensch". I think the Congressman missed the real point about events like the Holocaust: one must stop such destructive thinking in its tracks before it can do massive damage. Perhaps if the world, or at least if Germans, had responded forcefully to Hitler rather than believing in his message, those ovens would not exist.   We need to look in the mirror in the USA and ask if we are capable of going down such a road ourselves. Categorizing all radicalized Islamists as worthy of death sounds an awful lot like deja vu all over again. Radicalization can be reversed. Indeed, we have less of a problem with radical Islam in the US than in Europe in part because we have not ostracized Muslims.
The biggest mass murderers of history were Christians who killed six million Jews. We also had Christians who killed tens of thousands of Muslims in Bosnia. Are we now to stereotype all Christians on that basis? The purveyors of anti-Muslim hate are insidious disgusting propagandists.
And what of all the conservatives who have killed Muslims or people of color in mass shooting incidents?  It has no bearing on the average person what political leaning or belief system the person held. It doesn't represent the majority.  A helpful narrative would be finding ways for atheists and Christians to come together respectfully and strengthen our shared values, rather than assume that our fellow citizens are complicit in carnage and violence. That's how hate is bred.
People keep rambling on about Islamaphobia, a phobia is an irrational fear. Canadians don't want Canada to turn into the UK or other countries that have had a mass influx of Muslim immigration. So Liberals do some research FFS. Look up Muslim Rape gangs, and read about it. People are so stupid and nieve.
All of the sarcastic remarks about radical Christian extremism are offered in an attempt to get people to think about the fallacy of attributing all violence by committed by Muslims or people loosely connect with Islam to Islamic terrorism.  Christians are responsible for the holocaust and Christians dropped the atom bomb and Christians have exploited people all over the world  using some the most brutal means to to accomplish their goals that the world has ever seen.  Here in Alaska Christians decimated Native populations thru disease and brutality and raped countless children all the while  forcing the Christian god on them.  Christians bombed the federal building in OK.  I am offering this up because if you want to make a case against Christians there is plenty of fodder.  I happen to believe it is a lot more complex than the things I have outlined above.  But never forget there is a strong case to be made against the white devils.  Think about it.
At least progressives don't take an out-and-out hostile line towards Muslims as Harper's Conservatives did and Trump does. Mind you, now Trump's figured out that Sunni Muslims like the Saudis have the money he wants to tap into to sell arms and it's convenient to help the Sunnis exterminate some Shi'ites in Yemen, Bahrain, Iran and parts of SA itself.
Last month it was 3 million illegal voters. Now you've found another two million. We aren't at war with the world's 1.6 billion Muslims, 3.3 million of whom live in the USA. If we at war at all it is with terrorists no matter their religion. To paraphrase Mohammed Ali, the world champion boxer, "I ain't got no argument with them Muslims."   By all means, volunteer for military service in the Middle East and shoot everyone in sight. Maybe that would make you feel better about yourself, though I can't see how.   I'm not ranting about how Trump colluded with Russians to interfere with our election. I'll wait for solid proof, which may not be forthcoming, although Putin supposedly has photos of Trump at an orgy with naked Russian prostitutes. Frankly, Trump is a fool a liar and a cheat and the US should be ashamed that he's our president. I stand by my statement that anyone who supports him is a fool waiting for his pockets to be picked. But you won't even notice, or admit it if you do.
trump is wrong.  many of the terrorism in America caused by mulims were American muslims who were radicalized from overseas muslims; they were not recent immigrants.  trump says anything even if untrue, a pathological liar and not to be trusted.
Trump is a breath of fresh air from the dumbed down Dem /Lib  economics of  politically correct losers. Sunny ways as the Islamic movement invades advancing their agenda to take over. Never mind it is the religion of dictatorial sharia law, killing infidels by hanging and head slicing off, and chopping off body parts if you disobey sharia law. Go Trump ! .
Merkel takes a page out of the selfie shiny pony playbook by stalling for hours and withholding information about this obvious terrorist attack and similarities to France. Any viewer,outside of our politically correct Muslim and Communist China sellout leaders, would have recognized this style of attack immediately. And yes, the blood of all our citizens being killed is going to be on the lame brained shiny ponies and little potatoes of the world who don't have the decency to protect their own citizens!
At least those who remain vigilant and value their home won't get their heads chopped off and put on display :) I'm good with that. How about you? You go ahead and invite into your home some radical Islam men and see how well that goes for you. Let me know. I'm doing an article on it. Wait, you won't be able to since after being raped and beaten, by Sharia law, they can then kill you. Have fun with that.
I presume no charges were laid because he has returned to Jordan where he lives.  Note that the Muslim Council of Montreal spoke out strongly against him.  Very few charges of hate speech are laid in Canada.  I'm in favour of laying them whether against people like this or nativist bigots, but it rarely happens.
"We need to talk about Islamophobia"  Yawn, how long does this silly talk last, 2000 years or so? .....Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
What ????  Truly get a grip, the lack of humanity exhibited by terrorist organizations associated with Muslims is horrific, rape , torture, burning gays, throwing people from roof tops to cheering crowds , sex slaves and on and on.   Fake news I'm sure!!!!!  One would almost think you support these atrocities with your constant denial of facts.
Where Islam goes, blood flows.
The sentiments expressed by Margaret are typical of her gender. It's just evolutionary biology in action. The Globe and Mail will always call anyone with legitimate concerns of Islam "racist, bigot, Islamaphobe, xenophobe, etc etc etc". The real racists, sexists and homophobes are Muslims themselves and they'll openly admit that. It's in their holy book (the true word of god) after all.   Muslims should not be able to pray in schools. End of story. Accommodating a religion that hates western values is ridiculous. Everything about Islam is anti-West. Women have no rights, gays are killed, leaving the religion is punishable by death. At some point you have to say no, we will not accommodate this religion. Islam should be banned from Canada all together. Islam = terrorism. That's a fact anywhere in the world that Islam goes.
Easily proven false.  US authorities have for months warned that ALOT more people in the US die every year from white supremecists than Muslim terrorists.  And guess what the tactics are becoming the same.  All of it is wrong.  We must denounce all of it.  Neither is better or worse, if you focus on one and not the other you're soft on terror and don't truly believe what you claim.
It is appropriate that the state with the greatest ethnic diversity -- the Aloha State -- is the first to challenge Trump's new executive order, which still embodies his unconstitutional discriminatory campaign promise to ban all Muslims from entering the US and doesn't make Americans any safer from terrorism.
Wouldn't that defeat the whole purpose of the term "alt-right"?  The term began as a catch-all for a mainly Internet-based melange of traditional liberals, libertarians, and conservatives who oppose the accelerating influence of the authoritarian left (itself a melange of radical leftists, radical feminists, Communists, pro-Islamist, pro-censorship, college activist types). It's purpose has been to delegitimize non-authoritarian forms of liberalism and their concerns (e.g.: civil liberties and human rights, anti-authoritarianism, anti-globalization, pro-labour, legal due process, media skepticism, free exchange in the marketplace of ideas) by associating them with authoritarian right-wing ideologies like white supremacy, Neo-Nazism, Islamophobia, etc.    I get why you would think that you're "calling a spade a spade" by refusing to use the term "alt-right", but the whole point of it is to slyly associate liberalism with Neo-Nazism without courting libel.
How wrong art thou?  Let me count the ways:  (1) I'm an 'Ahmed', not a 'Judah'  (2) And you offer yet another example of what my dear friend, returned to his Lord eight years now, once observed--no people make a greater show of their 'humility' than so-called 'Christians'  (3) And none so frequently--and falsely--claim 'persecution'  (4) One who admonishes keeping God's Law while failing to do so is not only a hypocrite, he embraces arrogance--"Anna khairum min'hum; I'm BETTER than him".  Satan first uttered that blasphemous fallacy before God Himself  (5) I'm a staunch critic of both the Zionist entity and Da'esh (wrongly called 'Islamic State'--there's nothing Islamic about them).  I've denounced the Sa'ud family--their ideological and financial backers--in Minah, Saudi Arabia, and was threatened with death for it.  Can you say the same?  (6) To paraphrase Sidney Portier: "ASSUME" makes an A$$ of U, not ME  (7) eindama yunaqish rajul maequl, fazt--eindama yunaqish al'ahmaq, afqad
Yeah, 500 wounded, 59 dead and this is not the time to wonder when it is my turn , my families and friends turn to be out in and killed by one man from a hotel window on the upper floor story. Now if it was a Muslim terrorist who killed 59 Americans and shot up another 500 while praying to Allah and seeking all those virgins after he committed suicide you would be with the rest of the wingers and Trump saying "I told you so"  and using this event for the biggest Ant-Muslim campaign since 9/11 and turn it on from all news media outlets and twitter before the bodies of the victims were even removed. In fact some right wing news media started on the Muslim terrorists attack when the event was still going on. They were hoping... it was not some old rich white since dude that does not play into their narrative.
I'd say that what the European experience really  shows us is that massive intake of muslims into a country is a bad idea.
There are Muslims who ran under the Conservative party and one was elected in the last election. Stop embarrassing yourself.
It is a tough issue.  Trump's campaign rallies are hives of violence and bigotry.  His campaign is supported by the KKK and numerous anti-immigration hate groups.  When he and his supporters embrace such racist ideals it is difficult to say that a "Students for Trump" club is much different than the "Anti-Muslim" club or a "He Man Woman Haters Club".  Trump's campaign events are closer to a hate rally than a political rally.  You have to draw the line somewhere.  Trump needs to draw the line, but he so far has refused to do so.   The voice of love needs to be louder than the voice of hate.
It seems these Muslim immigrants have proven Trump right. Riots my to prove you're not violent is about as absurd as you can get.
Trump’s ‘Good Muslim, Bad Muslim’ False Divide  https://www.juancole.com/2017/06/trumps-muslim-divide.html  Trump defined whole groups of people as barbarians, and those who profit off the destruction and death of those people as civilized beacons of peace and goodness. This isn’t some new, miraculously un-Islamophobic Trump.   Just because his speechwriters know how to modify his word choice doesn’t change the hateful, violent, dangerous, anti-Muslim message that calls for the destruction of entire communities.
The robot censor seems disinclined to accept some harsh truths, but let's try again:  Why is it that despite 70% of serial killers and 80-90% of child molesters and mass-shooters being white, most white Americans are fixated on BLACK crime?  Perhaps its related to a long-perpetuated double-standard that when black or brown (or Muslim) criminals commit crimes, it's held up as a reflection on their entire communities, whereas when white criminals do so, it's only a reflection on said criminals themselves.  And that in turn seems predicated on a widely held and nearly as frequently denied assumption that was first voiced by satan, when his Creator demanded he explain why he refused to make humble himself before 'Adam as he was commanded: "Anna khairum min'hum--I'm BETTER than him." (Qur'an, Suratul-A'raf, Ayaa 11-12)
So John, you're saying that the prosecution of any of those "twisted people" was only done a Christian judiciary? That there were no Jews, Muslims, atheists, Buddhists, or followers of other religions involved, only Christians? That's a bit hard to believe isn't it?  However your post actually proves my point. No doubt many of the prosecutors had some affiliation to the Christian faith. Therefore no one could claim that Christians are "twisted people" who murder abortion providers. Islam is no different, there is no basis to assert that all Muslims are terrorists just because of the actions of a small fundamentalist subset.
These typical Muslim essays are meant to continue to soften the liberal progressive and weak underbelly of Western civilization. Most Canadians do not have a problem with Leitche's "problematic" values test. The only people who have a problem with a values test are those who do not, and will not, share Canadian values. I would not support (more tax dollars here) the government "devoting resources" to promote "equity and inclusion". This is more double speak, propaganda to support the acceptance of cultural/religious enclaves. More softening of Canadians to accept the unacceptable.  Canadians do not need to pay more taxes to exacerbate the suppression of Islam criticism. We do not need more speech and thought suppression to shut Canadians up about what they rightly perceive to be a radical undemocratic, unmodern and supremacist  ideology. If Muslims want love they need to start to integrate into Canadian society. Send your kid to violin classes with Asian kid and Jews and Infidels.
Muslims and liberals excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe and America, destructive iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Quada are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by trolls.
He asked for a sunni muslim lawyer. Where the hell does he think he is? He's in a western country not a muslim one. Thank-you to the court for turning him down.
These intolerance's are about disgust. Nazi's were disgusted by the Jews. Muslims are disgusted by infidels. In Canada many Christians are disgusted by drug users, sex before marriage, gays even free speech. Religion breeds narcissism and disgust for the 'other.' Putting people in prison because they disgust you is not much different then violence against them. Of course, we should be disgusted by genuine crimes and violence and even look at the mirror we hold up for others.
Muslims and liberals excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe and America, destructive iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Quada are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump.
The problem with Islam is that it's false religion. Allah is Lucifer.
I was wondering what was going on in Town then I seen Al-chipmunk-Gore & Black Muslim Obama, and knew the world must be coming to a end. [ Now if you want to learn Science start reading books and listen to what your Scientist say.]
I just don't get the idea of an American coming to the aid of a Muslim. I don't even want to be in the same train car as someone wearing a hijab. I gotta say that.  And as others have said, playing hero with a wacky criminal unless your life or that of your family, etc. is in danger is dumb.
So in your view the members of the White Victims Club aren't foolish, childish and intolerant? The people who want to deport the Muslims and build a wall around Mexico? I guess if you think those mooks and broads are the paragons of reason, I can understand you taking offense at dirty leftist plebs disrupting the high-minded discourse that was surely about to take place.  I have to disagree though with the idea that Trumpism is somehow any different from old school conservative-style scapegoating, but for the veneer of brass and marble and bad hair. I see the same mentality as usual: Blame the worlds problems on society's weakest members and then rush to claim the mantle of victimhood when confronted in any way for having terrible ideas and hair. Only this time, instead of having a rich white guy as their leader, it's a rich white guy with a New York accent! Way to mix it up guys!
Not True...but let's roll with your statement and modify it to reflect our past President: "President" Obama is an apologist of "Black Lives Matter" and violent racism toward Whites and also LE; as well as an apologist of Muslim Terrorists. He is un-American and an intensely disgusting person. He shames all Americans and soils American democratic institutions. His presence in government denigrates the nation." Yes...Sooo True.
Oh so Oklahoma City was the government's fault? Lol! When Muslims commit terrorism they're terrorists. When Christians commit terrorism they're mentally ill. You're a joke.
They need to arrest Obama for treason against the US, for allowing illegals into this country, and to allow them to stay.  He is a Muslim scum and a traitor!!!! Hang him high!!!
Then why did they endorse him??  He did just what he said he would: Ban Muslims.  Kind of late for complaining.
First, any Breitbart article should be deemed suspect. Second, the author clearly misunderstood what Francis was saying. He was not saying that there are no Muslim terrorists, he was saying that there is no such thing as "Muslim terrorism", any more than there is "Christian terrorism".
It is based on religious discrimination.  Terrorists are not coming in from 6 Muslim countries to experience massive and lengthy vetting.  The danger to us is from folks right here, including white nationalists and embittered citizens with one gripe or another.
Translation - I hate that Muslim terrorist, so the judge must be wrong.
Wrong. Muslim isn't a race so how can it be 'racist'? It is a lawful and appropriate  operating procedure that US CBP does secondary inspection on those born in or families from countries such as Pakistan or Saudi. In addition folks who are argumentative or jerks get the same treatment which is likely the case here.
The motive is pretty clear, they hate anyone who is not like them and want to wipe every non-muslim from the planet.
This is an excellent example of Islam-phobia on the opposite end:  cannot comprehend the school board’s decision to provide a place for Muslim Friday Prayer: to make peace or for fear of no peace? This is a clear of preferential treatment, not in the name of diversity, tolerance, or loving and care. The school board pushed every other religion out of school property, only the Muslim remains. Not a fair decision. It is a shoe-shining decision: customers sat high on a chair and put his foot between the lowly shiner’s legs for some service. Shiner will get paid for satisfactory service, or get a kick between the legs for bad service.  It is more humiliating than kowtow.
I don't see Christians in the Islamic world, blowing themselves up, and murdering Muslims in the process.
Nor does Trump's travel ban target Malaysia (61.3% Muslim), Indonesia (87.2% Muslim), Kazakhstan (70.2% Muslims) and Bangladesh (86% Muslims), Uzbekistan (79% Muslim), Kyrgyzstan (80% Muslim), Tajikistan (95% Muslim) and Turkmenistan (89% Muslim).  So, Chin's argument is not just silly, it is stupid.
I'm not a liberal but thanks for the assumption. So as a business owner, it is my right to not let a trans people, black people or muslims or ? use the restroom?   If I am an individual business owner, I should be able to dictate who uses my restrooms. What about redheads? Those people are weird for sure!
"and all the other groups of Muslims in many countries around the world , that want to destroy Jews, Christians and non believers"   that would be all of islam
Obviously an act of terrorism but I guess that term is reserved only for Muslims. The hypocrisy is astounding.
Are you high??? Selling someone a cake?  Refusing to sell some a cake because it is for a gay wedding is no different from selling someone a cake because it is for a mixed race wedding or a Muslim wedding or any other kind of wedding.  IT IS DISCRIMINATION!  Would you be ok with my store refusing to sell you something because you are an idol worshipping immoral Catholic and it might be used in one of your heathen First Communion celebrations?  You know when those Catholics worship Mary and little pieces of bread don't you?
What was that racist chant that I heard at the so-called hate free march.  Yes,  I believe it was BLACK lives matter.   Not ALL lives matter, not Arab lives matter, not muslim lives matter,   not transgender or homosexual lives matter.  Just BLACK lives matter.  There is also offense taken if you insist on ALL lives matter.   Tell me again about racism.   Blacks can exclude whites or any other group from their gatherings, but let whites try to exclude blacks from a gathering and cries of racism  ring out from coast to coast.  Tell me again about racism.  Blacks can riot and yell racist chants, but nary a word is said.  Let all blacks be nominated for an award and it is cheered as diversity, let the same group nominate all whites and it is racist.   Now I have no problem with all black gatherings or all black nominations as long as it goes both ways.
Spare me the pathetically transparent commercials.  "Israel" is a state so utterly 'race'/identity-obsessed it murders its own CHILDREN for being the wrong "color", that treats Arab and Ethiopian JEWS as 2nd-class citizens (don't ask about Muslims and Christians), and that dumped blood donated by the Falashas because it wasn't considered 'pure' enough to be used to treat Ashkenaziim, and that openly practices housing and educational discrimination--except when the TV cameras come round.  In that last it does somewhat resemble its hypocritical white-supremacist 'patron', the USA.  Further it is a non-theocratic yet self-proclaimed JEWISH state that in which full privileges are reserved for European--Ashkenazi--Jews; and concerning the Arabs it treads upon, it is no more and no less than an APARTHEID state so oppressive and tyrannical that Bishop Desmond Tutu and the late Nelson Mandela both said it was worse than the apartheid they themselves endured.  Khalas.
I am gay and an atheist. According to Islam, I deserve to be punished by death.  Therefore it is natural I am afraid of this ideology, ie, Islamophobe.
An Imam who teaches at Ryerson was caught preaching the extermination of Jews. Why wouldn't  we be concerned if  If young Muslim teenagers  believe Jews should be killed and pray for it in school, too.
I don't know what Muslims have to fear. They're the ones who keep slaughtering other people.
There's his being Kenyan, and Muslim, and...ahh...Benghazi!
You obviously missed my point which is if we hold all Muslims responsible for the violence of the radicals, shouldn't we do the same to Christians that spew hatred and violence?
New travel ban makes sense to me. If the Country cannot provide relevant information they should not be allowed to enter, Muslim or otherwise.
muslims calling out colonialism???give me a break  this is a bunch of miserable people making racist and sexist demands.
"“...There is no more evidence than (that) you being run by an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is,” he said in a recording released on Tuesday on messaging network Telegram." =============== I'm convinced that, if a poll was to be conducted, it would likely show that a surprisingly large number of people around the world share the above feeling independently of their religion or ethnic background.
The only troll is Azira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion.
What a bunch of crap ever since we had a Black Muslim President from Kenya for 8 yrs. These jerks trying to follow the Jive Man ways. { Oh it is o'kay a male can go into a woman rest-room, It is okay to use drugs, all the bull crap he spread thru our nation some people are still trying follow  his ways. Enough is Enough People back our old respectful ways of America.
Are you on drugs or simply ignorant? This motion has nothing to do with sharia law. FYI, there is not a single Islamic country that has proper sharia law implemented. Not even Saudi Arabia. In fact, Saudi Arabia is probably the worse representation of Sharia. In response to this motion, Canadians were holding signs they will burn mosques? making hateful videos abusing Iqra, abusing Islam, attacking mosques? Blocking people to enter mosque on Friday? This motion was easily passed due to all these hateful acts.
While I condemn violence against women in all its forms, no matter who the perpetrators are, there is a major difference between men who commit violence against women in the west, as compared to violence committed against women in Islam. For one, men who abuse women in the west, do it alone, there is not generally family members involved.  In fact, the evidence shows that a man who is abusive tries to isolate the woman from family & friends in order to hide the abuse & emotional manipulation.  In Islam, as your article has pointed out, family members are complicit in the abuse & murder & have no issues with carrying out the acts, even mothers of the girls.  Women in Islam who report abuse are shunned by their families & communities, are the ones blamed for causing the aggression in the first place. In the west, the taking of a life is murder no matter what the reason & punished accordingly. Islam does not recognize murder of women because it is their fault for "shaming" the family.
This writer is like many advocates twenty years ago in Europe. Armed with assumptions and wishful thinking they were able to push a mass Muslim immigration agenda. And it worked... for a time. And then, the Islamic community reached a certain specific gravity within the European populations and started asking for "accommodations". The rest is history. Are we really this stupid to repeat their mistakes in the name of some "my Canada" nonsense? Poll after poll tell us clearly how Canadians feel about this issue. We are not racist, we don't hate Muslims. But. We resent people who are not interested in joining the Canadian family, do not respect our values and reject integration into our society. Perhaps, they would be happier somewhere else.
If the LV Gunman had been shouting Allahu Akbar  you would be telling us he had nothing to do with islam and that it was not terrorism, just as you did when Omar Mateen killed 50 LGBT person in Orlando. But he was white middle class American  so you do all you can to label him a terrorist.
Ok so are we not thinking "Another Muslim has gone off the deep end"?  We can't say it because it isn't PC. I find ISIS wannabe's not PC. When are we going to wake up and realize that we need to ban Muslims and everything Muslim related? The very basis for radicalized Muslims is .... drum roll ..... prepare to be shocked .... Muslim. If we had Catholics or Mormons producing radicalized zealots that were killing people all over the world we would be all over removing these threats! Religious freedom is not a pass for radicals to commit mass murder! Have we not learned anything from history and the dangers of religion? The Muslim community needs to immediately take a long hard look at their beliefs, their practices and find the root cause that THOUSANDS of Muslims are confusing Allah and mass murder as acceptable way to go to Heaven. The direct correlation is in front of us. Until Muslims figure this out, then ban the religion until this is resolved. Their religion doesn't trump safety!
Typical liberals!  Do nothing to fight islamic terrorism, but lots of money to execute innocent children!  Scum of the earth!
Regarding the practice of child sacrifice in Africa -- doesn't Christianity promote this false idea that there is a god or spirit that must be appeased with a human sacrifice? According to the Book of Hebrews 7:27, 9:26, etc., Jesus is the one and only sacrifice,  a man who offers himself as a human sacrifice to Yahweh.   But the Jews have it right, and also the Muslims, as they know Yahweh did not accept Abraham's human sacrifice of Issac, and God abhors human sacrifice, and God would never accept a human sacrifice, not even the sacrifice of a Jesus. God has no need for a human sacrifice.  A human sacrifice is an abomination. I suspect that Muslims and Jews are immune to Christianity because they know this fact about human sacrifice -- God abhors it.  Islam may be the solution to this problem of child sacrifice. Either that or adequate law enforcement
How can you compare Japanese and Muslims. Japan attacked military targets only, Extremist Muslims attack innocent civilians with bombs and chop their heads off if they refuse to convert and join their jihad. Japanese should be insulted by such comparisons.
Yes, but Catholic don't impose their crazy beliefs on others. Muslim extremists do. Charlie Hebdo, for example.
You neglected to mention "MUSLIM".  Was there a reason?  If he had called 911 and screamed his allegiance to Jesus, I'm certain you would have emphasized it.  Am I right?  Why would any woman sympathize with Islam, Bill Clinton or Bill Cosby..... all womanizers?
Nice definition. "The irrational fear of Muslims." There is nothing irrational about fearing Muslims. Nor is there anything irrational about criticizing or disliking Islam. It is a contemptible religion that has supremacist aspirations. It promotes the hatred of, killing, taxing, converting of Jews and Infidels, it supports and encourages the killing of apostates or blasphemers and it has proven itself resistant to forces of assimilation, which stable societies require. Talk to Canadians about this again when Islam reforms. Until then, all of these Globe puff pieces remain lies and propaganda.
So what does taking vans and running over Muslims accomplish? Israelis (or their predecessors) and Palestinians (or their predecessors have been settling scores with each other for a hundred years. Are they any closer to peace? Indians and Pakistanis have been settling scores for roughly 70 years, even having dueling underground nuclear tests ("my explosion was bigger than yours"). Are they any closer to peace? I damage your temple. You damage my mosque. You shoot up my bar mitzvah dinner. I burn your houses, including children, to the ground. Are we happy yet?
Your true agenda is that superiority attitude I see among "Christian" white males  What is that "Traditional value", was it whites live here and blacks live there.  Was it I'm a Christian and your a Muslim, and your religion isn't REALLY a religion.  Was it I'm not gay so I'm better than you, and if your gay your a sinner? Your superior attitude was tried by a country called Germany.  Didn't work.
lol Joe who? Pathetic....what's worse than the lame duck do nothing Obama? Now you know ,and on the taxpayers 'dime' yet! Totally meaningless and useless trip from a former U.S. administration  discredited and mocked on the world stage. Something worse than Joe who? I guess having a little potato and Communist China sellout as a leader....when not flooding the country with future Muslim terrorists. A few more months until President Trump gets his little potato masher out for the airhead and bubble brained 'leadership' in this former great country!
Outright Islamophobia.   Trudeau's hypocrisy is truly shocking.
Clearly such a politically-motivated article, intended to elicit sympathy for only Muslims. What it doesnt say, quite intentionally, is that 2/3 of hate crimes are committed against Jews, who represent less the 1% of Canada's population, and that the majority of these crimes are committed by Muslims.
I have the same right to be afraid of Islamism as I have to be afraid of Nazism - both are ideologies that seek genocide of other peoples and races.  However, I am not aware of any living German who has expressed it their moral duty to fulfil their dead leader's objectives. For the most part Nazism died with Hitler.  On the other hand, Islam professes that every living Muslim has the moral duty to fulfil their dead leader's objectives.
If your daughter had been blown up by one your answer would be yes but if you are far removed, as we are in Canada your answer is no. Regardless, we must put an end to this Islamist madness.
Time to ban Islam from all western countries.
What is a significant waste of time and money is the Chump insisting to force his Muslim ban into effect. Two strikes and the Chumpmobile is still stuck in reverse. I think we should all agree that his presidency has been a great SUCKCESS so far. Time to get some real work done and impeach the bum.
Note that neither you nor your Mother Jones article substantiate Moss Dulet's claim that "Muslim men have been committing huge numbers of rapes since Sweden made the mistake of admitting so many members of a 'rape culture' into their country."  The Overall Crime Rates By Area Of Origin cited has crime rates of immigrants from South America in the same range (15% - 20%) as those from South Central Asia, East Africa and the Middle East (old stats).  And the more recent stats on Offences Against Individual Persons essentially unchanged since 2005.  Try again?
Trump is also banning immigrants from 5-6 muslim based countries. Good for him, we need someone to seriously reconsider our immigration policies
Good analysis, Sarasi. I agree about the Muslim example. I think he uses it to rile up the base. What worries me most about him is his complete narcissism and his ignorance of history.
This clown Bishop McElroy along with quite a few others apparently, just doesn't get it:  A Muslim's primary purpose in life to to exterminate Christians, or anyone else who doesn't think like them.  Sweden is now the rape capitol of Europe and second in the world in rapes per capita, all thanks to the Muslim invaders.  They don't think like we do.  They do not share our values.  They have no respect for women, the environment, animals, or human life.  McElroy is naive and a fool.  Hopefully Darwins principle removes him from the picture because what he preaches is cultural and religious suicide.  A war is coming over the fate of the earth - Islam or Christianity.  We all need to pick which side we want to be on and quit consorting with the enemy.
Euphemism, obfuscation, overstatement, cliché:  "Addressing illegal immigration"- "until the issue of Muslim terrorists are addressed"- "equating Trump to Hitler"- "shameless grossly misrepresent," "deluded tripe," "fearmongering drivel," regurgitating lies," "herded mindless sheep"
Hello Observer,  It is fascinating that you raise the fact that the book was written about thirty years ago, because your observation actually strengthens (not weakens) my commentary.  Think about it. Another book that came out about thirty years ago (written in 1990, a few years after 1985's Handmaid's Tale) was Tom Clancy's "Sum of All Fears".  Clancy's fictional novel was about nasty, scary Islamist terrorists getting hold of an atomic bomb and turning the world upside down.  So, what did our arts community do the moment they decided to bring Clancy's novel of thirty years ago to the screen?  Answer: They removed all references to Islam and Muhammad and Muslims and, after a proper scrubbing, voila, the nasty, scary terrorists were suddenly replaced by nasty, scary Christian neo-Nazis getting their hands on an atom bomb! Yay!  Sorry, but the identification I made, of a double standard, cannot be wafted away by hand-wringing over a thirty year time scale. Nice try, though...
I want every Muslim out of my,   and western countries ..   I do not care anymore...   Call your MPs....Call your government representatives ..     Its time to take a stand...!!   Call me islam phobic....  But I care about your kids who call me that and wonder what type of future they are having to grow up in??     This political correctness ignorance has gone on long enough!!!    It may have worked before 2012....   But now,  you can just go fly a kite!!     I want these ignorant people gone!!!!  PERIOD!!!!!      If the government dose not start doing something......  The people just might....... RED DAWN STYLE!
Again, much truth in this article, but very one sided. I spent many years in the middle east and there are some questions that need to be answered, and while these to not pertain to all Muslims,  they are prevalent enough to impact the societies they have settled in. What to do with immigrants that flatly refuse to adapt to the local culture (combine this with how women purposefully are forbidden to learn the language or even associate with the local culture and it's people)? How do we deal with the radical reactions when it comes to criticism of their religion (think the Muhammed cartoons) What about the priority of law...secular law versus religious based law? Whom should adapt to whom?  Are there haters of Muslims in Western country spurred on by media? Absolutely...the reverse is true for us "infidels" to tho. One idiot driving a truck does not signify a wave of western hate, as little as a knife wielding extremist represents all Muslims.
9/11 was almost sixteen years ago.  If this was about making the US safe, then we should have banned people from these specific countries right after 9/11 when it would have made sense.  It didn't make sense and the Bush administration wasn't full of bigots who hated immigrants like the Trumpkins.  In fact, Bush went out of his way to make sure that Americans didn't blame all Muslims and I betcha that because of that there were less hate crimes against Muslims right after the attacks.  So try again.  There is no clear and present threat from five-year-olds from Iran and grandmas from Iraq.  This is about giving people who don't even have a passport and probably didn't even know Yemen was a country a scapegoat to assuage their dumb and irrational fears about terrorism.
Let's totally ignore the attacks on Canadians by Muslim extremists though. When one Canadian commits a hate crime against Muslims all Canadians are indicted in the eyes of the left.
Well, at least the Russians are white, for heaven's sakes.  I'd rather have to live next to a nice white drunk Russian than a black Muslim Kenyan whose children's names are Satanic anagrams.
So basically all people from Muslim countries can stay, while ones from Christian countries are sent away.  What a screwed up country we've become.
No matter how you slice it, Islam n Moslems are not compatible with western values. You wanna call me racist, Islamophobic and .... But that's the truth. As for head/ face/ body cover by moslem women, it is 1) a dark age practice ,2) imposed by moslem men due to the fact the women are possessions.
Pretty efficient at stopping those redneck white guy terrorists (a good thing), homegrown islamist terrorists; not so much.
She needs to call Doug Chin for help. Sorry I forgot he only helps Muslim criminals, she could change her religion.
Muslims and liberals excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe. Israel, and America. Islam's destructive iconoclasm is destroying historic treasures across the ME: in just one year Notre Dame in Paris has had three close call bomb threats. They even have Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Qaeda are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. It is worse than anything expressed in the west,
Let's fac it .  The Dutch have reason to be less than thrilled to be swarmed by Muslim immigrants. The new comers have been violent, demanding and damaging to the otherwise tolerant fabric of Dutch society. Everybody but Muslims  get along and it happens everywhere. The gays of Amsterdam  are particularly unsafe, being attacked and assaulted by Muslim men enforcing sharia law.  Theo van Gogh was a gay man defending his right to live as such, and not some fascist right wing monster, as Islamic apologists would have you think.
I generally agree with the article but want to point out that Christians are being persecuted by Muslims in some (most/all?) Moslem majority countries.  Turkey is an example. Last year the Turkish government wanted to ban Christmas (whether it actually did, I can't remember, but it was on the agenda). The highlight of the Christian faith is banned!  Can you imagine if it was even on the agenda that Canada would ban Ramadan?
Tell that to an angry Muslim mob my ignorant poster
What you "implied" is that races other than Middle Eastern (i.e., Caucasian) Muslims attack and radicalize all the time, or at least often enough to warrant comment.  That narrative is simply fact-free.
The reality is, who ran the black slave trade? The whites? Hardly.  Who owned all the boats? Who introduced abortion, crime, aids , drugs into black communities? Whites? Think again  Why did Israel deport 70K black Hebrews? Some say the real Hebrews are the black Americans.  Blacks aren't thugs, gangsters, criminals, and whites aren't against them.  In fact I would say we embrace black culture.  Blessed to have known great blacks, funny, great musicians and there is something magical about a Black Christian women, child, God's children.    But then who are the Devil's children?  Black brothers, the worst thing possible is a divide and conquer strategy.  I don't like Islam per se, but a know a lot of Muslims who are great as well and they have had their countries destroyed for the Greater Project for Zion.    9/11, the catalyst, whatever happened to the 5 dancing Israelis?  Who really hates America? USS Liberty? Who owns the Federal Reserve? The corrupt biased Media? The Devil is here
FACT: NOT ALL MUSLIMS ARE TERRORISTS, BUT ALL TERRORISTS ARE MUSLIM.
Homosexuality in Islam is punishable by death.  So is being an infidel.
Because these are the ones he could get away with.  It was a ham handed gesture to give hicks in Bubble, Arkansas some sort of reassurance that they are doing something to get rid of those brown Muslim people I don't like and who I think are going to go around and force convert everyone or whatever fake news these types believe.
I forgot. Only Muslims and immigrants are responsible for all wrong-doing by any other member of their demographic....
When Muslims slaughter Europeans we are expected to accept it with grace, patience and understanding. Tell them to do the same and stop this taqiyya that they are so much more special than we are.
"The worst crimes of all have been committed by al qaeda, ISIL, al shabaab, boko haram et cetera, against Sunni and Shiia Muslims, a point not lost on Muslims, but beyond the grasp of the liberal-left of the west."  You're going to have to parse that for me. Please explain how a prima facie discriminatory ban against all Muslims from seven countries is somehow justified by the fact that terrorist extremists also perpetrate violence against Muslims from the two largest sects?
Let me try to help out the trolls here: This crime is NOT about the muslim ban, the NRA, Donald Trump, Barak Obama or the Easter Bunny.   It is about some loser killing his significant other. May she rest in peace and may he rot in hell.   So sad that this happens so often in my state ...
Interesting... To me, it is surprising how much the feminist contingent of the regressive left "stand with islam" despite their absurd treatment of women.
Yay, Trump! Like most people when they get to know individual stories, he can see these girls as humans instead of a threatening Muslim monolith. Sadly, it takes a media spotlight to do the right thing. We need to stop with the broad-brush painting of all Muslims as some sort of subhuman enemy that needs to be exterminated.
So far, only Ms. Demboski has targeted a neighbor and focused hate on them.  Statistically you'd be far better off with a single Muslim terrorist living near by. Yes, you can be confident she probably won't ever target you.  White crackers that show love aren't on her radar.  Supposedly this is a country where you can differ politically, but you guys don't seem to like that part of it.
What the establishment media needs to come to grips with is a President who shares some views with about half the country: Uncontrolled immigration of low skilled, poorly educated people is unacceptable, Most terrorism is by Muslims and its hard to tell the radicals from the sane ones, Israel is a vibrant democracy in a region that is typically anything but that and deserves our support, the government takeover of the insurance industry was a bad idea and has doomed a free-market approach to health insurance, government regulations have stifled our economy and is leading us down the same failed path that Socialists have already traveled on their way to the bottom, and the establishment mainstream media can't be relied on to report facts without liberal spin to the nth degree. And by the way, President Trump is crazy...like a Fox.
A Muslim follower of Islam just recently attacked, shot, maimed and killed many foreign national people, including a Canadian woman, at a nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey. Muslim terrorists also recently killed a Canadian woman in Jordan.  Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslims  have claimed influence and responsibility for the attacks.  That's interesting. The Trudeau Canadian government has allowed at least 60 Muslims to return to Canada who have been helping Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslim terrorists in the Middle East.  And Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslim terrorists have called on followers of Islam to use any means to attack innocent people in western societies including Canada and al Shabaab Muslim terrorists in Somalia have called on followers of Islam in the U.S.A. and Canada to attack people in soft targets like shopping malls.  We've had Islamic jihadist attacks and killings in Canada already.. I guess Canada and Canadians should get ready for more.
Murderers don’t represent islam any more than pedophile priests represent the catholic church
phobia is a fear of heights or water. Religion is a set of ideas. Anti-semitism another term that is odd, semites are Hebrews and Arabs its a language group therefore its not correct. Anti-Jewish yes, anti-Muslim correct. All these other catch phrases manufactured by the elite just dont have the facts to back up these silly slogans.
Judge Derrick Watson &  Attorney General Doug Chin are glory hounds, nothing more, nothing less. They are working to promote their future political careers at the expense of the security of our country and her people. They are left wing clowns that are looking for maximum exposure, confident that the liberal 9th circuit court will uphold their idiotic decree.   Regardless of what happens with this, our country has already been compromised likely with hundreds of 'sleeper' agents that have been entering our country for decades, the same ones that work to at promoting their evil cause to weak minded American citizens. Trump is trying to slow the flow of Islamic hypocrites flowing into our country. For some reason the truth hurts liberals, likely something to do with the fact that lying is part of their nature. Sadly when those with the idea to harm us finally set their plan in motion, it will be too late to do anything about it and thousands of Americans will suffer...
Calm down liberals.  Trump isn't going to trample on women's rights, civil rights, gay rights, or implement slavery........after all..... he isn't practicing radical islam.
Another stab at milking the "post truth" cow, as the fake news phenom suffers its well deserved slow death rattle. I fail to see what the relevance of the comments about Tim Hortons coffee drinkers and some percieved slights against Muslims has to do with the so called argument put forth. Most reasonable people would agree that spending $100 a month of a limited yet government supplied budget on Timmies is a bit much. However like those who continually suck from the public teat, those in organizations such as the council of muslims want it not only both ways, but in every way that serve their purpose only.
It's islam that is sowing division by constantly segregating itself from society! Just look at all the islamic no go zones appearing in western countries!
Time for western governments to become seriously intolerant about all Islamic schools mosques cultural institutions and individuals that do not explicitly embrace pacifism and religious tolerance towards non Muslims.  The time for diversity ideology is over. We can not tolerate sleeping killers in our midst.
Whether that is true is the point on which our foreign policy turns.  I believe your statement is true, and that the majority of Muslims, because of culture (a terribly backward one) and religion (a terribly intolerant one) are natural enemies of the West, and would like nothing better than to see Satan --- the West --- destroyed. Many Americans on the left are so self-loathing that they actually do hate America, and will not allow themselves to recognize the truth of what I just said. For example, look at the American Left's brand of feminism. If a man so much as looks at a woman in a bikini contest, he's a loathsome pig who "objectives" women.  Fair enough.  But where are the voices of these women against the culture of Islam, where women would be literally stoned for working at Hooters?  Silence.  They didn;t even raise their voices against one of the most sexist pigs ever: Bill Clinton. The American Left is one of the most incoherent political forces ever to grace Western politics.
This guy's been watching too much Western reality TV "documentaries" or else he's just regurgitating the current "white guys are unprecedented evil" theme.  I'd say Islamic headcutters in the Middle East and Islamic child and woman kidnappers in Africa (to name just the first two that come readily to mind) make these guys look like college kids.
Israel is why the Muslims learned to hate us.  60 years of Israel stealing land,water,money,ports,airport,freedom from the Palestinians is totally wrong & makes them look like gestapo!
All these idiots for muslim rule should be shipped out so they can live the 'good' life over there.  Talk about stupid people.  Notice one think in all these demonstrations, they have their faces covered......lmao.....cowards.
There is a very significant backlash in Europe against the wearing of face covering. Initially it was just a few women (the argument made here) but over the past 25 years it has increased exponentially. The problem is that Islam is not a religion where any compromise is possible. It is impossible to question Islamic doctrine (and questioning carries very severe penalties) thus it is a religion that is incapable of evolving. If Muslims were interested in compromise they would ditch the niqab and promote the hijab. So why continue to cling to this awful piece of misogynistic clothing that shuts off women from the world? Please tell me... the vast majority of Canadians are comfortable with the hijab but we reject the niqab as completely contrary to western ideals of equality. It denigrates and debases women. So why fight for its use??
Seems very odd how much time and effort the left invests in defending Muslim terrorism.
Wherever Islam takes root there are problems. No other religion. Just Islam. Evil religion. Unsuited for civilized nations.
Notey is obviously more concerned with garnering the votes of Muslim men than she is with the liberation of oppressed Muslim women.  Cynical.
So embarrassing....'Obama was born ín Kenya'....'Obama wiretapped Trump Tower'....'I saw thousands of Muslims cheering in New Jersey on 9/11'....'CONFEVE'..... And there are no ramifications whatsoever for this garbage....!!! Please let justice be swift, severe, devastating, and painful....
Because a few are lunatics, you would punish all? The vast majority of immigrants, whether they came here "either yesterday or twenty years ago," are law-abiding, productive citizens.  In my city neighbourhood, there are Muslim bank tellers, Asian fishmongers, Asian greengrocers, a French computer repair guy, Korean dry cleaners, a Bosnian watch repair fellow, a Hungarian chef, an Egyptian chef and some Greek chefs, Sri Lankan restaurant owners, an Italian clothing store owner, a Libyan barber,  ... Should all of these people who contribute to their community have been barred from the country because some people are extremists?
The Left, Political Correctness stuff is looking more and more like some new religion where the Human is God, his wants and actions not to be questioned (as long as they are certain humans, anyway.  For instance, seals get kicked the curb the first time someone with a brown face says "but I can make money killing that.")    Maybe the Left should ask itself WHY Islam and Muslims are so unpopular, and look past the "must love them just because they are human" propaganda.
Islamic countries do not function without a ruthless dictator connected to the all powerful imams. The kurds can be eradicated now.
Agirl, is there any conspiracy theory that you don't buy into? The one you parrot this time is straight from Alex Jones, the Infowars sleazebag who makes his living off of gullible fools. I suppose you also believe the Sandy Hook massacre was faked, too? As for the "dancing Israelis", that's as true as Trump's "cheering Muslims". That must have been a sight, Israelis and Muslims dancing around the smoldering ashes of the Twin Towers! A sight indeed, Jews and Arabs getting together over a disaster!  Have you heard of Occam's razor? It says the simplest explanation for an event is usually the true one. The 9/11 attacks were certainly a conspiracy, carried out by mostly Saudi citizens, planned by the Saudi Osama bin Laden.  There's room for only one Alex Jones. Your conspiracy theories won't take you far in life.
Jules Bailey would have us overlook his church's discriminatory policies simply because he says he disagrees with them.  And anyway, "we're family", as if it's just his crazy Uncle Imago Dei in the attic.  Mr. Baily's religion is his private business.  Nonetheless, as a candidate "running to be a mayor for everybody", the organizations he chooses to join are a very valid indicator of his beliefs and values.  (Jules, there are hundreds of churches which do not deny civil rights to the LBGT community.  Did you even look?)  Portlanders care deeply when a mayoral candidate chooses to join an organization which denies civil rights to any group.  What if Mr. Bailey chose to join an organization which denied civil rights to blacks?  Women? Moslems?   As they say, Mr. Bailey, "you can choose your friends but you can't choose your family." In this case, you have chosen to affiliate yourself with "family" which denies the LBGT community full civil rights. Portland voters will not overlook this.
Love the Muslim terrorists and open the borders to everyone!  Got it.  Thanks Pope Francis, we'll get right on that.
Muslims cannot emigrate to Japan
We, non-Muslim or non-Religious people, should come together to oppose the motion, to stop Islam spreading in Canada.
Some muslims support terrorism, most do not. Just as white suppremists terrorists and the KKK claim Christen values.
Don’t get me started on the medical industry, the pharmaceutical industry.  Those trump firearms by a large margin...  and for anyone researching, most firearms deaths are self-inflicted suicides.  It’s a culture issue, not a gun issue.  Do you think a “waiting period” to rent a Home Depot teuck would have prevented the NY massacre?!?...  Funny how when a Muslim terrorists kills people in the name of Allah they say “Don’t blame all Muslims.”  But when a crazy oerson kills people it’s “We need to take away all guns from law abiding citizens.”
Show me any Imam that says homosexuals, women, and Atheists are equal to Muslim men...and I'll show you an Imam with a Fatwa on him...
Muslim isn't a race
What a despicable, filthy post. Apparently the murderer did support Sanders -- but he was also a White Nationalist and an anti-Muslim bigot. However, apart from his political or religious views, or his emotional and mental problems, what kind of person gloats about the murders and the murderer? A truly filthy, despicable post. http://www.denverpost.com/2017/05/27/portland-train-murder-suspect-white-nationalist/
islam and muslims have a dimmer view of gays and women, but, unlike milo, they practice what  they preach. as far as i know, milo has not incited violence, promoted hatred, or acted against the groups he rails against. the market cut him down, which is difficult to do with legislation. he did leave us with one good quote that the snowflakes should remember: "f... your feelings."  that said, I am glad he's gone.
I don't hear a great deal of condemnation from the Muslim community. Until they start to criticise the attacks loudly and demand a stop there should be no more immigration.
Show your facts.   No screening would be going backward from today's screening, you're delusional.       I'm not concerned that Hillary would make homosexulaity a crime, or allow American Muslims to discriminate against women or gays.   If they live in this country then they follow American Civil law, she has never suggested otherwise.  You on the other hand supported businesses that discriminate against gay people based on their Christian religion.     http://www.dictionary.com/browse/hypocrite
Commenting to say what, exactly?  The bigoted right-wing mob will rally around their collective fear and stupidity with their ultracepidarian attacks on ordinary Muslims, while sane people will express their sorrow. What new do you had to say?
Note to Liberals: Bringing up the existence of Trump to in an attempt to shut up dissent about your insane immigration policies and your frantic rush to bring in Muslim refugees is pretty pathetic and insulting to anyone of intelligence.
You think it is bad now?! You must listen to mainstream media that tells you nothing. Within the last month in Europe two incidents occurred both involving prepubescent boys and they both occurred in public swimming pools and they were both committed by Muslim immigrants who are doing A LOT more damage to Europe than some homeless pot smokers by the river who for the most part mind their own business.  One of the incidents involved a boy being raped because the migrant had a "sexual emergency". Google it! Oh, and don't forget last New Years Eve in Cologne, Germany when over 1,900 women were sexually assaulted. The list goes on and on and the stories of the war on Western culture by Islam come out in multiples daily. Oh, but I am probably going to be labeled prejudiced or hateful against a group of people who have proven themselves to be a cancer in every society they enter.  When this comes here, you will miss those non-violent drunks. Europe is toast and Islam want to toast us too!!
Seeing as Dylan "The Psychotic" Roof is being portrayed by the MSM (and this idiotic poster) as "acting for all Whites", these Muslim attackers should be held as "acting for all Muslims". Nice to see that the Liberal censorship brigade is out in full force, today!
Taqiyya (taqiya, taqiyah, taqiyyah) is a form of Islamic deception. The Quran (16:106 and 3:28) allows Muslims to lie in order to protect themselves or to protect the Muslim community.
Actually, islamophobia is muslim bigotry.  It exposes  hateful bigots.  Muslims are not victims at all. The rest of the world is victim to the muslim ideology and bigotry.Why so many murders in the name of islam.   32,000 terrorist attacks by muslims?  That's pure hate.
Christians who have kiled are not acting in accordance with their faith and the teachings of our Lord. They are actually going against the commands of the faith and are committing grave sins. However, Muslims who commit murder and terror  are doing so in accordance with their faith and following the commands of their prophet. That's the difference. You should get your head out of the sand and educate yourself.
For every one of these WASP lunatics who goes after Islamists, there seem to be a dozen who are going to Syria to fight with IS, spreading propaganda, or actually commit a terrorist act. Let's be serious, Osborne is not a terrorist, he is a nutter who belongs in the loonie bin, not a focused plotter of fear with no discernible political goals. For all we know, Osborne could have been in dire straits, gotten flipped off by a Muslim, and totally lost it as a result, deciding to mow down a couple of perceived enemies.
Do you get out of your basement much?  Trudeau has denounced radical Islam countless times.  Wow,  your hate is eating your brain.
Boots>  You really are a "jerk!"  All you do is spout about "fear, fear and more fear."  Isn't it that you're the one who is actually afraid of the muslims?  C'mon own up, you're just a chicken s__t.?  You so scared of the Russians, Chinese, and also the Iranians and N. Koreans, too?  Preach the fear card.  Ha ha ha!  Got your number now.  Have a nice day!
Oh, for God's sake, pork is not a protected class. You really stretched your imagination to come up with that one.   Honestly, I've not seen Muslims' refusing service to gays.  The Muslims I know have no problem with gays.  It's their governments that are homophobic.  I cannot believe the number of gays in Tehran!
"Trump advocated divisive politics of identity — he raised racial and ethical tensions and inflamed passions against imagined enemies — Mexican immigrants, Chinese exporters, Muslim refugees."  Trump's rise is based on white supremacy.  Trump's bad guy is always some non-white boogeyman.  It is the duty of every American and Christian to publicly stand up against this racist tide.  People in Europe had the opportunity in the 12920s and 30s and failed.   What will history say about us?
Yes, refugees and immigrants must be vetted.  It might stop incidents like this happening...  "Idaho family of child raped by Muslim migrants treated like “criminals” by police and media" - https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/07/idaho-family-of-child-raped-by-muslim-migrants-treated-like-criminals-by-police-and-media  Pay attention to the states. No one saw Trump's win coming. Don't underestimate the undercurrent of people's views in Canada...mostly silent, but there. And growing.  Pay attention to our comments.
We should put a ban on mainland visitors who want to live here and for sending people to our beautiful state.  These guys are more dangerous then the Muslims.  I'm calling the President.
Once again the shameless grossly misrepresent what Trump has stated. Addressing illegal immigration is shamelessly called racist. A temporary ban on Muslims entering the country until the issue of Muslim terrorists are addressed is labeled islamophobic. What staggering hypocrisy to call others deluded when your penning such deluded tripe equating Trump to Hitler through pathological lies. There's plenty to dislike of Trump without fearmongering drivel. That liberals keep regurgitating these lies shows how easily they are herded like mindless sheep.
the next thing Muslims will request to use the speakers and blast through out the days to all the Infidels, the non-believers. You know what happen if you put all these young people to pray 5 times a day, wasting their precious life? You have a bunch of lazy, dumb and hateful people. How many scientists or science breakthrough are from Muslim majority countries? Saudi? Yemen? Afghanistan?  If praying works, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran,... should be The BEST, Most Peaceful and Advance countries on earth. They are not. Religion is like masturbating, you do it in your private place and not disturbing other human being. WTF.
FACT:  Islam condemns homosexuality and it is punishable by death.
But you hate Muslims!
Al-Salaam alaykum wa Rah'matullahi wa Barakatu: here's how it works: If an individual Muslim, black person, or Mexican does something wrong, their behavior magically reflects on ALL Muslims, black people or Mexicans. If a white guy does something wrong, it only reflects on HIM. Not the entire white 'community'.  This is why these arrogant, self-entitled white supremacists (a more accurate term than merely 'racist') will defend ANY state-sponsored murder by a cop, no matter the circumstances, as 'justified' because 'so many black people are criminals' according to them. But these same hypocrites remain utterly SILENT when it's pointed out that 79% of mass-shooters and 80% of child molesters are white.  White percentage in the overall population is only 62.5%.  They're disproportionately represented among mass-murderers and child molesters.  Eh.  That seems fairly consistent with white American history and culture, so not really surprising.
Trudeau needs to own this pathetic mess of division politics. This is a lot of money to buy a few liberal votes. I think he got a better deal when he bought the muslim vote for 10.5m.
I know Martel was the general who won the Battle of Tours and killed the muslim leader in 732 - that isn't what I asked. Did you chose his name for yourself because you're calling for another war against muslims?
And then claim that dog on your income taxes as a dependent!  (I know, people already have done that; but after your prediction comes true it will be legal!)  I'm looking forward to legalization of  polygamy (Islamists will require it)  so you will be able to  claim multiple spouses on your income taxes.  Instant deductions!
It's almost certainly ISIS or other Islamist terrorists.  A nightclub = booze + fun; Nightclub on the European side of Istanbul; Nightclub frequented by foreigners.  ISIS and other Islamists hate Europeans, booze and people having a good time.
Islam was spread by the sword...so blaming colonialism for Islamic terrorism is just absurd. The Quran specifically advocates violence against non-believers as legitimate.
Give me a break, these terrorists have been killing more muslims than people of any other faith. They follow a nihilistic belief system that does not represent the beliefs of the overwhelming majority of muslims. Their war is against anyone who does not follow their contorted logic.
“The Enemy Isn’t Religion, It’s Homophobia”.  I disagree, Todd.  My great grandfather was Muslim via Morocco.  The alleged shooter was a Radical Muslim who slaughtered innocent people -- gays, transgenders, and straights. He even gunned down a mother of 11 or 12 children. He spared no one.  Harsh but these homophobic murderous Radical Muslims must be exterminated before they slaughter my gay fam and friends. When more of these homophobic murderous Radical Muslims who want all gays and transgenders to be dead return, they must be exterminated too. #LGBTQFlorida
Patwant Singh I noticed that you disagreed with my post, two down. That surprised me seeing the nature of your post. What I am saying is Canada sent troops to Afghanistan and they killed Muslims Muslims/Muslim supporters in Ottawa killed Canadians The same with Germany, France, Britain, Spain. They all attacked Muslims before they were attacked.  The US had been interfering with Muslim countries in the Middle East since WW2. Arabs and the US exchanged blows and then 911.   If all those countries had not attacked Muslim countries would Muslims be attacking those countries?
Islam.  The root of every one of these terrorist murders against the West, Christians,  Christianity, freedom, and Jesus Christ.
How come Muslims are allowed to wear those rags on their head?
LOL "it is more alarming that the current administration is refusing to acknowledge that white nationalist extremists are a major domestic terrorist threat.”  What a joke.  Crazy Muslims way more of a problem world wide to boot.
Wow ... It's a take on Hitler's speech to the German people after his ascendancy - the same themes, ideas, proposed actions, beliefs and the strident exceptionalism. And Muslims take the place of the Jews in our new "post truth" age.  Frightening - and a terrible harbinger for the future.
"Israel" is a state so utterly 'race'/identity-obsessed it murders its own CHILDREN for being the wrong "color", that treats Arab and Ethiopian JEWS as 2nd-class citizens (don't ask about Muslims and Christians), and that dumped blood donated by the Falashas because it wasn't considered 'pure' enough to be used to treat Ashkenaziim, and that openly and unapologetically practices housing and education discrimination--except when the TV cameras come around. In that last it does resemble its hypocritical white-supremacist 'patron', the United States. Further it is a non-theocratic yet self-proclaimed "Jewish" state in which full privileges are reserved exclusively for European--Ashkenazi--Jews; and concerning the Arabs it treads on, it is no more and no less than an APARTHEID state so oppressive and tyrannical that Bishop Desmond Tutu and the late Nelson Mandela both said it was worse than the apartheid they themselves endured. Khalas.
http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/it-takes-village-idiot-thanks-donald-trump-president-may-be-chosen-fourth-grade#.WBY7Gs2DiPM.facebook It Takes a Village Idiot: Thanks to Donald Trump, the President May Be Chosen by a Fourth-Grade Mentality If we elect a presidential candidate who speaks and thinks on a fourth-grade level, what does that say about us? Trump campaign message: “Let’s build a wall to keep out the bad guys.” To a fourth-grader, this makes a lot of sense. But to anyone beyond the fourth-grade level who thinks just a step or two beneath the surface, building a massive wall on the Mexican border is utterly ridiculous. “Let’s ban all Muslims from entering America.” To a fourth-grader, this may make sense.  But anyone with a fully-formed adult brain knows that this proposal is preposterous and much worse. Examples of Trump’s childish simplicities go on and on.  Trump is  a known racist and I have friends out in the rural villages who would vote for him.
There are an awful lot of rotten things about Trump, and the evidence is in his own words...or do you think "left wing sheep" made up the bit about grabbing pu**y, about seeing "thousands" of Muslims cheering 9/11, about accusing the Mexican Government of sending rapists, about his mad claim that "millions" of illegal votes were cast?  Perhaps it's the Trumpanistas going "baa, baa".
Especially in Trump states, but generally in the US as a whole, those receiving Medicaid are 41% white in all states combined, 25% Hispanic, 22% black. 98% of Medicaid recipients are white in Idaho; 93% in West Virginia, 76% white in Kentucky, the state of Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul; and 60% in Minnesota and Nebraska. Whites receive 60% or more of Medicaid in 18 states.  So "them" isn't getting the "welfare", "us", meaning whites, is getting it.  What makes whites into terrorists is the sheer endless number of hate crimes against minorities whether by race, religion or sexual orientation. Except for 9/11, Muslims from our citizens or from abroad commit relatively few terrorist attacks compared to our white citizens. It doesn't help to deny the truth. Hate crimes are terrorism.
I'm reasonably certain that you don't really believe that the people running our government are Democrats and Republicans. There's a reason that they encourage division among the proletariat.   The rich are doing all they can to ensure that if major shooting starts, it will be upon mosques, Muslim neighborhoods, Black neighborhoods, Mexican neighborhoods.  You don't have a list?
When you invite the murderer into your house why are you surprised he kills? Unfettered, zero- vetted hundreds of thousands of Muslim invaders who have been targeting Western Christian lands and people for over 1,400 years and they are surprised they will be killed, raped and maimed? Some times you have to wonder if the STASI in the GDR  needs to be reinvented to protect the average German citizen in the unified Republic of Germany.
Macron was for open borders to let muslim refugees come on in to his country they already had muslim jihadist killing people in France, Le Pen wanted to close the borders and stop the muslim terrorist from coming in to france with the refugees, so you know what you French people your going to get what you deserve, more lax security and terrorist attacks.
Oz  Islamists kill more Muslims, homosexuals, repress and genitally mutilate  more women than do all other peoples put together. Islamists terrorize and for the purpose of media & internet coverage behead, burn and torture other Muslims who are considered to 'liberal', Jews and 'Westerners'. Is it 'phobic' to be afraid of these people? Is it irrational fear 'radical' mullahs in Canada, the USA, the UK and continental Europe who preach and encourage this form of hate? How many Jews in Canada or Israel  behead and burn, are homophobic, etc?  German so-called 'Christians' killed 6 million Jews in WWII - or are you a Holocaust denier? Where's the parallel? Or are you also an "anti-Zionist" (code for anti-Jew). I say anti-Jew rather than anti-Semitic because Arabs are Semites. Or are you a naive pup like Trudeau or worse, a willing fellow-traveller like one of the other more active SJW apologists who posts regularly on this forum?
You are demanding facts from me?😀😀 Again, as usual, you don't read and/or understand what you respond to.   Where exactly were the millions of Muslims marching worldwide? Where were the diplomatic notes and protests, the demands for apology, the fatwahs, the demands for punishing those who insulted Islam? Where were all these when Muslim people in the name of Islam commit these hatefilled crimes? If Islam is as much a religion of peace as it is claimed, then such heinous acts  should be considered as the greatest insult to Islam. So, where is the worldwide outrage?  You say there were protests.... Where? When? Some FACTS pleas! 😀😀  And, no, I am not interested in the one or two comments ... I am interested in the millions of people's reactions, standing up to protect the honour of their religion, just as they did after the cartoons were published.   Oh... they did just mainstream US media did not report on it? Well, point me to ANY media, then!
Afghans may not have attacked Canada but they sure attacked women  and girls burning down schools and denying them an education and basic human rights.  .  You are right,  Muslims are the victims , the ones that are female.  Is that the"entirely different light" you support?
Muslims killing muslims?  The quentisential win-win situation. Who say's there's no GOD?
"men dressed as nuns"  When will we see young gay Muslim men participating in the Pride Parade dressed in the feminine religious garb of their own religion?
Democrats have given millions of US jobs to illegal aliens and are now importing thousands of young Syrian Muslim males who, under Sharia law, treat women like dogs, believe homosexuality is punishable by death, and that all "infidels" must convert to Islam or die.  If illegal immigrants can find work so easily in America, why can't young black males?  Maybe Paul Scott knows.  Why would any woman, black or LGBT vote for a Democrat?  Along with the Kennedy brothers, Bill Clinton is among the biggest womanizers in American history.
You are suggesting that there are a huge number of female Muslim misogynists.
The funniest part is when you try to explain to these CHINOs the role of the Islamic Jesus in the Muslim faith.    Talk about heads exploding!
Fake scandals, fake news created by fake reporters of fake news outlets to distract low information, low IQ voters (Democrats) from the real crimes of The HillBilly Clintons, Barack "Insane" Hussein Obama, James "Leakey" Comey, Loretta "Oughta Be" Lynch(ed), Huma "Muslim Brotherhood" Abedin, Anthony "Sex Offender" Weiner and God knows who else.
They want a bunch if Islamist  tyranny states that  execute gays, conduct genocide on  other religions  and stone women ,  to help their claims of maltreatment in Canada.
Technology can be your best friend as well as your worst. Yes, it's hard to run an airport when the human cog is the weakest. How come nobody prepared for the event that a backup power source might not work? Did anyone think to make a 2nd power backup system? For a possible terror disruption? I always back up my back up drives and have two backup batteries. The extra costs have been paid back a few times. Failures to do so is way more expensive. Funny that in the end after the power problem is fixed, it will take the original human mind to correct all the mistakes and get the system back to function. this will be a challenge because Indians with their crazy accents have replaced the more expensive British experts. Glad I'm not in the airport business. Glad I already visited London in 2012 just before and after the Olympics and Queen's Diamond Jubilee . Really wonderful city. Super nice Brits. Now more crowded and dangerous with crazy Muslims.
Evan they are too blinded by their hatred of Obama for cutting the deficit in half, lowering violent crime rates, increasing the number of insured, and not starting any new wars of imperial conquest.   They are blinded by the dog whistles, or overt whistles, the Trump campaign blows giving credence to their ignorant, racist pining for a wall to tower over our southern border, and an illogical, impossible ban on Muslims entering the country.   They are so quick to support their messianic cheeto blowhard they cannot bear to accept transparently obvious and valid criticisms.   They are the sad, angry, confused masses looking for someone to blame. They are the German peoples of the 1930s creeping towards oblivion.   But the best thing, is that they are going to wake up November 5th and wonder what train just ran them over. The best thing is that the sociopath wont prepare a concession speech, and may not even make one off the cuff as he storms back to the reality TV hell that birthed him.
To care about women is to condemn Islam. As a Christian I do not believe in slavery. A moslem finds justification for slavery in the Koran. "You can enslave for sex and work Qur’an 4:3, 4:24, 5:89, 33: 50, 58:3, 70:30". Calling people Islamophobic , only shows that the name caller is totally unfamiliar with the KORAN. I care about women so I must reject the Koran which states, "You will need 4 Muslim male witnesses to prove a rape.Qur’an 24:4".  Of course, those who chose to opine on that which they do not know, have that right in America. Or maybe Islam supporters want to own slaves and abuse women. It is understandable that many agree with the Idea that "You can beat sex slaves, work slaves and wives. Qur’an 4:34".  Personally though, find those practices abhorrent.
The Huffington Post took the correct approach by publishing a disclaimer: " Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S."  It really ought add a little to that:Trump suffers from narcisstic personality disorder, antisocial personality disorder ,bipolar mood disorder and ADHD. He also has some form of delusional thought disorder or paranoia. trump is insane.
Open borders=Israeli ideology to push out all muslims so they can land grab for their biblical lands and turn entire earth into a planet of no nations except for israel.
Boyle is lying.  The Taliban is lying. The Liberal government is lying. The news coverage is lying. We all know we are being duped because we know the truth is worse. Omar Khadr and his Islamic Terrorist family, along with this man, and his wife, have the dearest sympathies of Trudeau. They  will cheat Canadians and reward their own malfeasance with lavish reparations as if Canada owes them it.
It should be noted that, of all the followers of belief systems, Muslims seem to be the most homosexual phobic. - yet Trudeau grovels on his belly to pander to the Muslim vote - it will backfire as Muslims are not pleased with Trudeau making a spectacle of himself at Pride Parades, supporting pro-choice, gay marriage etc -
The difference between a motion like M-103 and legislation is easily explainable.  One is primarily for purposes of discussion and debate; the other sets legal rules and standards.  If what you mean is that some people will never grasp the difference between the two, I (sadly) have to agree with you.  At least where the topic is hatred of muslims.
Israel is to be the site of the second coming, specifically Jerusalem.  This is why the Evangelicals support Israel as strongly as the do.  They have to protect Jesus' landing pad until Jesus lands and they get to obliterate all Muslims....and whoever else won't bend the knee.
We cannot stop progress? He means Europe becoming the next Caliphate?  Idiot.  Merkel is criminally insane. She declared multiculturalism a disaster 4-5 years ago, and now she is taking almost 1 million unassimilable Muslims per year.   She will do more long term damage to Europe than Hitler and Stalin combined. (Unless you consider Postmodernism a creation of the Stalinist left, and thus the source of our sickness)
"Why would any woman sympathize with Islam, Bill Clinton or Bill Cosby….. all womanizers?" Islam, Democrat, black. Are there any other womanizers of note?
No. It's that not all immigrants are terrorists, just like not all citizens are. If you want to ban all Muslims--and you do--you need to ban all citizens. I think all Republicans should be banned. Bad for America, big league.
So brown racism,  black racism are better?  Ever see another race or ethnicity working on a farm,  other than Hispanic?  Ever manage a farm in white racist Oregon? Where did the fruit tramps,  the Okies and Arkies go?  What became of them?   Ever  have to physically separate the Mexicans from the Laos people,   who the Mexicans call "Chinitos" ,  their slang for any Asian.   Dare you practice free speech in Dearborne,  Michigan,  and set up a curbside Christian soap box?  You tough enough to keep the muslims from beating you senseless in Dearborne,  you infidel!   Washington DC's city council is passing a regulation to make sure that African Americans own most of the weed outlets,  because right now,  whites have put  up the money,  made the investment,  to sell weed to  Americans in Washington DC. and only one outlet is African American owned.    That's racism by government in our Nation's Capitol.   "Diversity" is the code word, dog whistle,   for reverse racism,  sexism by the left.
The writer lies when he states that the Left has a "new passion for promoting Islam in the West". It is a lie because the Left has never promulgated religion - any religion. They are  asking people to follow the law of the land, which according to the Charter  rightly allows for people to have the freedom to choose whether to follow a religion or not. Period.  Pretending that allowing people freedom of choice is promoting Islam is  the way the Right Wing creates false narratives which  directly  target people's emotional responses rather than Reason.  Begone:  your tactic is a sham!
Because Christians don't strap bombs to kids and women and blow themselves up.  Look at all the mass killings and the one thing in common...Muslims.
The only troll is Azira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion.  3rd  posting.
Yes! I, a deplorable, basement-dwelling, bucket of idiot, b@st@rdized Catholic, needy Latino, everyday American Black super predator, Muslim ne’er-do-well sand Negro, shall vote for Clinton. She shall unite us all — just like she promised at the convention! I know that the Russians are trying to rig our elections by telling everyone how we tried to rig our elections. It does not matter that Bill turned the White House into a brothel, lied to Congress, and was disbarred for perjury, then had to make a nearly $1,000,000 settlement. Bill is not running for president; his enabler is. There is no story here!
He actually isn't. He is a comedian. Listen to his videos. Read what we has to say. He does NOT hate Jews and his supporters and listeners know that.  The only hardcore anti semites in the modern world are radical Muslims.
Are our women ashamed to have hair, therefore have to cover it? Deranged Muslims say so.
"Trudeau was portrayed by the Harper Conservatives as too young. The Conservatives ran relentless television ads saying he was “just not ready."  They turned out to be right on the money. A young man who won for his last name only. Not ready then, not ready now. Where's is he anyway, last time I knew he was traveling all over Europe, handing out huge amounts of canadian money, to  dubious feminist, gay and muslim causes. Where's he now?
People acting in the name of religion often do violent and terrible things---Does that mean religion should be outlawed?  No---just the religion of those people who've gotten their butts kicked in the Middle East for 50 years, like Mossadegh's Iran, and everyone else who wanted to nationalize their oil...I wonder why they hate us?    We keep knocking over governments while talking turkey with brutal dictators---the right ones, that is---Until the Islamic State or the Taliban comes in to fill the vacuum, and we get an enemy we can sell to the American public for the next fifty years, and a broad brush to paint Islam.  Oh, don't worry, because it's the other party's fault---Now everything will be better with the same old guys pulling the strings, and we can direct our righteous hate at the Muslims, because Muslim=terrorist, right?    Oh, you're going to get tired of winning...
What is wrong with people? I am sure there are Muslim people using hate speech but that should be prosecuted as well as hate speech against Muslims. There is absolutely no reason to stop a twenty year old religious accommodation because some hateful person says something bad.
Bottom line here:  Islam isn't trusted, so a Muslim-only cemetery is suspect.  No explanation needed for this lack of trust.  Most people know the 'why'.
DC, I'll let the Koran speak for itself on homosexuality:  https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/quran/homosexuality.aspx "Islam goes beyond merely disapproving of homosexuality. Sharia teaches that homosexuality is a vile form of fornication, punishable by death."  As far as your insinuation goes about others posting, I find it reprehensible.
To be perfectly clear:  Are more mainstream Muslims saying things against radical Islamist killers? Or are they not?  Is the mainstream media only reporting the vile Muslims or not?  Or are mainstream Muslims primarily sitting on their hands while the radical Islamists rape, murder, and pillage and thus define the Muslim faith that way?
Oh but they think they are enlightened, so does the media...........time for a few of them to look at a truth based, not politically corrected revisionist history book.   Muslims are still murdering Christians and other faiths just because they are not Muslim.  They still repress their women.   Not as innocent and worthy of over the top fighting for as they think.
I am angered that the religion of Islam and their terrorism of the Quran is destroying the peace, safety, and lives of innocents around the world including the little children included . At least trump has the balls to try to do something about it!
Ha, yes, I see what you did there!  Interesting how when it's a white guy we focus on the individual's circumstances, but let it be a black person or muslim or pacific islander, and it's instantly "all those people . . . "
I accept the settlement for Omar Khadr. He was a child-soldier, Guantanamo is an outrage, and the Canadian govt was complicit in Mr Khadr's mistreatment (torture). The Canadian govt screwed-up.  However, I hope this settlement doesn't in any way lessen the outrage about the fact that, according to CSIS, hundreds of Canadian Muslims have traveled to Syria in recent years to join ISIS and other Islamist terrorists.  The only justice these Canadian terrorists deserve is to be killed on the battlefields in Syria.  They certainly must not be allowed to sneak back into Canada.
Old world order is alive but unwell because of mass-immigration of Muslims and others from wretched countries bringing with them their wretched culture.
Muslims excoriate us about alleged Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia,  iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects like ISIS, Taliban and AlQuada are the root causes of all the civil war raging across the Muslin world.  Already, Muslims have tried to blow up some of the great historical monuments of Europe, including Notre Dame in Paris, but we are not to speak of such things lest we offend Muslims.   Former PM Steven Harper had to face actual death threats from Islamist Muslims in Canada  twice but.... shhhh..... lets not say anything about it.
Nice try! False equivalency.   First, what is "alt-left" except a made-up term by those desperate for excuses for the alt-right.   Second, funny, but I haven't heard "lefties" suggest that segments of the population -- namely, African Americans, Jews, Muslims, oh, and women -- need to be exterminated or segregated.   The only thing that decent Americans want segregated is The Orange Creature, which needs to be caged and periodically tarred and feathered.
What is the point of this opinion piece?  Islamophobia is a as great a problem as Islamic extremism? The west, while professedly anti-racist, is a seething cauldron of intolerance?  While the writer rightly condemns acts of intolerance she overlooks the bigger picture. The fact of the matter is that while many intolerant people live in Europe and North America (no one has yet found a way to idiot proof a society) those regions of the world are the most tolerant in history. The fact she quotes figures released by the Lord Mayor of London, a Muslim, suggests that religious and ethnic minorities can do quite well for themselves in the racist hell hole of modern day Britain.  Moreover, Muslim immigrants, like it or not, hail from among the most intolerant countries in the world. How are the Jewish and LGBT minorities faring in the Muslim world? I suspect that they would give their eye teeth if their countries had the level of intolerance the author complains of in the UK.
You're right. Your being called rascist and Islamophobic has nothing to do with the shootings. It has everything to do with your characterization of all Muslims as intolerant.
This disgusts me. There are paramilitary groups organizing against mosques across the country. Muslims were murdered in a mosque in Quebec city. This political shift is opportunistic, racist and intolerant. Make no mistake. And trolls can eat the newsprint version of the G&M.
As a white male who's Great Grandfather fought in the 2nd World War, against the Germans, how do i reconcile this statement?  "We must realize that our party's most powerful weapon is racial tensions. By propounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by whites, we can mold them to the program of the Communist Party. In America we will aim for subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro minority against the whites, we will endeavor to instill in the whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negroes. We will aid the Negroes to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige, the Negro will be able to intermarry with the whites and begin a process which will deliver America to our cause."  -1912 Israel Cohen  And there are plenty more from prominent rabbi's.  How many young white men have died for lie after lie? 9/11? Muslim terrorists in a cave ?
Yet call out all Muslims for the acts of a few will get you pilloried.   So why is it okay to smear an entire religion over these few idiots?  Or is this because it's okay to bash Christian sects?
With the fear of Syrian/Muslim refugees entering the US, the pro-refugee/immigrant supporters have been using Vietnamese as the positive model example to let them in since Vietnamese and their descendants have adapted very well and contributed to US society in such a short time (doctors, lawyers, astronaut(s), scientists, etc.) . I think Mr. Stewart was trying to dispel the facts about Vietnamese refugees with ignorance and use it as a platform to not support (Syrian/Muslim) immigration in the US. It only shows how stupid he is. Peace and Love!
It is odd how the bad things about a person get so glossed over, and we look at them through rose-colored glasses after death.   Ali was a bigot.  He looked down on white people and Christians.  The radical Malcolm X himself converted him to follow the Nation of Islam, which is a well recognized hate group with strong antisemitism, and gave him his name of Muhammad Ali.  Ali was against the assimilation of blacks into American culture and society, and opposed miscegenation.  And he was not that good a husband or father either, divorcing 3 wives.  He divorced his 1st wife after she refused to dress like a Muslim: "I even divorced my wife… just because she wouldn't wear dresses long enough"  And he attacked the USA repeatedly.  He called Vietnam "a white man's war", and said that "My enemy is the white people!"    Other quotes from Ali: "All Jews and gentiles are devils",  "The sins of drinking, smoking, prostitution, homosexuality, stealing, gambling: It all comes from white people."
Yet it was the muslim convert who murdered the roommates. You cant trust those people.
No thanks. France has 150 no go zones where sharia is the law of the land and islam controls all things except the welfare cheques.  Canada has its share of slums and we don't need anymore.
The Quran contains at least 109 verses that call Muslims to war with nonbelievers for the sake of Islamic rule. Some are quite graphic, with commands to chop off heads and fingers and kill infidels wherever they may be hiding. Muslims who do not join the fight are called 'hypocrites' and warned that Allah will send them to Hell if they do not join the slaughter.  Read about the Quran below. http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/quran/violence.aspx
Really how can anyone disconnect terrorism from Islam when tens of thousands of muslims around the world have joined ISIS, alqaida...or just commit lone-wolf violence in the name of Islam.
Raised in Detroit. Lebanese and Chaldean classmates.  Jewish, protestant and Muslim neighbors. I would love to live in a society where your bigotry is roundly condemned. Obviously you do not believe in hell or you would realise your seat awaits you there.
Considering  that ISIS was created and fed by the disbanded and unpaid SUNNI  Iraqi army (thanks to the stupidity of Bremer under GW Bush) in 2003 and considering that all the terrorists crawling around the world seem to be Sunni or Wahabi (an extreme form of Sunni), and considering that the US has been arming Saudi Arabia, home of the extremist Wahhabism sect ,  why is it that the US and a few others are calling the SHIA (Iran) the enemy?  For more than two centuries, Wahhabism has been Saudi Arabia's dominant faith. It is an austere form of Islam that insists on a literal interpretation of the Koran. Strict Wahhabis believe that all those who don't practice their form of Islam are heathens and enemies.  Who is driving this boat and, more importantly, WHY?
Well, DC, you got me all wrong.  Iodinate hate the Muslims, I'm terrified of them.  I know that once they are in control, I will be forced to convert or die. And since I'm a born again Christian, I'll have to let them behead me.  And of course the Muslims in Lane Co. behave in a benign manner, they are practicing Taqiyya.  And if you don't know what that means, then you are just simply ignorant of the facts. So, check it out, apology not necessary, just need educating.
A "fundamentalist" Catholic will have Mass said for you and pray a rosary for you, a fundamentalist Muslim will blow you up.
You see - the way you react.  You latch on to the surface, without either not having the capacity, or not willing to look at the actual fact.  For your info - I am repeating  a sentiment expressed by a  leftist progressive ( reformist?) Canadian Muslim who, if I am not mistaken,  has been jailed in Muslim countries for criticizing  Islam.
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia, Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia,   iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient hatreds and wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
Dylan Roof was Muslim? Richard Dear was Muslim? Timothy McVeigh was Muslim? Those three goofs who were arrested in Garden City KS for a plan to blow up a Muslim mosque, were Muslim? Who knew?
"Ban on Muslim majority countries..." Such a lie. Indonesia has the largest Muslim population on Earth, followed by Pakistan and  India. None of them are banned. Saudi Arabia neither... The administration has outlined these 7 countries as being a threat to the America, and is well within their right to close the borders to them temporarily. Where were all these SJW's in 2011 when Obama did the exact same thing to Iraq?
Thanks, Hooded Claw----you were right on the money, too.  Too many of our bishops are nothing more than ecclesiastical politicians---wanting to climb the USCCB corporate ladder.  They certainly are not leaders to admire or to emulate.   They supported Trump---when he was coming out with his outrageous schemes.  Now, they have made their pact with the devil.  Let them see and contemplate the dastardly plans that Trump now puts into ACTIONS.    Let it be written in both church history and U.S. history, that the American bishops saw the evil being visited upon the undocumented and Muslims, and as a whole, kept silence.  What a scandal.  It equals that of hiding, aiding and abetting the sexual abuse of the young by the clergy!
There are 57 members of the OIC Sher... just look at the recent story of "Canadians" wanted in the US for beating up peaceful protesters when Erdogan was in Washington. Canada does not need to "accommodate" a belief system that is fundamentally hostile to Canadian values. Look at the left's pathetic response to the British PM's statement about the London bridge attacks - the west is far too accepting of extremists and that acceptance needs to stop - fundamentalists should be opposed publicly by all levels of government - any mosque that sympathizes with Wahabi/Salafi fundamentalism should be publicly named and shut down. Any foreign Imam know to promote or sympathize with Islamic fundamentalism should be restricted from entering Canada. Europe has dithered with laissez-faire political impotence over the last 15 years - that strategy has failed in absolute terms. Canada needs to make it clear that we will not accept fundamentalists under the guise of "diversity".
"Muslims are being targeted now not only in Canada but across Western liberal democracies." the authors ---------------------- Muslims might do a little soul searching and ask why Muslims are targeted and not Sikhs, Hindus, Buddhists, ...at least not to the same extent  As Trudeau would say find the root cause?  Is it problems of integration, assimilation, accommodation ...?
So when do we put a bag over Trudeau's head for destroying white culture in Canada with Muslim and Chinese immigration??
Well the so-called March for Life was full of hypocrites who also cannot call themselves pro-life.  Anyone who supports Trump's Muslim ban is not in line with the tenants of the Gospels.
Mohammed didn't think this one through. It is backfiring.  By making it officially a good thing to lie when useful, , he guaranteed no one could ever believe anything a Muslim says.
The article says "At least 44 people were killed in Egypt in bomb attacks at the cathedral of the Coptic Pope and another church on Palm Sunday, prompting anger and fear among Christians and leading to troop deployments and the declaration of a three-month state of emergency".  Muslims in Egypt have attacked Christians and their churches before.  And Muslims have attacked Christians and burned their churches in Pakistan.  I don't think the Christians in Egypt and Pakistan are attacking Muslims in Iraq or Syria and I don't think they are attacking Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslims so why would Muslims attack Christians in Egypt and Pakistan? That doesn't seem very tolerant.   If Muslims aren't following the verses in the Qur'an that call for the destruction of Jews, Christians and non believers, why are Muslims attacking Coptic Christians in Egypt and why are Muslims attacking Christians and burning their churches in Pakistan?  Please explain the reason.
But we aren’t talking about the Jehovah’s Witness or the Hare Krishna here, we’re talking about Islam. There can be no argument that Islam is more than a religion. It seeks to dominate all facets of life. “O Prophet! Strive hard against the infidels and the hypocrites, and be firm against them, and their abode is hell, and evil is their resort.” Holy Qur'an (66:9). One makes accommodations to Islam at his or her own peril.
Christians are not tolerant. They are disgusted by non-believers just like Muslims. The only difference they put people in prison for 20 years, it is why Canada and the USA have such high prison populations. Prison is just a slow death, that's all.
It just so happens that 100% of terrorists are muslim.
That's nice sky, but it completely ignores the modern world where people are much more selective about what tenets of their religion they follow. Or do you believe that no Catholic would ever use birth control or no Jew would ever eat bacon? People adhere to their religion to greatly varying degrees. To attack Muslims in general by using a strict interpretation of the Koran is wilful ignorance and just as fundamentalist in its own way as the jihadi's themelves.
I have no issues with muslims practicing their faith either..... except when it's at a public school.
Quran (7:80-84) - "...For ye practice your lusts on men in preference to women: ye are indeed a people transgressing beyond bounds.... And we rained down on them a shower (of brimstone)".  So the most intolerant and easily influenced followers of Islam feel that they have a duty to make that happen.  And the others ... are not sure.   Of course the Bible has a similar verse, but the New Testament then has a better message to love your neighbor and to love God.  And that helps considerably, for most people. Muslims are a greater danger to gay people than Christians are.  I stand with our gay brothers and sister in solidarity against Muslim terrorists.
Muslims from certain countries should be excluded temporarily, until the United States conduct reasonably sufficient vetting, because as a group, terrorists pose an existential threat to the United States, and almost all major acts of terrorism perpetrated throughout the world for the past 20 years have been by Muslim extremists.  The Quran is read by too many Muslims to sanction the killing of infidels, simply because they are infidels.  There you have the making of another American disaster.  Now, if the chances of terrorists' entering the country were small, or if the size of the harm they pose were small, there would be a good argument that NO special vetting is needed.  But no other population has, in recent times, had so many practitioners of both frequent and huge-scale violence.  So long as there are so many Muslims committing so many acts of terror in the name of Islam, we are rational in at least taking special care to see that those who come aren't a real risk.
The Finsbury Mosque hired a terrorist as their Imam. His name is Abu_Hamza_al-Masri. He is now living out a life sentence in the states on terrorism charges.  In one sermon relating to the necessity of Jihad, he said: "Allah likes those who believe in Him who kill those who do not believe in Him. Allah likes that. So if you Muslims don’t like that because you hate the blood, there is something wrong with you."  He was busted training Muslims on AK47's INSIDE THE  MOSQUE.  He remained the Imam of this mosque for 6 whole years, telling worshipers to murder non Muslims. In Britain.  The worshipers never asked him to leave. They never stopped going to mosque. The mosque leadership never kicked him out. The government had to step in and remove him.  Two notable terrorists went to that mosque who later went on to murder or attempt to murder Westerners.  The leaders and people of this mosque are terrorists or terrorist supporters. It's time we start talking about THAT.
"Let’s make certain that our new year’s resolutions include a commitment that we acknowledge our perceptions while checking for facts and for truth. This will be critical for those of us hoping to contribute to a sound collective future in 2017 and beyond."  Month after month, year after year, comes the news - muslims carrying out cruel and spectacular slaughters of other human beings.  And we've been watching it for close to 15 years now. There's the facts. The fact that many in western society hols a mistrust of muslims derives from those facts.  Clean up your own religion before you start your pious polite criticism of us, please.
Muslims and liberals excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe and America, destructive iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Quada are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. They are not here to share in what we have built in Canada, but to take it.
Trump never hesitates to attack if he suspects the attacker is Muslim, even when the facts are unknown. It seems like the Republican it's-too-soon-to-talk-about-guns rule is a response that only comes into play when the shooter is a white male. The false piety reeks of hypocrisy.
So you actually do believe the police rounded up and arrested 100% of the rioters.  400 arrests means only 400 were involved.  If they weren't arrested, they didn't take part in the riot.  Am I alone in understanding how incredibly unrealistic that is?  I don't believe Trump commented on the incident last month in Fresno when a Muslim black man shot and killed three random white guys on the street because he dislikes white people.  I guess that means Trump condones racist black on white violence.  Did you express outrage over that too?
I always try to judge politicians solely by their policy preferences.  On health care, Trump is a disaster. He wants to destroy that which exists without a replacement plan. That is a path to less availability for psychiatry and pregnancy care, two areas needed for societal health.  On guns, Trump is a disaster. He wants to reduce requirements for gun ownership and he denies that any new restrictive laws could be of benefit. He is a mouthpiece of the NRA.  On taxes, Trump is a disaster. His proposals are a road to benefit the top one percenters.  On the environment, Trump is a disaster. He is all for big coal in the midwest, a horrible pollutant.  On ethnic relations, Trump is a disaster. He advertises his policies with a loud singling out of criminals who are Hispanic or Muslim or foreigner or immigrant, while never singling out white folks.  He is the worst president of the past century based on policy. Anything diagnostic related to his brain, that's just bad icing on a bad cake.
The law does not violate any person's beleifs. The baker was not forced to sign the business license application which states that he must abide by state laws rules and regulations. He chose to do so and then break state law.  The court said the baker “does not convey a message supporting same-sex marriages merely by abiding by the law.”  Making a vpcake for a gay wedding does not make the baker more of a sinner, ask Jesus.  A gay baker must make a cake for a heterosexual male if he offers that service to the public as a business.  Yes, it works both ways.  Why not go order a gay wedding cake from Muslim bakery? They have to make it too.
I'm watching a report on the FN at this very moment, on RDI. "The New FN voters".  It is attracting new voters, i.e. some who used to vote Left, gays who see Martine as "a down-to-Earth  Mother" who understands them and has lots of gays around her and see Islam as more of an anti-gay threat than the FN, Jews who see antisemitism now coming from young Muslims, etc. ..  This isn't her fathers' FN.
When Obama was tracking muslims for security, he was being "responsible".  If Trump tracks muslims for security, he is being "bigoted, racist, xenophobic, Hitleresque"  The mainstream media is a laughing stock. This is exactly why the people elected Trump.
Naive fools or strategic globalists with an agenda to destroy white culture and Christianity and who refuse to acknowledge that radical Islam is growing in my country   Do not belong in my Canada
Stupid comment. The NRA had no more to do with a muslim mass murderer than Barack Hussein Obama.
If do-gooders try to force abortions on muslim countries they'll get their heads cut off. All of the abortions propaganda is aimed at Christian countries.
Muslims have a national MONTH(October)  trying for their own anti  criticism (blasphemy) laws just for them,  bigger prayer rooms when other religions have none and are not allowed to display their religion, and a horde of useful idiots who want to let the religion of peace do whatever they want....except assimilate into our society.
Muslims kill dozens in newest attack.  Obama makes it easier.  Great Leader.
Sorry, Trump has brought racism and bigotry to the forefront by railing against Muslims, including insulting a Gold Star family; his claiming the judge's bias because he's a Mexican in the Trump U fraud case. He has a pattern of incidents of discriminating against African Americans since the 70s on, and his birther claim against Obama.   In his campaign, Trump  after African Americans, immigrants, Latinos, Asians, women, Muslims and even mocked a disabled reporter. And it's interesting how the KKK and other white supremacist groups have been emboldened under the Trump administration.
A few strips of bacon are far less harmful than the  things said in the mosques by impassioned Imams to the attentive Muslims who believe every word about exterminating Jews,  subjugating women,  gays and infidels
of the 20 most dangerous countries in the world--17/20 have predominant Muslim populations and/or governmens (Economist 2016)--I guess your "tolerant" Muslim country theory doesn't hold water
Not every Muslim is a terrorist but every terrorist is a Muslim.  What's wrong with some additional vetting to ensure the Muslim's coming to our country are coming with good intentions?  it's not blocking anyone, it's ensuring our safety to the fullest extent possible as we demand and expect.
Don't forget the Armenia holocaust of 1 million Christians by peaceful muslims and that six million number has been officially revised by the Holocaust authorities themselves. Let's talk about the Jihad against Indians shall we, Koenard Elst in Negationism in India gives an estimate of 80 million Hindus killed in the total jihad against India and let's not forget why the Crusades happened! It was because of 400 years of islamic barbarism, Can we forget how Mohammed thanked the Jews who helped him in Medina? He killed them, chopped off their heads. Some prophet, killing God's chosen and those Nazi's weren't Christians! It is also estimated that Over 110 Million Blacks were killed by Islam. So Christians can hardly be considered the biggest mass murderers, it isn't any surprise who really are the biggest mass murderers in history, estimated at a whopping 250 million and that is muslims.
Yeah, he'll put the UN in its place, just like he'll ban travel from Muslim countries and revoke Obamacare?
I disagree, he lived most of his early life in the middle east, he was technically a Canadian born to severely misguided Muslim radicals.
Oh, such nonsense. I suppose you feel sorry for the muslims who blow themselves up as well. It's all our fault! So many tears.
4 out 5 white people fear Muslims....... Source: Barneys neighborhood poll of 4 out of 5 white people who self identified as non black or brown. Poll is accurate normally 19 times out 20 but occasionally not.  Kinda like what happened in London today........
Christians don't say you should be killed for being gay nor do they say you should be killed for leaving the religion (apostasy). Furthermore, Christianity no longer plays a major role in Canadian society and it's holy book isn't taken as the word of god, like the word of the prophet Mohammed is by Muslims.   When leftists compare Islam vs Christianity, as they always do as a means of defending Islam, they're comparing apples to oranges. Grasping at straws etc.
"Hatred is at the root of much of the world’s horrors"  Muslims and liberals love to excoriate us about Islamophobia, but we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched racism, xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, anti-Semitism, hatred of Christianity, Europe and America, destructive iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other.  Entrenched civil  wars between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects, ISIS , Taliban and Al Quada are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today. It is a purely thankless job to try to stop Muslims from killing other Muslims, or non Muslims, or gays, or women,  or Jews, or Christians, or Buddhists or Hindus..  It is worse than anything expressed in the west, even by trolls.
It is quite obvious that the Russians wanted Hillary, not the Donald.  They had so much hacked material that they could have sent her to prison.  She would have stopped all oil and coal production, causing the price to go way up, making the Russians a lot of money.  The counties banned are not banned because they are Muslim or the President would have banned India too.  They have a very much more Muslim population than little Libya does.  You are just being silly.
The anti-Muslim types don't want to hear it.
You are using the dirty trick to smear the majority of immigrants with those Islamic extremist; they are not the same. Do we ever see an Asian or Hungarian suicide bomber? The fact that almost, if not all, those "lunatics" are from the same religion background reveals a serious problem of our immigrant system.  Why do we want those who never want to integrate into our society coming here?
Security is fine for this type of attack on the protected buildings. They performed as advertised. You can only do so much with random attacks on people on the street. There is obviously more fear being generated by Muslims with this type of mayhem. It is a rather insane attack which will scare those trying to embrace and understand Muslims.
One wishes that those who support "Anti-Muslim hatred has no place in my Canada"  also support and speak up "Anti-CHRISTIAN and JEWISH  hatred has no place in my MIDDLE EAST"  just to be fair
Your a wimp  Grow a spine All muslims come from a religion with bad start  Get realistic about Islamic terrorist and understand that the leader of Islam is the descendent of an Egyptian slave and banished by Abraham  Mohammad committed a violent action on average every 6 week for the last 8 years of life Wonderful I'll take Jesus anytime
OMG, you equate your privileged white male status with the hatred and oppression of others especially people of colour, women, Muslims, Jews, etc.  That someone would dare question or criticize that unearned status or demand equality for people other than white males does not make you a victim in any way.  The fact is your whining only shows ignorance and lack of regard for others.  Pathetic.
No, Canada should not increase the number of Muslim immigrants, since the first batch is still struggling to support themselves. Or does the author  belive that Canadian taxpayers should just give up their standard of living to play charity? Muslim immigrants should be the responsibility of Muslim countries. Canada is NOT a muslim country.
What about the cult of Islam... ?? They only kill, well everyone. Yet Christians are your problem.
The extremists are the right wing who actively work to remove the rights of women.  Those re the people who need their "Canadian Values" vetted.  Time to drop the "Muslim Extremist" stupidity and realize that the safety of Canadians is endangered by white supremacist right wing nut jobs far more than Islamists.
The law takes president over any silly beliefs. Muslims need to find this out as well.
Trump says Mexicans are drug dealers and rapists.  He attacked an American Muslim Gold Star family  and then admitted he didn't know what a Gold Star family was.  Trump called anyone who doesn't support him losers.
I can do Trump one better.  We need to round up and deport anyone whose parents immigrated from a terrorist Muslim country. Maybe even grandparents.  And before you come back with the Germany and Hitler thing, note that I said 'Muslim'.    See?  It's really not all that hard.  We can ALL play Donald Trump!  Maybe I should run for president next.
The point is - If in fact he did "insult" them, they are so screwed up anyway why is that our fault ? Any rationally thinking person can figure that out what I am saying  Here is the scene:  OH - Trump doesn't was Muslim Terrorists in his country Germany - OH THE TRAVESTY - WE ARE MAD NOW ! We are going to burn down the Reischtag  England - DITTO - UH, Yes Old Chap - You are not invited to speak in Parliament  TRUMP - Beautiful !  China - Who cares - tell them to find someone else to buy all their cheap plastic garbage built by sweatshop labor that we could make here anyway and need even less  Bottom Line - It takes very little to insult a bunch of morons -   Sounds eerily similar to the RG  website
Ellison would be the superior choice.  As a Muslim, he would show that the party is not intimidated by Trump's campaign of ignorance and hate.
Truly how foolish do you think we are Sher???  Just A Couple Muslim Brotherhood That  Have Ties to Terrorism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_terrorism == Al Qaeda (transnational, Islamist) ISIS (Islamic State in Iraq and Syria) Abu Sayyaf(Philippines; Islamist) Egyptian Islamic Jihad Hamas (Palestinian; Islamist)   Hezbollah (Lebanon, Islamist)
You can afford to be in denial.  It's unlikely some drunk redneck with a grudge will come up and shoot you for looking "foreign" (as 'foreignness' is perceived by white supremacist Americans).  And that this was a case of 'mistaken identity' because--judging from the victims' names, national origins and relatives' modes of dress--they were south Asian Hindus rather than "middle eastern" Muslims doesn't really change anything for the guy this idiot murdered.  Some of us, however, can't afford the luxury of denial.  I damned sure won't turn my back on you, if I can help it...
That's right on. Too bad there aren't a few hundred homeless Muslims on the streets of Ottawa. That would scare the $$$$ out of him.
You forgot the way that White Supremacists went nuts when President Blackenstein was elected? Forgotten the way that people like you said that he was a Muslim  that was comin to git yer guns and bring in Sharia law? Or the way that the Republicans held a meeting before Obama was inaugurated to plan how to obstruct him? There was no major backlash against Reagan...Trump is the least popular incoming  President in modern history;
That 30% are too thick to realize that they're too thick to chose intelligently. The believe that Saddam Hussein was involved in 9/11, and that Obama is a Muslim born in Kenya. And that Hillary Clinton  ran a child sex ring out of a pizza shop...
That's right, Canadian authorities should be given time to research this a bit, and maybe even set up a Parliamentary Commission.  How dare those Americans. If we want to risk letting lunatic Muslim fanatics blow up  planes coming to Canada, that is our sovereign right!  Why, I'm so outraged I might write TWO letters to someone in authority.
Too late. Its already happening. CBC and Trudeau liberals call it  just a crime of some sort without any particular explanation. except for social alienation. Even when  a Muslim  shrieks Allah Akbar while shooting a guard at  the Cenotaph and invades Parliament, out political better just shrug and say we need more research.   IF Woodies in Toronto gets blown up Islamist Canadians don't expect any truth  in  the  Globe, Star or CBC about what really happened.   Ecole Polytechnique was in reality an Islamic raid to keep women out of school.
Nor should anyone else who now have to live in fear of Muslim terrorism.
White males laugh at these narco fems.   Your narrative shows everyone who the bullies and predators are.   It ain't us man It's you.   It is truly sad how you can watch  muslim women treated like dogs and not mention anything.  Why not focus on the true enemy of women.  You would get our support by speaking clearly and honestly about midieval muslim laws....  c'mon suck it up
If a cartoon causes a deadly attack, imagine what a series of pointed televised questions to a Muslim candidate for federal judge will cause.   Only the people who like the feeling of sand in their ears and mouth continue to play pretend on this front.  Need a q-tip?
Axa Parvaz , and the 4 women of the Shafia family were all killed by their traditionalist Muslim families because they didn't want to wear hijabs and burqas as commanded by the males who dominated them.  This is less about fashion, but how to make  a slavery look nice.
No, Mr. Hobson is incorrectly equating efforts to protect U.S. citizens from ISIS attacks with "being an enemy of" Islam.  The equivalence of Mr. Hobson's statement would be "Hitler says that the U.S. is an enemy of the German people, and FDR wants to prove them right."  Sorry, but neither the Nazis nor ISIS can be disassociated from their respective malevolent ideologies.
He questioned his birthright when he was running for office.  They questioned his religion.  Gosh, I never heard of dirty tricks in an election before.   I actually saw a video of twenty something Obama say " I am a Muslim."  why haven't you?  Because the lame stream media only showed it once and then yanked it off the air.  After giving uranium to "Death to America Iran"  and jets and tanks to the Muslim Brotherhood , and I know how much that is going to hurt America, well I gotta think, IS he a Muslim? The GOP did not have a pow wow and swear to oppose anything even if it were good. Good Lord you sound ridiculous.
How often do you see a Christian Pastor advocating terrorism in the name of Christ ? How often do you see a Muslim Cleric advocate Jihad which is a clear command in the Quran ?  The Quran contains at least 109 verses that speak of war with nonbelievers, usually on the basis of their status as non-Muslims. You can read them here: http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/quran/violence.aspx  You tell me why we should expect the Muslim Clerics to denounce these acts (which they never do).
Do you seriously care about the rights of muslim travelers coming to Canada?  Why should anyone feel sorry for them?   Not our fault they live in failed states.
Obama's Supported Non Libyan "Obama Libyan Rebels" of Al Quada's Ansar Al Shariah seized the Decades of Libyan Weapons, Ammunition, Military Equipment, Landmines, 400 U.S. FIM-92 "Stinger" Anti Aircraft Missiles, 2000 Russian SA-7 Anti Aircraft Missiles, Long Range Anti Aircraft Missiles at the Libyan Military Depots at Hight Razma Benghazi Libya that had been being used against the Muslim Terrorists.  Al Quada then stated "that they (Al Quada) would use the Anti Aircraft Missiles to Shoot Down U.S. Commercial Airlines (Passenger and Cargo) To Cripple the U.S. Economy"  CIA and US Department of State tasked to find and recover these AA Missiles.  Al Quada then resupplied the Millions of Holy Warriors of Islam Worldwide, as to how the Nigerian Military, Algerian Military and the French at Algeria, Military of Mali, Military of Niger got Out Gunned by Muslim Terrorists.  Al Quada's Ansar Al Shariah became the Government of Libya and attacked U.S. Ally Tunisia as Obama's "Regime Change".
It 's sad and so disgusting to the terrorist action against Christians especially close to Easter. However, due to M-103 passed soon becoming law the current government, I cannot use stronger words to condemn those Islamic terrorists.
He praised the strike, saying killing Islamic State fighters was a “positive move.”  Amen.
I bring Hillary up because everybody still tied to her skirt strings  are crying 'But she won the popular vote". Which of course denies there were over 5 million illegal motor voters in NY and Cali. alone. And remember, she got destroyed in the E.C. race. You know, the one that counts? The traitor I'm talking about is the one that keeps ranting about how he colluded with Russia. And of course they tried to interfere with our election.  They're our enemy.  But affect the Electoral College?  Not a chance. AND, of course its correct and proper and even mandatory to question the President.  But your mind is already made up, Trump is a misogynist, Islamaphobic, homophobic, pedophile, a piece of s**t and on and on and freaking on.  In case you haven't noticed we are at war with a bunch of Muslims who seek paradise and 100 virgins by  committing suicide and killing a bunch of women, girls and babies. Or maybe my defending the president of the United States bothers you for some other reason.
All over the internet in comment sections, articles, blogs etc, people are voicing their concerns about Islam.  As well, and largely unreported by MSM,  the internet provides plenty of information on the cultural clash currently ramping up in Europe between Islam and everybody else.  And yet MSM and the Canadian government would have you believe that all the attention worldwide that is being given to problems with Islam is due to an "irrational fear of Muslims".   There's nothing irrational about it.  Islam is problematic, which is why we are always having to talk about it. M103 will not succeed at shutting us down.
Yep. The Muslims take over the Democrats are cooked, Hillary can't run for President, Rosie would be roasted, Ashley Judd would be sold to an ISIS soldier, Maxine Waters would be cleaning toilets, Pelosi would be washing dishes. Get it?
OK, OK, WaPo is committed to destroying Trump and electing Hillary. Same as the NYT. If I wanted to read them I would. Enough ADN? And BTW, her son was killed by radical Islamic terrorists, not Trump.  I know dems think that republicans are the enemy and radical Islamist terrorist just need jobs but c'mon..........Just sayin
Here is my personal take on Muslims When they are a small minority, they are a member of the religion of peace When their numbers increase they demand to be a protected special interest group When they become the majority it is convert to Muslim or die!
I can agree with the author, let's always start with the truth. So, next time, which will be a next time, that a Muslim commit a terrorist attack against innocent pedestrians, let's call it like it is, a new Islamic attack on innocent people.
If the shooter was a Muslim man, then Donald Trump would call him a terrorist and a ban on Muslim immigration. If the shooter was a Hispanic man, then Trump would call him a terrorist thug and a crackdown on illegal immigration. If the shooter was Asian, then he would be a criminal terrorist and a crackdown on Triads. If the shooter was black, then there would be a crackdown on gang members. If the shooter voted for Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, then he would be a political terrorist and a member of the Antifa.  Since the shooter was a white Christian male who taught bible school and an ex-member of the Air Force, he is a mentally ill man who needed help. No need for gun control.
im sure glad you were allowed to waste the assembly members time, standing there looking glaring menacingly at Amy and snarling to the assembly how she should resign for insulting a fellow muslim, lucky for us we don't have sharia law here. im sure you can't wait to stone to death any women who speak up. didn't you have some feral cats to kill?
The title has been changed to "We need to talk about Islamophobia, white supremacy and far-right terrorism" . I say - we need to talk about radical Islam, mass immigration, mass migration, and about  Lefties NOT willing to talk about radical Islam, mass immigration and  mass migration.
Obviously not a very good terrorist.  19 were injured/killed.  How many were killed or injured in the Las Vegas attack?  Be thankful Muslims do not have the kill mentality like good ole white boys.
much ado about nothing. The ban won't even be enforced by Montreal, where 90 % of muslims reside, the ban won't pass judicial appeal, its a stupid electoral ploy by a premier and a party slowly sinking in the polls. There are probably no more than 50 niquab wearers in the whole of Quebec, how many of them even use public transport. Yet we get reams of outraged editorials and pontifications about what ?
"his call to temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the United States."  I guess he needs to watch Blazing Saddles again and listen for the comments about the Irish.
Trump said he would kill terrorists children A terrorist targets children. Trump said the press is the enemy. A Republican politician attacks a reporter. Trump said Muslims are the enemy. A deranged racist attacks people defending Muslim girls. Words have the power to heal or fan hatred into rage. Trump is like a hot Santa Ana wind storm full of blinding dust looking for a flame.
Trump pretends to put on a Humane Face to Muslims.  TOO LATE!!! Everyone knows you're a piece of stinking turd!!!!
He wanted to repeal the ACA. Nada. He wanted to ban all Muslims. Nada. He wanted to build a wall. Nada. He wants NFL players fired. Nada. What exactly has he done to ruin us? Tweet? Quit letting him control your life and have faith in our system. It's working. Three years will go by and hopefully we'll be wiser, and both teams can find someone with more than half a brain to run for president.
This forum is about Trump's "New Travel Ban". What the heck is this "promise to ban all muslims" got to do with the New Travel Ban?
Every Islamic / Muslim  nation on earth are  by definition fascist states too.
Patwant Sorry I misread you. However you returned the favor. I said  `(`The US had been interfering with Muslim countries in the Middle East since WW2. Arabs and the US exchanged blows and then 911).` That is pre Afghanistan.  With 1.6 billion Muslims in the world how is it going to end if we continue to send our troops to THEIR killing fields
I actually came to ADN to look for the article on the Kansas men who were plotting to bomb a mosque. I was interested in the article because none of the articles I found referred to these men as terrorists. They were clearly terrorists. They constantly drove by and harassed the Muslim people living in the area, and were charged with plots and weapons they planned on using. Every time there are Muslim men or women who plot to attack people for religious reasons, they are deemed terrorists. Instead of finding the Kansas article, I found this one. Again, white men terrorizing a person for religious reasons. The men are made out to be racist, but not terrorist. If a Muslim attacks a person for religious reasons, are they then racists or terrorists? Journalism can affect how the world is perceived. Please label all terrorists as terrorists, or else call them all racists. Do not change the label based on the religion or race. These men may be racists, but the are also terrorists.
Tell you what: you have not ONCE contributed anything factual, worthwhile or relevant to this discussion.  Be advised that after this I will no longer waste another second of my finite and rapidly diminishing lifetime responding to your childish, tit-for-tat drivel.  The first Holy Imam of the Muslims, 'Ali ibn Abu Talib (alayhis-Salaam), admonished: "When I debate a reasonable person, I win.  When I debate a fool, I lose."  I therefore concede defeat.  We're done.  Khalas.
European media is referring to this as "radical Islamic attack". I say shorten up the description to say"Islamic attack". These killers belonged to an Islamic Mosque and not an radical Islamic Mosque.
Ige better watch out.  The word is that the Japanese tourism folks are concerned whether Hawaii is a safe visitor destination.  Perception that Hawaii will become a haven for Muslim refugees can have a direct and immediate effect on the Japanese tourists coming here.  After the events in Europe in the last 24 months, there are virtually no Japanese tourists and tour groups going to any European city or country.  For the sake of the 6,000 Muslim "tourists", Shin may have endangered the Hawaii economy with the loss of 6,000 Japanese tourists PER DAY.  Smart move, idiot.
Nope.  Trump's campaign promise was a Muslim ban.
If we are going to include "Honour" killings, why not other deaths by spouses? I'll bet more self-identified Canadian (white) rednecks have killed their spouses (to redeem their honour?) than Muslim honour killings in Canada.  Doesn't make either one right and domestic abuse of any type needs to be exposed and dealt.  However purposely trying to pin every sin on the "other" helps no one in the long run especially when it seems to be done to try and hide any culpability from "our" side.
Believe that most of the over-the-top vitriolic reactions witnessed here can be explained by three main factors.  Bluenoser... Muslim... Female... in that order.  Keep giving em hell, Ms. Kahn !  #Hatersgonnahate
Riiiight.  Sure buddy.  We totally believe you.  Now how about you focus on doing your job and not let more Islamic terrorists murder your citizens.
Trump needs to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S. Oh wait, the U.S. Constitution forbids that. How about we get all terrorists to raise their hands before they set foot in the U.S.?
Where all the deport people at. This guy isn't hispanic or Muslim. Most likely a white Christian male and its crickets in here but if you listen to Trump band of can't think for themselves morons you would think crime is only done by Hispanic and Muslim people. This guy stole a lot of money. Still 2 million he has not paid back. So many wanted the guy who justbgot pardoned for the video store robbery to be in jail for life but this guy stole alot more dinero. They are such hippocrits
More to the point, recent "Islamist terrorists" are not Muslim immigrants. They are the children of immigrants or local converts to the faith. Mental health issues are the more likely trigger for their actions as they make no demands and their mayhem advances no cause. The challenge lies in detecting these individuals before they snap. Targeting the vast majority of peaceful Muslims for suspicion is ineffective, unjust, and distorts who we are as a people.
When the Trump regime made those provocative statements on China relations I said to myself: either they are stupid or they are playing domestic politics with a country like China.   Probably both, since Americans believe they can screw any country and any sovereign leader with impunity. Look at all the jokes and demonization of Russian president Putin. Putin in return did not utter a single insult, not to Americans, not to anybody in the world. Not even to the Islamic State warriors, whom he just wiped out in Syria. (He said, judgment of these Islamic fighters is for God, but sending them up is my job.)  Since came to power Trump was told (not learn, he is not capable) of the overwhelming reality of today's China. And the stark reality of today's American military power, touted as the greatest in the world but delivered disasters after disasters on all missions, big and small.   Now about this war on Iran ...
Yah but he has nice hair which bought him the election from the low information voter and the women who like nice hair.  His stopping off to pray the Shahada at every mosque within 100 miles of where he happened to be passing by sure helped too.  Too bad he's so stupid he doesn't understand that praying the Shahada with two muslim witnesses by Islamic belief makes him a muslim in their eyes.  He doesn't care as long as he gets their vote which he did.  It's a terrible thought that so many Canadians died fighting to save Canada so Justin could destroy it.
What a bit of convenient  governmental  deflection, aided and abetted by a credulous Globe, claiming the real  terrorist threats in the world are phantom hordes of white Nazis inspired by President Donald Trump. Meanwhile,  Islamist terrorists opportunistically ram cars into pedestrians and our borders are overrun by  fraudulent asylum seekers inspired in turn by our Prime Minister's narcissistic invitation.
I for one am sick and tired of the racist and bigot cards just because you don’t like a a person or group.  I work with Muslim’s, Jews , Hindus and just about everything in between and what they do is there own business. What I do care about is how pathetic politicians have become in the last decade jumping on any band wagon to get a few votes. For example take bill 24 that the NDP are about to pass,they hid behind the LGBTQ to justify it and yet all it does is take away parental rights. What parent or relative of a child would drop them off at a place where they would never know what is happening behind those closed doors. If your child was having thoughts about hurting themselves you would never know because the teachers are bound by an unconstitutional law that’s says they can’t tell you. When government goes after childern and bullies people at the same time they say they are trying to stop bullying.its time for Canadians to wake up and remind MLA’s who the boss.
Heh.  WTG, Shannon.  Although many Christians seem to think we Muslims believe only in the Old Testament, we do believe in Jesus (alayhis-Salaam).  IMHO his very best speech was the one denouncing the politicians and lawyers of his day: "WOE be on you, Scribes and Pharisees, HYPOCRITES!  You REFUSE to enter the Kingdom of God and would hold the door against those who would enter!"  Hey Pete, are your ears burning?  Perhaps you should be thankful it's only your ears.  For now.
I'm sure Obama has a database on ISIL members, and they're ALL Muslim.  If it were a Christian database, libwingers would be all for it.
Shannyn, were you aware that, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations (https://www.cair.com/images/pdf/Pervasiveness-of-anti-Islam-legislation.pdf) of the 78 anti-Sharia law bills introduced in state legislatures in 2011 and 2012, 1 was introduced by a Democrat (Alabama) and 3 were bipartisan (Kansas, South Carolina, South Dakota)?  The document also notes that during a Missouri House Judiciary Committee meeting convened to discuss Democrat Representative Don Well’s anti-Sharia law bill, he said he believed Sharia law is like polio.   To be clear, I think these bills are stupid.  But my point is that your assumption that only Republicans support stupidity is in error.
Again, the progressive MSM refuses to mention the salient facts that this "bloodthirsty gang" was a group of Islamic radicals and that Daesh took credit for yet another terrorist attack against innocent, defenseless citizens.  Amish, agnostics, atheists, Baptists, Mormons, Episcopalians, Jehovah's Witnesses, Lutherans, Hindus, Buddhists, et al religions are not committing these atrocities.  Muslims are.  Isn't it time to address the problem, radical Islam, rather than ignoring it and pretending that it doesn't exist, as the progressive, politically MSM usually do?
Anyone who ascribes to the will of Islam and carries out the evil deeds of ISIS is the very definition of *"terrorist.*"  This maniacs ignorant family has no clue what radicalization tactics Muslims use. This animal was killed by good guys with guns, and the sooner they're gone, the better.
The people you're attempting to have a rational convo with are irrational.  They will do and say anything to excuse Putrumpski.  They and their so-called arguments are absurd. I wonder what they'll say if Russia bombs the US and kills a bunch of people? "So what, the US has bombed a bunch of countries and killed people."  Where was that attitude when 9/11 occurred? I don't recall anyone making excuses for the terrorists then.  And in fact, they continue to rant and rave against Muslims. Why? Surely the US has spied on them, tortured some Muslims and done all kinds of unethical and immoral things. Het Trumpnuts; where's your defense of Muslim terrorists? I'm waiting.
A senior imam in Australia said during a sermon last week-end that all muslims who leave the faith should be killed. Story ran on in all the Australian news outlets. Ayaan Hirsi Ali, an ex-muslim, today cancelled a trip to Australia out of fear her safety couldn't be guaranteed.
I am getting so sick and tired of the worthless liberal news media always ragging on something our next President said!  I am not a religious scholar and could give less of a crap what it says in some freaking book supposedly written by a person who loved to have sex with goats!  There are some very good Muslims in our country but they keep so quiet as to not get beheaded for their views by those radical Islamic terrorists who only want to destroy this country any way possible!  Killary Rotten Clinton says we should love them and offer them a hug....just goes to show how stupid and out of touch she is with reality!   Their is a law on the books outlawing Muslims from even being in this country but no one pays any attention to that!  Democrats think a wall on our southern border is such a bad thing but they erected a wall around their convention hall.  I am telling you if we don't elect Donald Trump you can bend over and kiss your ass goodbye since you will not like what becomes of us.
So what if muslims become the majority?  Anybody who knows any muslims knows they are little different from any other religion or culture.     How often have you heard the muslim community balk at usury?  Almost never, and its too bad.  Personally I think we ought to subscribe to that jewish and christian notion of forgiving debts every seven years.  But what can you do?      It practically goes without saying that in a century Canada won't be predominantly white.  So what?  I lived in Waterloo where some streets by the university are in chinese. So what?
Another Islamic attack, and still Obama and the left want to blame the symptom instead of the root of the problem. Come on Obama you can say it, let me help you: I-S-L-A-M-I-C    T-E-R-R-O-R-I-S-M
Radical Muslims want to kill infidels.  Moderate Muslims want them to.
Islam means "submission". It is expected that eventually all people and all things will submit to Allah. The Peel school board is in the first stages of submitting to Allah because useful idiots at the school board are willing to pervert 40 yeas of secular school policy to appease Muslim demands.
We can say any religion is bad, chineseintoronto.  As the law stands today at least, I can say the following without fear of reprisal from the government.  Fear of reprisal from devout Muslims and Leftists on the other hand......  - Islam is based on an ancient death cult. - Many Muslims around the world believe gays, infidels, apostates and non-believers should be killed - It is perfectly ok to take sex slaves while in battle against the infidels - It is the duty of all good Muslims to help establish a worldwide caliphate.  These are just the facts according to the Quran.  Fortunately, not all Muslims practice the Quran to the letter.  If they did, we'd all be dead by now. It's the many who do we need to be concerned about.   - Jeff
And right on cue another Islamophobe blows up in Brussels.  Sorry, make that another muslim terrorist.  I await your article on him next.
"Then logically you should be afraid of Christians as well."  Well, except it takes seconds to find recent news reports (past 5 months) of Muslim executioners killing gay folks en masse.  Please show us similar numbers for Christians killing them en masse recently!  Orlando gay nighclub shooting: 49 killed, shooter pledged ISIS allegiance  Chechen Authorities Arresting and Killing Gay Men  Russian newspaper says it has evidence that at least three gay men have been killed in ‘prophylactic sweep’ in Chechnya  The Islamic State Executes Nine Men and a Boy for Being Gay  Egypt has taken a leading role at the United Nations in opposing gay rights. It was one of 13 countries to vote last week against a U.N. resolution condemning the death penalty for having gay sex.  Islamic State group judge read out the sentence against the two men convicted of homosexuality: They would be thrown to their deaths from the roof of the nearby Wael Hotel.  12 Muslim Countries That Kill You for Being Gay
Islam frightens me, when I think of my daughters' future in an islamized Canada.  This is not an irrational fear, not a "phobia", when you look at what's happening in the world today.
Because that's what civilized countries do they don't just take you out in the back and shoot you sorry even though this guys a jerk we still have to be civilized on our end.  But maybe not anymore TRUMPELTHINSKIN  just named a religion (Muslim) as a problem not particular people in the religion that's exactly what Adolf Hitler did he blamed a whole religion (Jewish) not just specific people in the religion ESPECIALLY when he says he is going to save Christians. That creates a religious war  I know it's hard but try to read and comprehend history   HEY IT IS THE SAME THING
Such a touching faith in the wisdom of Trumpism.  <<The Trump administration wants to revamp and rename a U.S. government program designed to counter all violent ideologies so that it focuses solely on Islamist extremism, five people briefed on the matter told Reuters.  The program, "Countering Violent Extremism," or CVE, would be changed to "Countering Islamic Extremism" or "Countering Radical Islamic Extremism," the sources said, and would no longer target groups such as white supremacists who have also carried out bombings and shootings in the United States.>>  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-extremists-program-exclusiv-idUSKBN15G5VO  Semantics and anti-Muslim bigotry will keep us safe!
The  DP  loves  these  types,like  they  love  muslim  terrorists  and  other  killers.
Regardless how when or where the terrorist got into the country . The fact is he is a follower of Islam. Islam and its culture are the problem . Come on now Muslims are still marrying young girls and worship Mohammad who had sex with young children.
Yes, but Europeans can't spew vile garbage at Jews and Muslims.
We have had easy access to  weapons for a century. Shootings like this are a new phenomena denying everyone what has been our Constitutional right because we have crazy people and radical Muslims is a poor answer.
The problem with saying "Some Muslims are terrorists. So are some Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists or even atheists" is it is taking the particular and trying to apply it as a principle. Some Muslims are terrorist because the religious structure and principles of Islam supports it. The same for atheism, the religious structure is a total reliance on person and mankind's structures as the standard. It allows for socialism and communism to also be terrorist (Stalin, Hitler) Buddhism structurally and in principle do not produce terror. The same with Christianity, there may be some calling themselves Christian who might be terrorists but the structure and principles soundly reject them as Christian. But in Islam, almost none denounced 911, the PLO lobbing bombs into residential areas, wife beating. I have Muslims from te middle East working for me, I am a Christian but in frank discussion, they tell me they can not become a Christian because their family would at best disown at worse kill them
So what you are saying is that because Democrats engaged in dirty politics that justifies an outside state (and one hostile to the US and its democratic values) interfering in the US election process.  It is Americans who will be the patsies when Trump's backward policies begin to have their effects. He will blame any number of groups/types who form his scapegoat list and these will be the people his fascist/racist followers will be given permission to attack when he needs to distract.  People who know history and hate racism and fascism need to prepare by obtaining firearms for personal protection and then need to organize a resistance to Trump's future pogroms against Americans of color, Americans of the Muslim faith, and LGBTQ Americans.
This should read " HOMICIDE bombers". It's not suicide if you purposely kill other people.   No doubt this is the work of the Seventh Century death cult known as Islam.
Homosexuality is promoted in schools, Islam is flooding society, provincial and national debts that 200 years of straight prosperity would not be able to pay off. Furthermore, the next century will see the decline of the West and the rise of China - so no prosperity here for a long, long time. It seems to me Canada will not see the turn of the next century.
Anti-homosexual, woman-hating religious fanatics are not exclusive to Islam. Christianity-inspired terrorism is something with which Americans are already quite familiar and the fanatics even have their own party: the GOP.  Violent Christian fanatics vote Republican.
How I long for newspapers to start offering differing, contrary, and frank opinions.  The columnist has nothing to offer except the same pablum that she has written over and over.  She lost me at this sentence: The arc of xenophobic terror – whether "inspired" by the Islamic State or white supremacists – has recently increased in frequency and breadth.  Seriously?  The world is presently preoccupied with white supremacists?  Are you kidding me?  Either call it like it is or stop writing, but don't take your readers for fools.
Look ED, the old testament was for Jews.  Christians are of the NEW testament that teaches to love one another as one loves themselves. There is no call, AT ALL, for violence by Christians.  The Qu'ran preaches over and over again that infidels are worthy only of death.  Yo ED, YOU are an infidel. There will always be miscreants in any group but main the bastion of Islam is world domination through the killing of ALL infidels.
The goal of Muslims is to make the world Islamic. Look at the European countries that they have already been welcomed into. I challenge everyone to research this. President Trump is doing us a huge favor.
This is a loser.  It is NOT a Muslim ban.  83% of Muslims live in other countries that were not banned.
Christian or not, they did not murder in the name of God. They were certainly evil and radical extremist but were anti-government and many believe they were reacting to the Waco and Ruby Ridge incidents.  The Muslim radical extremists are doing their deeds in the name of God.
I love all of these comments from stooges of Donald Trump claiming Mr. Khan is part of the muslim brotherhood, it's a Democratic convention conspiracy, Mr Khan's wife was made to be silent, etc. The real facts for you flag waving America is great phonies that need some psychological help is that the same con artist who claims to be a republican is actually a repugnant sociopath that disparaged John McCain by claiming he was not a war hero or disparaging the Khan family whose son died defending your useless freedom. The only thing CONservative about Donald Trump is that he's a CON artist. Stop living in the world of conspiracy, Faux News, stupidity, and longing for long lost conservative values of yesteryear and wake up. You might actually be a better person for it and have more respect for yourself.
Read little lefty cry baby.  Lefty Checklist Let the criminals out. Let illegals in. Mainstream media 100% gospel. Let boys in the girls bathrooms. Condemn police officers. Don't care about the veterans. Eradicate history if offensive. Believe Healthcare is a Constitutional right. Kill the unborn-Stomp on and burn the American flag. Accept barbarity in the name of Islam- hugs,love and no borders will stop terrorism. Protect the Sanctuary cities. Black lives only matter. Coddle the lazy. Encourage hate crimes.  Call for the assassination of our president, talk of overthrowing our government. Burn businesses, attack innocent bystanders, destroy City property, call for, and try to incite a civil war. Refuse freedom of speech on others, while demanding their own political and government obstructionists.
In the Muslim-majority countries, Muslims burn down churches, not mosques. You do realize that there is a difference between mosques and churches, don't you?
Wouldn't want to "simplify"...but appears the root cause/motivation of these acts against the US might just be due to the fact that this nation has been interfering for decades in the internal affairs of numerous (more or less) Muslim nations with which these individuals identify. The United State has been and continues to bomb the living crap out of many places on this planet. The United States military has invaded and occupies various of these nations. The US Air Force and Navy is deployed to harass these nations. There was a term used by the CIA (who ought to know!)..."blowback." Sure, it's swell to speculate on the psychiatric characteristics of individuals who attack us where we are soft. The author speaks of "Jihadist ideology, with its peculiar mix of religious, foreign policy and socio-political views..." Might it not be that the same words...with the addition of "corporate-economic interests"...could describe what we, the United States, are doing to cause this "blowback."
rocky • 5 hours ago  In defense of Donald Trump: Try to keep these points in mind,  Donald Trump did not steal your money.  Donald Trump did not raise your taxes.  Donald Trump did not quadruple the price of food.  Donald Trump is not starting a race war.  Donald Trump did not leave any US soldiers in Benghazi to be slaughtered and desecrated by Muslims.  Donald Trump did not send the US Navy to fight for Syrian Al-Qaeda.  Donald Trump did not arm ISIS and systematically exterminate Christians throughout the Middle East.                                                                Donald Trump did not betray Israel.Donald Trump did not let this illegal Alien in the USA,o dump@$$ an the demoRATS did. Donald Trump did not create a 20,000,000,000.000$ debt! LIBERALISM Is It Mental Illness or Demonic Oppression?
I didn't see the names on the petition, but it is important to remember that 69,000 represents just a small fraction as well of the one million plus muslims in Canada.  If the signatories were not all muslims, this would make it even less representative of the muslim community in Canada.
Canada is doomed under this brainless muslim!
Tough luck if you are Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim, Pagan, or Jew.  This is a good Hypocritical Christian Nation.
Another Muslim attack in Europe, what is this, number 30.  And what is Pierre Elliott Idiot Junior, aka True Dope doing.  As Sgt. Schultz would say, Noothing.  He is absolutely pathetic.
There is no place for religious accommodation in my Canada. Religions of every kind are a cancer on the human race that breed intolerance, contempt and ultimately violence by those who simply take their fairy-tales way too seriously. I don't care if you're Muslim, Christian, Jewish or Rastafarian; it's all nonsense.
Where do terrorist come from Keolu?  And just who is a terrorist?  I consider good gun loving Americans who believe in shooting up preschools etc. to be our main source of terrorism.  I certainly am more afraid of these  Americans than of any Muslim.
Trump promised to send all Muslims back. Same thing.
Your islamophobic statement has been reported under M-103.  Referring to your Muslim brothers and sisters as "suckers", in light of the recent attack, is not only intolerant, but it is hateful.  Don't you respect all faiths, or is it just one?
"Islamic State planning attacks on ‘innocent civilians’ in Britain: terrorism watchdog"  Forget the political correctness, the same is happening in France.  Like it or not, this is a direct result of Muslim immigration.
We have the ability to both take the battle to the attackers and isolate them on the other side of the Atlantic. Unfortunately, just leaving them alone doesn't negate the insistence moslem lunatics have to attack us.  If we just ignored ISIL (aka international society of Islamic lunatics), do you really believe they would abandon their stated goal of conquering the world and beheading everyone who doesn't tow the party line?
These women should spend a year in Iran, Iraq, Syria or any other Muslim country then tell me how oppressed they are in the US.
Five different mass murders for five different reasons. The abortion clinic was targeted by an individual psychopath with no organizational backing; not an attack on random innocents. Virtually all Muslim mass murders were done in the name of Islam and they would kill any non-believer.
Bring some more muslim scum in so we get our people killed...Let's be integrated with sand crawlin goat humpers..Read the trashy Qu'ran, folks, for Yourselves..It says to kill jews and infidels ,,read it till ya get it.
When "bad German" Hitler committed a crime, world made the "good Germans" also to pay the price after the war and for generations.  When  "bad Muslim"s commit a hate crime, world spares "good Muslims". See any hypocrisy?
its so easy and pc to ignore the misogynist and barbaric religous practices of muslims while criticizing the misogynist practices of the other abrahamic religions. islam's misogyny is much more widespread and pervasive than a small sect of religious nutjobs in a small bc town. But they don't screech "------aphobia!!!!" as the muslims do.
The threat isn't just terrorism.  There's plenty of racism where I work and it's not the white Christians - it's mainly the Muslims that don't respect womans views, or anyone they view as subordinate to them. It's also about what kind of society do you want to live in. Preferring free, open, fair & equal isn't unreasonable.
Yes she mentioned white people as whites were the people who voted for him.  What other racial group voted for him?  I am not aware of any sizable minority that voted for him.  Maybe Russians?  The fact is the people who voted for him were not intelligent.  They were influenced by imaginary fears created by the Donald such as Mexicans are swarming over the border to take your job. or Muslims are going to rape your women.  Pathetic.
bunch of cowards do this, whether it is against Jews , Muslims, Sikhs ,blacks, Asians, Indians, Pakistani's etc etc. Let them come out  and show their faces. Bunch of creeps.
History suggests it will be Muslims who will take the place of White Christians.  I need not tell you which sex.
Great! When can we start addressing polygamous and forced marriaged in the Muslim population of Canada? They pose a much a greater risk. It seems liberals are willing to punish Christians for misbehaving, but not Muslims. Time to even the score.
Right wingers in Muslim countries (i.e., the Islamic fundamentalists) also hate "Lefties" in their country - the well educated, secular elites.
Free Speech. No to M-103.  Stop spreading of Islam in Canada. Stop converting Canada into an Islamic country.  Limit Muslim Immigrants into Canada. Limit Mosques in Canada.
Is this Islam? It is time for honesty How could any religion not fight this within their domain. Yet we hear nothing form Imams but how bad, evil, fascist Canadians are for questioning mass muslin immigration. Only an idiot would not question. Or a Marxist hellbent on destroying white Anglo Saxon culture.   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/25/horror-mosul-sinkhole-became-biggest-mass-grave-iraq/
Didn't Iqra Khalid and her family flee the Islamic Republic of Pakistan some years ago to live in "secular" Canada? - maybe she's Islamophobic.
Mike - will you personally take responsibility for any terrorist attacks by Muslim refugees?  If not, you need to stand down.
Still ignorant Qbcoach15 must be all those Traumatic Brain Injuries.  Muslim Culture (do not prove your ignorance by saying "Religion") is a Culture of War.    Mohammad unified the Waring Tribes that were killing themselves, into Large Armies, his Armies were conquering "the Known World".  His large Armies had a Severe Logistics Problem, Mohammad then wrote the Holy Koran making it Law for All Nations to provide Food, Clothing, Support, Money to the Armies, and that All Must Join the Jihad without any excuses.  109 Suras of the 114 Suras of the Holy Koran are the Declared War Against Christians, Jews, Unbelievers.  The 5 Suras state that Peace will be achieved when all Christians, Jews, Unbelievers are Subjugated to Islam.  The Holy Celebration of Ramadan is the Muslim Celebration of the Defeats and Massacres of the Christians, Jews, Unbelievers.  Ramadan Fasting represents the Muslims getting up before dawn eating and drinking then going into Combat without food and water.  continued
Well said...Thank you.  Has this Muslim coalition spoken out against their extremist clan threatening and killing innocents?  Start there in that backyard and then they can think about criticizing others.
"Germany has been killing Muslims since 9/11."  Um, what?  Nobody went out to deliberately kill Muslims because they are Muslims.  Whatever conflicts have occurred were for political reasons, and there are plenty of conflicts within Muslim nations themselves.  On the other hand, Muslims are killing each other because they aren't "the right kind of Muslim".  It's only a religious war because some Muslims have defined it as such.
Ah, the tolerance of good "Christians" down-voting/disagreeing with your simple statement of what you believe.  Mark my word, you let these intolerant religious nutbags twist the law to persecute Muslims and they will eventually get around to using their corrupt power to persecute Mormons.  It is who/what these intolerant religious scorpions are.
Have you checked out who the Australian Christian Lobby are? Maybe those Australian politicians are right. There's no question ACL has an anti-gay agenda. Not that such an agenda would justify a violent response, and at this point its not exactly clear that it did. Though the ACL leader is going to great lengths to gain sympathy for this horrific "attack."  My original comment was aimed at people yesterday who suggested this incident was a terror attack by Muslims on Christians. They did so without waiting to see what the facts were.
Just remember two things: This has NOTHING to do with Islam and... TRUMP is the real terrorist!
btw... you in the west don't have any clue how people react against this kind of state controlled propaganda   you should not be so happy to celebrate we in East know the truth, and you can have some hints by checking our recent past  it will backfire, in more ways than one   if you wanted to hurt gays and trans in a devastating and decisive way, this is how you do it, this is how you form the next generation of super conservative, highly religious, highly anti-gay people  and more, because you have a huge number of Muslims and Imams, many young people will go to the extreme, choosing the most conservative of religions... the Islam.   What you started today, in 20-40 years will radically backfire.   Canada, as any other stupid progressive country, has no idea about the horrible things they start in motion... why?   You never had a revolution, you never had a cultural oppression, you never had leaders shot at the fence.... sadly you will repeat the history in order for you to learn it.
Say something about Islam and we will kill you.
Do you not think pedophilia is a crime?   How many Catholic priests have to rape kids before we start arresting them?   Do the priests have to murder our children  after raping them before we get concerned?  There are 6,528/116,153 (5.6% ) of priests who have been  subjects of *credible* sexual abuse allegations in North America alone.  17, 651 victims.  http://www.bishop-accountability.org/AtAGlance/USCCB_Yearly_Data_on_Accused_Priests.htm  How many Muslims in the US have killed people for jihad?  Less than 2 dozen.  Include 9/11 hijackers and it's 3 dozen.   That's far less  than 1% of all Muslims in the US.    Only 48 people have been killed by Islamic terrorists on US soil.    If you include 9/11 there are still far fewer murderers representing Mecca than child Rapists from Rome. http://securitydata.newamerica.net/extremists/deadly-attacks.html   For the record,  I think raping children for decades and then hiding the evidence is criminal conduct.
Arabs, Muslims, and Islamists use their biblical text, the Koran, to justify their evil justifications. Sad indeed.
Beyond shameful! The only true democracy in the region that respects the rights of women while we flood our country with racist Muslim trash! Obummer shows his true lame duck colours, and meaningless weak kneed double term, outside blind siding Canada on keystone and blabbering his carbon bs with our own local 'little potato'. Sad day for democracies everywhere when the likes of any of the mid- east trash Arab states and their medieval human rights record is worth anything on the world stage!
Well said on all counts!  Regarding the niqab, the president of Egypt recently had a law passed banning the niqab and other full face coverings in all contacts between the public and public officials.  Egypt is over 90% Muslim and the president of Egypt el Sisi is Muslim.  But going by the logic of these left wing morons in the Liberal and NDP parties, the Egyptian president must be even more anti-Muslim than Harper allegedly is.    In reality, the Egyptian president is a wise man and understands how reactionary and discriminatory and demeaning and antediluvian and sexist such a policy actually is.  But Trudeau and the Liberals will do and say and pretend to believe anything in their grovelling for votes so this was not an opportunity to take a stand for Canadian values but rather another cheap stunt to attract the growing Muslim vote in Canada.  Besides, given The Clown Prince's recent edict that Canada is the world's first post-national state there are no Canadian values.  Disgusting
According to Turkish media: nightclub gunman suspect is Chinese Uygur Muslim. It is a payback to Canada's continued support to terrorists in China.
Patrick J. Luby.  Hummm, maybe Trump mentioned Islamists because radical Islamists have chopped off American heads, kidnapped/raped/murdered Christians in their own countries, vowed "Death to America," and on and on.  Yes, some terrorists are homegrown.  Yes, some go to Muslim countries to get their terrorist training.  However, extreme vetting of immigrants/visitors from Islamic countries is a great start, not the complete solution.   In Islamic countries governed as theocracies, there is no separation between religion and state, quite the opposite.  BTW, it was Obama who devised the original list of countries, yet no one blinked at his proposal.  http://www.dailywire.com/news/11410/complete-list-radical-islamic-terror-attacks-us-james-barrett
Muslims are the worst Islamophobics of all . Ancient hatreds and wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump.
Oh great, thanks to Trudeau Canadians are now effectively forced to buy Middle Eastern oil and to fund islamist terrorism whether they like it or not. Meanwhile, Paul Martin's shipping company can continue to lavishly profit from the tanker trade. Coincidence?
Here's the deal with liberals.   They don't want us to call it Christmas but they want their kids to learn Feliz Navidad. They can't stand religious people but, they want us to embrace fundamentalist muslims. You drone on about the environment but every two years you buy overpriced toys from Apple made in the worst polluter in the world with slave labor. You people are too crazy for your own good and you want to take the rest of us with you.   That is why Trump won.
Why bother with this silly article; we already know how he will handle this. Can't understand why the bias media keep calling this a Muslim ban when 87% of them worldwide are not affected. Silly, stupid and disgusting.
John, basically your claim is that the Catholic Church is homophobic, that orthodox Jews are homophobic, and that Muslims are homophobic.  That seems to support a couple of conclusions:  you're intolerant, you're a heterophobe.  If the shoe fits, wear it.
Look, these endless one sided stories of the poor poor Muslims is not helping.  Please stop trying to portray the Muslim faith as an innocent.  Muslims have been murdering Christians for a very long time.   To try to rewrite reality, and push aside that fact is causing many hard feelings.  Schools are not allowed to have Christmas Concerts, why is Muslim prayers being allowed?   We are not a Muslim based or founded country......thank goodness.
Perhaps you could substitute the word male (or men) in the article for women or blacks, or Muslim.
So that that very same Liberal government could import loads of Muslim males to keep muslim women barefoot and pregnant and in the kitchen.
So yesterday it was Solidarity that we needed.  Now we need Unity.  I tell you what we need ... We need to be vigilant and look out for radical islamic terrorism, the forced marriages, the forced genital mutilation, the misogamy, and if you are gay watch out as you will be thrown off a building.  That is what we need.
staunch religion hating atheist here; remove the sarcasm from your comment and I'm with you.  Christians are indeed hypocrites, but they use the voting booth to further their backward agenda not AK-47's and machetes.   I hate Christianity.  I hate Islam and fear it immensely.
An alien from Mars reading this would assume that Trump had endorsed white supremacy.  Just nonsense.  What if some media had accused Obama of being an islamist terrorism sympathizer because he refused to use the words "islamist terrorism"? Imagine the outrage at such a stretch.
Slick dodged with an infected penis, so what's the diff? Not sure how the Muslim dodged!
So that makes it OK to say that "most Americans are crazy"?  Then it must be OK to say that most Muslims are jihadists as Isl@m isn't a race either...
That's one reason the conservative muslims  murder others to try to convert/ 'align' rest of world to their views.
If and when the U.S.A. and it allies ever get rid of Daesh (ISIS/IL), will they then go after and eliminate all the Muslim groups, like Hamas, Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad, the Taliban, al Qaeda, Abu Sayyaf, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, etc. and all the other groups of Muslims in many countries around the world , that want to destroy Jews, Christians and non believers?
" Kevin O’Leary’s entry could push ,,,,,,,,, do what??  So far we have had the alt-hate-muslims candidate, the alt-hate-unions candidate, the alt-hate-alt candidate, now we have the alt-I'm-really-stupid candidate. I doubt that Kevin has ever actually  pushed anything beyond his ego around since puberty. Good luck Kevin if you win you have an orange wig waiting!
That's a wildly false equivalence.  It was never about a message on the cake, it was always about the identity of the customers.    If a bakery refused to sell a cake to a customer because he was white, that would be illegal.  If a bakery refused to sell a cake to a customer because they were Jewish or Muslim or Christian, that would be illegal.  This shouldn't be a hard concept to grasp.
I gotta say, GBA, nothing but searing,  venomous, hysterical hate flows from the mouths and letters of the Demented Democraps (sp. intentional).  And they accuse us of hate, constantly.  We hate women.we hate muslims, we hate gays, we hate America, we hate EVERY  F*****G Thing in the world. The hypocrisy astounds me. And they have no idea whatsoever.  Recently I critiqued some Democraptic letter, it had 7 sentences and 5 uses of the word HATE.
Is this where the moderate Muslim turn on the extremist Muslim or is this where the moderate Muslim joins the extremist Muslim? Mmmmmm
As willfully ignorant and bigoted as so-called "Christians" like Franklin Graham, Terry Jones and our own Amy Dumbitchsky are, even I'm not prepared to blame Trumpy the Clown on Christianity as a whole.  Trumpy is no more "Christian" than Abu Baqr al-Baghdadi (leader of the Da'esh aka "ISIS") is "Muslim".  Both are egregious violators of their respective faiths' tenets.
No we don't.  We need to talk about Christianphobia, far-left wing terrorism and islamic supremacists.
Can you imagine the uproar if he had been a Muslim
Another arch Liberal blames someone else for his hate speech. It's not unlike Hillary blaming the women her husband abused. Or Barack Obama  when he blamed White people for Black crime, or when he blamed Americans for Muslim terror.
With regard to critics of efforts to keep extremists out of our country and disallow reentry to American citizens, including those who go to the Middle East to earn their doctorates in Evil Deeds, I suppose I could say that Muslim extremists kill the wrong people but that would be evil.  Muslim extremists don't discriminate; they will kill anybody, anytime, anywhere.  TEMPORARY bans on majority Muslim countries--including those that pretend to be democracies by allowing citizens to vote but are in fact run by religious ayatollahs--is a no-brainer.  If Muslim officials allow extremists to leave their countries without telling us who they are and we let them in, we are asking to get bombed. Extreme vetting must occur at both ends of the journey.  For some extremists, it's a one-way trip.  When Muslim countries get their act together, maybe we can lift the ban.  The decisions in these lower courts aren't about national security or legalities; they are about dumping on Trump.
Muhammad's youngest wife was between 16 and 19, which was standard marrying age for girls at his time and place (actually a little on the older end of the distributional curve).  Maryam the mother of Jesus (alayhimus-Salaam) was 14 when she became pregnant.  As for your absurd claim, kindly do what I would ask of any Muslim making an assertion concerning the Most Noble Messenger (Saala Allahu alayhi wa Ah'liihi wa Salaam)--"what is your da'lil?", i.e. "where did you get that?"  Be advised I'll no more accept anti-Islamic 'hate' site then I would accept a Nazi's claims about Jews.  Nor do we worship the Most Noble Messenger (Saala Allahu alayhi wa Ah'liihi wa Salaam)--that's why our faith isn't called "Muhammadianity" or something.  It's called ISLAM, which means the same thing as the Hebrew term "shlema".  Any more stupid questions?
So why did you defend him. Don't say you didn't.  The Muslim ban is religious bigotry, dolled up as "security issues".
Deception is an integral part of the Muslim Brotherhood's modus operandi.
I find it appalling that so many Americans are so bigoted and so ignorant that they can't tell the difference between Sikhs and Muslims. I find it deeply offensive and absolutely outrageous that a fair number of Americans are so hateful they don't even CARE that there IS a difference between Sikhs and Muslims.  (The Sikh religion is NOT an Abrahamic religion, AT ALL. It owes far more in the way of ideas and outlook to Buddhism. Sikhs believe that a god created the universe, and left some important lessons about how to live in the form of holy books. However, there are no miracles, there is no hell, no devil, and no messiah. A Sikh is expected to live as a "soldier" who defends the innocent; a "scholar" who trains his mind in the holy book AND in the laws that govern the material universe; and a "saint," one who lives a moral and ethical life.  Those who fall short of those goals are reincarnated to try again. Sikhism has no hell, and Sikhs dislike the very IDEA of eternal damnation.
Egypt used to be a majority Christian country. Now  a minority, Christians   are persecuted and  fleeing. History repeating itself in so many countries.  Given the healthy demography of Muslim population, same will happen to countries such as France, (more than 10% Muslim), Great Britain (more Muslim than Christian babies born in Birmingham) or Germany.  It has already started: a non Muslim can no longer walk safely in some areas of France.  The police is scared to go there.   In the meantime our dear Canadian leader continues focusing on "Islamophobia' laws, and 'diversity is our strength' nonsense.
So much for the constant barrage,  canadians are racist. Look what they're asking, their own place where only muslims will rest in peace.  Translation, 'muslims' will not be buried besides a non-believer. Are we so naive as to accept their sanitized version of the truth for Western world consumption?.
The guy was from Puerto Rico.  there is no evidence that he was a muslim - it sounds more like he was schizophrenic.  The statement that the CIA was sending him messages from ISIS through the internet is not an indicator that he was an Islamic Jihadist, but rather that he was mentally ill.
FACT: not all muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are muslim.
Spot on, DC.  I fear bubble boy's sheep don't get this.  A follower is a vote and if they vote for their guy the end justifies the means. It took two full days for the executive branch of govt to give a generic/hedged reply to what some assume was in response to this video of these jack booters...almost with a wink wink.  Look and listen to his response to the Jewish reporter at bubble boy's scary news conference.  Shushed him, called him a liar and told him to sit down.  These jack booters will tear down this country before any Islamic terrorist group will, especially if the president sets this kind of tone.
What a great idea, more Muslims from a poor, religiously devout, backward country to destabilize Canada.
Exactly Muslims advocate the killing of non converts infidels if you will. They advocate child abuse buggery and male supremacy.
The polls show some concern by existing citizens.... who have looked at what is happening in UK and EU No wonder. using facts Islam is the most disruptive and non-integrating religion in the world and has no relation to ours in terms of values… most of these so called refugees are not. They are migrants who will not stand and fight for their own country… they have an inbred distain for western civilization through that religion and will want their own laws and will disregard ours…and it’s for this reason why TRUMP said HOLD and why at least 50% of Canadians in a recent poll agreed with him. Think about it…These migrant children we are so happy to let in will grow into unemployable discontented youth with a dangerous value system we will not be able to assimilate into our society. go look at UK and parts of Europe.. and don’t think it won’t happen here…. Also..No sanctuary cities please …. how stupid to think Canada is different.
Really buddy. You are s crappie excuse for a journalist. Get over it. Call the Arab Muslim countries to assist. I am done. Hopefully your are too. Lazy journalism.
Gotta love how people communicating over the internet and using their free speech are labelled as trolls by the lying mainstream media. I have not seen much if any Nazi's causing trouble here in Canada but I certainly see a lot of Muslim terrorism.
Trump is rapidly losing the support of Congressional Republicans as it becomes increasingly obvious that he's incompetent and ineffective. Everything he touches turns into a dumpster fire. His muslim ban isn't happening. The House replacement for Obamacare, which Trump specifically championed and said he was going to push through Congress, has blow up in his face and may not even make it to the House floor for a vote.   Republican chairs in the House and Senate are saying his claims about Obama wiretapping him are false and are now threatening his administration with not confirming his Justice Dept. pick if they don't get cooperation on their investigation into his campaign's Russia ties. (Republicans, not Democrats!) His disapproval ratings are at an all-time high (54% vs 40% approval). He'll be luck if he lasts a year in office.
I find this civil comment thing to be the most ridiculous muzzle, put on the users of this site by an industry that wholly believes in incivility in the interest of ratings. A black officer killed a white man last week but we won't heart about that. Flip the script and it will literally be the only thing we will see.  This forum muzzles any true form of free speech. Yes, I know there are troglodytes that will abuse it. So, a few bad apples and then you take away the chance for any true freeform conversation. Because of this new forum, several of my comments, which weren't horrible, get banned due to the thin skinned sensibility of some of the people that use this.  No conversation can be pure when people are disallowed from speaking freely, regardless of how unfounded or vitriolic.   But in regards to the news today; whether Muslim or white bread American, young men in this country are extremely susceptible to this type of behavior. Frustration with no clue how to deal with it.
There is no such thing as 'islamophobia'  There is just saying things muslims don't like and so they whine and complain about it.  Grow a spine.  And stop treating your women like chattel.
Have the black kids been murdering anyone who is not their religion for eons?   Muslims have been murdering Christians, quite a different scenario.
Correction Page Turner, shortly after Obama took office, Republican supporters also depicted Obama as a devil-Nazi,  Satan-Muslim, and pictures hanging Obama, etc. However rather than rebuking and denouncing this horrible divisive propaganda Ad, by saying this is "bad, very bad" instead you comment with "these are Ossoff's peeps"  Wow! Regardless of party affiliation, we, as a people in the civilized world, all should denounce and rebuke beheading pictures and gunning down lawmakers at a baseball field as horrible. As a common-sense Democrat, I CANNOT support that red-headed comedian or that hateful gun man at that ball field.They do not represent me. For any party affiliation to use these tragedies as political propaganda to divide and create fear in our country is despicable and disgusting. I hope this backfires for the GOP party in GA.
As reported on Canadian TV news last night, Alexandre Bissonnette is an introvert and was influenced by Right Wing French Presidential candidate Le Pen and Donald Trump's bigotry to kill 6 Muslims in back and injury many others during prayers in a mosque in Quebec City.  Later in the same broadcast strangely WH spokesman said this event supports the US action to ban some Muslims countries. What a disconnect from reality and facts!
In a post three days after the inauguration of Donald Trump, Christian posted: “If Donald Trump is the Next Hitler then I am joining his SS to put an end to Monotheist Question. All Zionist Jews, All Christians who do not follow Christ's teaching of Love, Charity, and Forgiveness And All Jihadi Muslims are going to Madagascar or the Ovens/FEMA Camps!!! Does this make me a fascist!!! #MonotheistHolocaust
I'd like to know where this era of unity was that you're talking about.  Seems to me America's always had a lot of in-fighting.  If it wasn't the blacks it was the Puerto Ricans or the Mexicans or the Chinese or the Italians or the Irish or the ... get the picture?  The only time we "unite" is when we can hate someone else like the Muslims or the Nazis.  We never unite for each other...just to fight someone who we think threatens us.
The USA needs to wake up to the threats of islam, unsecured borders, trade imbalances, the deficit, paying for defense of those who can & should pay their own way, joblessness, - if Hitlery wins, we are all lost.
@ALbertD3 >>So, in saying that, am I an online troll? You didn't define it very clearly, just as M103 fails to clearly define Islamophobia. This is a dangerous game. .   We have articles conveying 'Muslim victimhood' and 'Canadian -phobias' - most of the time authored by a Muslim woman in a head-scarf. . Hold the outrage, before marking the post, and ask yourselves - why is that a pattern? . Where are the Muslim male authors? Or non-covered Muslim female authors? Or opinions different than those having been relentlessly published in G&M?
Ohhh. So it's only newsworthy when MUSLIM extremists kill someone, not angry, greasy American nazis?  I know who I'm more concerned about.
While Muslims excoriate Trump about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia and antisemitism, Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, occidentophobia,  iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient hatreds and wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are worse than anything done by  the west, even by Trump
So, if this is accurate, which I doubt, extremists Muslims attack and kill Britons in Britain and there is a backlash against extremist Muslims by Britons in Britain.  Go figure.
There is a forth estate no more, don't you read the papers, if you can find one with enough content to cover the story! The news media pandered to the Trump script like egg-sucking dogs and provided us with three or four times the coverage of the email baloney versus substantive issues. And, if there is any merit at all in the claims of people who say that they influenced the election via fake news on Facebook and other venues, we are in deep kimchee as a nation. If one wants to stay informed, it is increasingly difficult to find news sources which are not dominated by op-ed pieces and which have fact-checkable and second source veracity. We follow the news (sic) media (sic) now as we follow gossip columns, day time TV soaps, and cage fighting. There are people now who are gloating about the outcome of the election who cannot wait to possibly intern muslims, build a giant fence around the USofA, and make patty cake with Putin irregardless of nuclear threats in the world. Yikes.
Rally, People! Vote out the Democrat's Anti American pro Muslim One World agenda. I'll go for one world when Jesus says, not the Traitor Hillary.
All Christians, Jews and other religious denominations are angered and will retaliate every time another Muslim demand is made and honoured. This is beyond ridiculous that Muslims are allowed to force their religion down our throats. This is a very serious situation and there will be more violent attacks when our government refuses to curb this activity. Muslims can take time from their days at school to pray, yet our Lord's prayer has been dismissed as being controversial. Yes, this is going to get very ugly and could easily turn into civil war. That comment is not outrageous. Muslims have come from that very climate and they didn't leave that on the shores behind them. This is just the beginning of a rally.
If all Scheer does is stay away from Rebel himself while encouraging others to participate - it will be a replay of what seems to have happened when Scheer stayed home to give soft ball interviews and Kent and Rempel appeared to loudly condemned Trudeau and Canada on FOX and affiliates in the USA.  In other words - it will be a continuation of Harper's stance of pretending to be the elder statesmen while the minions issued dog whistles to those intolerant of Muslims, gays, immigrants, refugees, etc.
Lets see...angry white men founded this country.  Certainly you have no problem with that.  If so, you are free to move to a Muslim country where I'm sure your voice will be tolerated.
Richard Corbeil: Our US military and CIA are killing thousands of innocent people, destroying sovereign nations, destabilizing regions...just to steal their resources and keep the Russians from getting them. The low-tech reactions occurring here in America are called "terrorism." This story is about domestic terrorism. "Radical Muslim extremism" is token self-defense against the US military and US agents and US-armed nut groups destroying their lives and their nations in business wars. This story is, of course, about a "radical Christian extremist terrorist." Just got caught is all.,,
I'm confused/I thought the Starbucks community and the the Muslims shared the same sexual eccentricities.!!!
Bring in killers and create programs to fight them after they get 10K a month from Trudeau and then hit our streets and mobilize 1000's of jobless muslim youth......  You all are getting this..   right? You aren't that stupid - it's impossible
Anti-Muslim prejudice or hatred, is fine with me. Keep it simple.  Islamophobia invites useless debate about what the word means and gets us nowhere.
Paul:  How many innocent people in Iraq and Afghanistan has the United States brutally murdered since 2001?   Do you not realize that is why Muslims all over the world now want to kill Americans??  The United States is totally responsible for all of the turmoil, death, and destruction that has been taking place in the Middle East recently.  Our invasion of Iraq totally destabilized the region, upsetting the balance of power that existed between the Shia and Sunni sects of Islam.   It is former President George W Bush who is responsible for all of this.    He is the man that deserves God's Judgement and condemnation to the bowels of Hell.
You sound like a typical mental -illness Liberal  Democrat Trump hater. During your hero Muslim President Barack Hussein Obama's tenure, he sign so many executive orders (bypassing our U.S. Constitution) that many was saying he was acting as though he was a dictator.  In fact there was a foreign country and a known dictator who was thrown out, many in this country was saying to that country, we have a dictator (Obama)  here if you want him. Barack Hussein Obama is undoubtedly the worst and evil leader we have ever had.
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, antisemitism, , Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient tribal  wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are the cause of all the civil war and genocide going on all across the Muslim world. Its worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump
Because a small group of politically correct leftists who can't exist without government handouts will squander the money on programs for trans-gendered Muslims and Vegan Lesbians...
Your islamophobic statement has been reported under M-103.  Referring to your Muslim brothers and sisters as "suckers", in light of the recent attack, is not only intolerant, but it is hateful.  Don't you respect all faiths, or is it just one?
jerry69, Unfortunately, racism in America is still alive.  The racists are supporting the politician who called Mexicans "criminals, drug dealers, and rapists," who said that a judge was biased because "He's a Mexican," who said that Arabs "were cheering when the World Trade Center came down, who was sued by the Justice Department for discrimination against African-Americans in renting apartments, who confirmed that the travel ban is a ban on Muslims, and who refused to condemn white supremacists who were campaigning for him,  Trump took advantage of racial animus, and it propelled him to win the election.  https://www.thenation.com/article/economic-anxiety-didnt-make-people-vote-trump-racism-did/
This is ridiculous, we have no idea why that guy killed the MEN in the Mosque. None, he could have been doing it as a reaction to Muslims killing and attacking non-Mulsims, we just do not know. But the Globe and Mail is being historically insane if it thinks pushing religion, any religion on the people does not cause violence and pushback, ENOUGH!  EQUALITY OR DEATH, that is our way in Canada G&M. Please we cannot afford to have our compassion and good graces used to suppress criticism of any religion and anyone who uses to violence to force that view should be arrested and deported if possible. Look here are Muslims in Toronto violently attacking someone who is speaking against Islam. Where were the media on that? Nowhere, because Muslim violence against others is acceptable from the G&M and their fellow Big Religion travellers. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsFlry0WqEw
Beyond using the incidents to attack Muslims, neither do you.
Islamophobia is anti-Moslem bigotry, and anti-Moslem bigotry is Islamophobia.  Islamophobia, however, has the advantage that people who squirm over it expose themselves as hateful bigots.  The motion should pass in the original phrasing.
Not that long ago that Catholics had to cover their heads at mass (remember the ridiculous hanky thing?)! Most of the Muslim women I know do not cover their hair- let us not get crazy about this.
Just how do you see what girl is on her cycle?  I have been trying for years, but my wife's sneaks up on me every time until I hear about it loud and clear.         Sure it is stupid and backwards that girls prey at the back, it is stupid only men can become priests, it is stupid some Evangelicals call for the death of homosexuals.....   It is not stupid however to try and understand and get along.  Kind of irony here Chuck but I am assuming you are defending liberal Muslims :)  ...If they are shunned by their conservative Muslim's then we have their backs don't we?
I like that you separated Muslims into a specific subset, the ones that believe  the fundamentalist values you mentions.   You know that not all Muslims agree with those specific values.     I know that not All Christians think of murdering their son, beating children with a rod, offering their daughters for sex, believe that a woman worked with a snake to corrupt the origin perfect human - a single male made from dirt, or that women were createed from the rib of a man.    ================== It seems part of our human nature is  to 'rank' ourselves in comparison to others, in our personal life, our work life, even our spiritual lives.   It's impossible for a diverse culture to completely eliminate that conflict of human ego's.     When people must be 'ranked',  you can believe it creates anger and hostility.  LOL, look at this room!
The Crusades?  You find it "intolerant" that Christians fought back against Christian lands invaded by Muslims???  Ignorance is bliss!  Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
Be that as it may, Islam is a false religion so it's law is not from God. It would seem that you place Islam on a par with Christianity.
and the worthless criminal illegals that you lefties love bring all the drugs in. LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  President Trump will clean up the garbage soon. Wall going up and non humans packing up; Love It!  : )  Bye! don't come back, also, all muslims get out.
Thanks for confirming what I just said.  Yep, I'm a spoiled western woman who thinks her basic freedoms should not be sacrificed on the altar of "diversity". How disgusting! /s  Using a handful of "right-wing extremists" to dismiss concerns about the much more numerous Muslim extremists is an attempt at "intimidation.
Simple answer: people who don't like muslims care.
Of course the Chump would say that because chaos is a normality in the idiots life. Only a scumbag would grab pussy, stiff people who he owed money to, insult the parents of a Muslim soldier killed in action and think it's perfectly ok. Just thinking of what the scoundrel is allowed to get away with makes me want to throw up. Karma is a beach so to all of his loyal supporters keep your wives and daughters close to you.
History Lesson #2.  Muslims think women are property.  Wide spread rape is up all over Europe from immigrants.  You can legally do what ever you want to your wife in their system.  Don't let your hatred from Trump blind you from these backwards thinkers.
All terrorist bombers have not been "all male" as his"largeness", Mayor Nenshi has suggested  Many have been women , or men dressed as women. When a very public mantra of these Muslims has been to  "KILL the INFIdels" it is very understandable that  one would not want them in our country. The problem becomes - how to tell the good ones from the bad ones.  So one becomes inclined to err on the side of choosing life over possible death. Some religion!- more like a club for thugs and thieves.
As a Christian, think we both agree radical religious terrorists are a blight at best and our world would be a much better place if they didn't exist.  Sadly for any people of faith (Christian, Muslim, Jewish, etc), our hearts are heavy when people justify horrific actions in the name of their faith, twisting the beliefs as they act counter to what mainstream believers hold as most important.  There will always be those who are on the fringe or have crossed over into mental illness.
Oh Douglas, you are so ignorant of Islam's true nature, which is Sharia Laws command that everyone convert or die.  Find out what "Taqiyya" means, and get back to me.  The attack on the Eugene Mosque is what we used to call Karma.  And yes, that is their own fault.
You fail to refute anything in the article for the very good reason that you can't.  The article I cited -- one of several I could have cited -- demonstrates that the claim that Trump's Muslim ban is rooted in an Obama policy is false. Your post demonstrates ... well, it demonstrates nothing. Just empty bluster, much like Puppet President Trump himself.
Good insight on the coalition. One more segment you may want to add are the ultra right-wing racist, misogynist, Islamophobic, homophobic supporters that Trump's candidacy & presidency brought out from the shadows and who feel legitimized and emboldened by Trump's rhetoric. This minority (I hope) is what some equate with Trump's base, although, as you point out, it's much more diverse.
@Kukailimoku, I think @John Kawamoto has it right.  At a December 2015 rally in Charleston, South Carolina, just a few days after the San Bernardino shooting, Trump told thousands of supporters:  "Donald J. Trump is calling for a complete and total shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on."  I read "complete and total" to mean "all", don't you?
This is the kind of hate crime that Donald Trump has given rise to.   In fact, shortly after this occurred a member of the mosque was taped saying that this was because of Trump, but this was not mentioned in this article.  Hate crimes against Muslims, blacks and other visible minorities have skyrocketed throughout North America because the man in the White House has given them license to do so. The very day the world is sent into chaos because of Trump's Muslim ban from 7 countries that the Cato Inst. says are responsible for 0 American deaths (but excludes Egypt, UAE. and Saudi Arabia, who are responsible for hundreds/thousands of American deaths because  Trump  has businesses there),  this tragedy occurs. Trump and Bannon this is on you.  You fan the flames of racism and hatred against our brothers and sisters of colour. You said on TV you favoured Christian over Muslim immigrants!  Canadians don't want your condolences.  Keep them and lift the travel ban against Muslims NOW!
The one-sided-ness is truly ridiculous, isn't it?  There is simply no attempt to be impartial.  Anything islamic simply *must* be explained away and ALL those who question it *must* be either silenced and/or shamed.  Good thing it doesn't work anymore, but it's a shame they still try.
Since Islamists have stated that their ultimate goal is to take over the world for Allah (by force if necessary), it would seem that if you're not Muslim then being Islamophobic would be a wise course of action.
Go back to raping young boys McElroy and stay out of American politics you fat pedophile pig  The Catholic Church has become a joke  The socialist communist pope preaching to Trump to take more Muslim murderous refugees and ms 13 drug dealing child rapists DUI sucking American taxpayers dry  While IGNORING THE MASS GENOCIDE OF COPTIC CHRISTIANS AND GAYS AND WOMEN THROUGHOUT ARAB WORLD WHILE SWEEPING THE PEDOPHILE CRIMES OF PRIEST LIKE MCELROY UNDER THE CARPET FU CATHOLIC CHURCH BTW IM CATHOLIC BUT THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IS BECOMING A COMMUNIST VIOLENT ORGANIZATION
Do you know the nationality of the majority of terrorists that were on board the planes that brought down the twin towers?.  Ever wonder why Agent Orange never banned those countries with his "Muslim terrorist ban"?.
Yeah... That sounds really terrible. God forbid someone attacks the poor Jews. Or worse....   like, say... Oh I don't know.. plant bombs in civilian areas just to frame Jews. Or really disgusting, like ... attack an unarmed battle ships for 90 minutes, just to frame Jews...    Maybe bomb  a disco in Germany or a hotel in Jerusalem..., just to say... Oh I don't know... frame Jews! Or maybe something more creative like...  and I'm just guessing here...  fly planes into buildings rigged with explosives by undercover operatives posing as starving artists ...   Can you image the kind of people who would do that?  They would certainly deserve to be wiped out, don't you think? I know Jews would agree since they think it should happen to Muslims ... right?
Muslims can't coexist with us, PERIOD. Their Sharia law flys in the face of everything we stand for. If someone of Arab descent wants to move here legally fine with me, but leave your religion behind. Want to keep your religion, ok well pick some place to live that has the same ideas you have. These other countries have had a crime wave since they started letting more Muslims in. If they are so offended why don't they just offer to take all the Muslims the US doesn't want, because the truth is they don't want them either. https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharia
Don't blame ordinary Canadians for being "Islamophobic". The fear of Islam did not arise from nowhere. You can blame Islamist terrorists and Muslims who hold extreme views for creating this fear in us. We would be foolish not to fear Islam.
By the way, before anyone wants to strike me down for my honest opinions, I suggest you check out some work, as I have, from Canadian Muslim -:- Irshad Manji, and once destined to be Canadian Muslim -:- Ayaan Hirsi Ali.  Don't come railing against me -- you pedantic commentators here who know who you are -- without solid backup. I'm half way through the Quran right now, so shut it before you open it: that is your mouths!
Muslims have to decide now. You cannot protect criminals and discriminate against non muslms,  it wont be tolerated anymore.
All I know is that I was watching coverage on BBC and it was 4 hours after the attack - they interviewed a number of Muslims criticizing the police for not declaring it a "terrorist attack" - the police were still investigating and it was and declared later. But they seemed to be a little quick in the criticizing. I hadn't heard that complaint in other coverage - actually too much coverage and far too many incidents of radial Muslims driving people over..... That's all......
Why single out Muslims? The guys who blew up the Murrah Bldg. in Oklahoma City were Christians. Most religions have their violent extremists. Christians have killed far more innocent people, especially Muslims, than vice-versa. Sanctions alone, before we began bombing Iraq, caused the premature deaths of a million & a half Iraqis. Clinton's Sec'y of state, Madeleine Albright, when asked if the deaths of half a million Iraqi kids had been worth it, said "We think it was worth it, because it showed sanctions were working." George W. Bush, phony Christian, waged "Shock & Awe"bombing on Iraq that killed or caused the premature death of up to another million & a half, & forced 4 million to flee their homes to suffering & poverty in refugee camps. "Born-again Christian" W later admitted freely that Saddam had NOTHING to do with 9/11. This "Christian" nation is the only country that's used nuclear weapons, on civilians yet, killing over 100,000 of them, & even a bunch of American P.O.W.s.
Now if we look at the idiots behind the guns of massacres like this one in Orlando, what common denominator do we find?  2 were mentally ill and this guy and the San Bernardino shooters were Muslim (and possibly mentally ill).  In all 4 cases, all shooters were registered Democrats. Same for pretty much every mass shooting. You'd be hard pressed to find a mass murderer or assassin in US History who wasn't a registered Democrat. - Ban Guns from Democrats
Wrinkle ? How About FULL SCALE RETARD....Want to Know About Friday Prayers ? Here's a clip from a SENATE Study and Report on THREATS facing Canada by a  Notable Muslim Advisor that CLEARLY tells us what goes on , On Friday....You Infidels out, there Wont Like It..  BTW and FYI , Non Muslims are the infidels ... https://youtu.be/xONYrtJ6ZlM
Don't imply even via rhetorical "question" that I said "all Jews committed war crimes".  I referred to ZIONISTS.  I oppose Zionism for the same reasons I oppose Nazism and Apartheid--doesn't mean I hate Jews, Germans or Boers.  The Zionist entity isn't a theocracy.  It's a secular, openly ANTI-SEMITIC apartheid state.  I AM a Semite--descended from a Syrian Sephardic Jewish immigrant.  The REAL anti-Semites are the Zionist Ashkenaziim, who are NOT Semites but derive from the Turk-related Khazars, originating in the Black Sea region, who converted to the Jewish faith in the 8th century; they rule "Ersatz Isra'el", and they've persecuted not only Semitic Muslims and Christians, but Arab and African Jews.  Research the Zionists' DELIBERATE irradiation of over 100,000 Sephardic Jewish CHILDREN with US Army X-ray machines giving 35,000 times the maximum dose! Killed THOUSANDS of them!  They're still dying of cancer and leukemia today.  The Zionists learned their lessons from the Nazis WELL!
You misunderstood his reference to the numbers. I think he meant that if the voters were "nasty, anti-Muslim bigots", they were only 36 out of a town of over 6,000.
<Some are good people who were duped.> If they were duped it's because they willfully choose to confine their "news" to Fox, Limbaugh, Drudge, et al. No sympathy there from me.  <some are afraid of a world changing faster than they can make sense of and some just don't know what to do with their discontent.> Cry me a river! If that's their pitiful excuse for voting for the P*ssy Grabber-in-Chief, that's not nearly good enough. Try again.  Finally, I think we already understand Red State voters who voted against their own economic interests well enough. Many, if not most, were guided by Fox News' methodical twenty-year demonization of Hillary Clinton, many of them truly do hate blacks, gays, Mexicans, and Muslims, and will never ever vote for a Democrat because of that and because they think Republicans affirm their various phobias and hatreds.   When you can figure out a way to circumvent that mindset by all means let the rest of us know. Then we'll be on to something.
Oh it makes plenty of sense.  No where does Jesus command to kill in His name.  (The Crusades, anyway, were defense against muslim invasion)  Meanwhile there are plenty of *active* commands in islam to kill. Or lie. Or do whatever it takes to advance sharia.
And what are they murdering for? It's because the terrorists want sharia law in the whole country. They want a theocratic Islamic state. Atheists and secularists are being murdered by Islamists in Pakistan on a regular basis.
No, I'm saying punishing the millions of Muslim women who get an education because of the 1000s who are forbidden to puts, you on the same levels as those who burn down the schools.
Muslims wanting to murder Americans began before 2001.... You got one thing right, Clinton wasn't elected in office because America is tired of shoving imperialism down the throat of the Middle East.
Let's be honest Mr. Trump. This measure is to fulfill a racist pledge to your lowest-common-denominator supporters to ban Muslims and by trying to disguise it as a security proposal to "...temporarily ban refugees as well as travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries." isn't fooling anyone with half a brain.
Islamophobia is perfectly understandable, even justifiable. Why? Four reasons:  1. While many Muslims are nice people, invite 20 million to come here, and Canada will be a Muslim society with a Muslim government. Some Canadians are asking themselves: Do we want to live in a society similar to those in the Middle East? Also, long before Canada has 20 million Muslims, there will be attempts to change our society, such as demands for the introduction of Sharia law.  2. The violent conflicts between Muslim groups in the Middle East are well known. Do we want to import those conflicts into Canada?  3. Many Canadians from Europe are familiar with the history of the "white slave trade". Between 1600 and 1830, 2.6 million white girls and boys were kidnapped and sold in the Middle East slave markets to serve as labourers, domestics and sex slaves in harems. The Barbary pirates in North Africa sailed as far north as Ireland & Iceland to kidnap white children. (continued below)
...(cont'd from above)...   John O’Donnell, former president of Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City, quoted Trump’s criticism of a black accountant in his 1989 book: "Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day…I think that the guy is lazy. And it’s probably not his fault, because laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is, I believe that. It’s not anything they can control.”   Trump played a big role in pushing false rumors that Obama — the country’s first black president — was not born in the US. He even sent investigators to Hawaii to look into Obama's birth certificate.  Trump has repeatedly referred to Mexican immigrants as “criminals” and “rapists”, plans to build a border wall & force Mexico to pay for it, repeatedly referred to Senator Elizabeth Warren as “Pocahontas” due to her Cherokee ancestry, called for a complete ban on all Muslims entering the US  (cont'd below)....
be truthful, you don't love ben, you love what he stands for - anti rail.  about muslims, whose religion hates women, hates all other religions, will kill anyone who so much denigrate their religion, hates gays, etc.  do you love them?  do you love whites that hate blacks and all minorities?  or hate them?  do you hate native Hawaiians who hate haoles?  you are a hypocrite.
One more point: The anti-headscarf campaign and the muslim snitch line might have cost Harper another term, but Trump's anti-Mexican rants and his pledge to inventory and evict Muslims from his country have actually helped propel him to power.  So what are we left with?  Political policies in Canada that seek to disenfranchise or outright criminalize the poor and Muslims.... and a recently elected President who has pledged to do the same, but has thrown Latin Americans into the mix.  To someone on the "winning" side (wealthy whites) this may not LOOK like fascism, but once a party's political opposition are deprived of their rights, who's left to stop you from doing whatever you want?  I'm a stubborn fiscal conservative.  I hate seeing tax money get wasted on any service that isn't absolutely necessary... but I'm not an idiot, and I'm not about to stand by while an elected leader methodically eliminates the democratic rights of his opposition.  That's bad for everyone.
Your examples of moral equivalency fail to hit the mark by a long shot.  First of all, the United States is not a Christian nation. European countries -- forget about it!  Secondly, no one commits atrocities in the Name of our Savior.  Islamic terrorists regularly kill and enslave in the name of Islam and even cry out "Allah Akbar" when committing their crimes against humanity.  A genocide against Christians is taking place right now in Islamic countries.  The atrocities against women and gays are unspeakable.   Christians and Muslims have a different understanding of the God of Abraham. For Muslims, this God is pure will.  For Christians, God is love.
But it is.  Because the religion itself and practiciers of are not trying to kill you.  Specific radical individuals are trying to kill you.  But they no more represent Islam than all of the white christian mass shooters in the US represent Christianity.
This "Islamophobia" label is as tired as it is wrong.  Religious prejudice being what it is, Islamic peoples have a strong leaning towards anti-Semitism, and when they blow things up or persecute minorities from the ancient churches, anti-Christianism. Then, of course, there's the terrible history that followed Mountbatten's Partition and the millions of lives that were lost in the conflicts between India and Pakistan. So Islamic peoples also have a history of Hinduphobia that most people in the West are ignorant of.   So let's say that if you're an Islamophile, you could well be a Judeo-Christian-o-phobe and a Hinduphobe.  If you want to throw the Islamophobia label around, you can't suck and blow at the same time.  The Liberal motion M103 privileges Islamic peoples over Hindus, Christians, and Jews who have been subject to persecution by Islamic groups.     Justin Trudeau is very ignorant and very wrong.
Japan did however have a problem with domestic terrorism with their own citizens releasing poison gas in train stations a while back.  The US had a problem in the 80's and 90's with White Christian Males.  Then there were the IRA bombing in the UK for decades.  Terrorism is nothing knew and now it just happens that if you are a Muslim it is a terrorist act, but anything else it is a mad man, - personally I don't think there is any difference between the man who shoot up his former work place in FL yesterday and these 3 men in London.  Also not widely reported is that while we have these attacks in the West - they have been going on in the rest of the world as well and the vast majority of people killed by ISIS is other Muslims.
Every attack including 9/11 has been preceded by an attack on Muslims. The nut jobs are our politicians who insist on sending troops into Muslim territory killing Muslims, and we, the public who stand by and say nothing..
If anyone can post a SINGLE Muslim nation that treats women and gays as equal in law, I'd be very curious to hear it.
Jewish describes an adherent of judiasm, like muslim describes an adherent of islam.
Interesting that Ellison has taken back his nasty comment about Trump, but,  it really isn't very important..  It's far more important to know if Ellison has renounced the Islamic doctrine of "death to the infidels".  If he has, that would be very, very significant, because very few Muslim individuals have ever renounced Islamic doctrine.  The Islamic doctrine of "death to renunciates" may have something to do with that.  And, if he hasn't, that, too, is very, very significant, since the USA is a nation of "infidels".
Traditional Europe changing to Eurabia has just been accelerated dramatically by an incompetent woman in way over her head as Chancellor of Germany.  She has flooded her country with hundreds of thousands of illiterate Muslim men who are hard core unemployable and will never assimilate,
Most of these idiots (especially the antifa fascists) are being trained by Middle Eastern (Muslim Brotherhood) terrorists organizations who Obama allowed into the country:  Hamas, PLO, etc.  Many of these  "Useful Idiots" on the left do not realize this.  If they do bring about the Repressive society that they say they want,  ALL of these idiots will be crushed because they're no longer "useful"!  There are just so many (very few) who will run the system and thereby gain the system!  That leaves us with: Those who run the system and the "Great Unwashed"!  Over 99% of the people will be with the latter!
Nothing gets the leftist wasp nest going like Christianity and threats to abortion. 45 likes; congratulations. How many of you have ever actually been oppressed by a Christian for Christian reasons? And you do know that there are millions of anti-abortion atheists.They are simply people that want no part of a barbaric procedure of convenience in order to escape the consequences of an irresponsible decision. You are so quick to characterize all Christians by this man's actions, actually only threats, and draw some kind of moral equivalence to Muslim extremists around the world who are murdering in the most brutal ways imaginable. Most of the killing done by "Christian" countries has many different geopolitical reasons. With Muslim extremists it's all the same. Convert or die. Also you might look at the historical death toll of your fellow travelers on the left (a religion). I'll get you started: Joseph Stalin, 20 million dead; Mao, 15-45 million dead; Pol Pot 6 million dead; Hitler.....
Burying this story under oblique language 'Coptic churches' obfuscates what occured--muslims once again slaughtering Christians, this time in their place of worship, on one of the holiest days in the Christian calendar, Palm Sunday. Where are all the screaming headlines, the soul searching, the gnashing of morality; where are all the pundits decrying this blatant Christianphobia; where are the politicians bowing their heads in Parliament? Hyprocrites.
yeah I maybe spread the blame a little thick, your letter just seemed to melt into the anti-Trump bias that gets repeated over and over andover again. Racist, misogynyst,(sp), homophobe, Islamaphobe, oligarch, pedophile, etc. etc etc. And you're right reputation doesn't make things right.  But, if you'll open your eyes you will realize Muslim immigrants from the 7 countries Obama named, 6 of which Trump agreed to, ARE  a danger and serious threat to ANYONE that doesn't believe in whichever faction they are.  I base my discrimination on their psychotic behavior.
It's a Muslim ban.  Facts are stubborn.
I see your logic -- because a white man killed people in Las Vegas, it means that Muslim terrorism should be ignored.    Brilliant.
The only place I can speak to first hand is Paris. I go relatively often, and there isn't one part of it that is unsafe to walk in by male or female, day or evening. My last trip, some time after that Fox News apology, I stayed in a hotel on the edge of one of the supposed 'no-go zones.' No problem whatsoever. Those articles are alarmist crap, written by a professional anti-muslim propagandist, in one case.
My understanding is that the Burmese lived with the Rohingya Muslim presence for a century and a half, during which the Rohingya increased greatly in number through procreation. Troubles began when the Rohingya gained a significant local majority and started persecuting non-Muslims in their vicinity. Beheadings of Buddhist monks and, finally, the brutal rape and killing of a woman by the Muslims touched off the current violence. So it's questionable whether the Rohingyas are the victims here.
It's those darn Istanbul settlements. Time for Kerry and Obama to condemn those Muslims. Oh, I forgot. No Jews involved.
So in other words a friendly, peace-oriented gay organization got taken out by a terror group  This is how hate groups,, Marxists, Communists, Globalists, etc infiltrate simple good-spirited organizations and turn them into hate spewing, evil, and  mean-spirited gangs.  Expect more of the same in Canada  I walked in pride parades even though I am not gay. I appreciate the spirit of gay community and the general goodwill they have. This is a tragedy.  BLM is all about hate and terror. They hate whites of all walks - period. Their actions the last 5 years have proven that. What happened??? Evil happened Next up Sharia gangs in our neighborhoods.  This Black and Brown Muslim Terror thing is really the greatest threat to our society I think You can bet the announcements will be ONLY BLACK MUSLIM GAY PEOPLE CAN WALK! (If there are any left) Yup its all about inclusion isn't it?
Muslims have honestly over the centuries earned their revulsion from the other people who try to live in this world also.
So a few radical Islamic terrorist are cutting off heads of Christians, and NEVER do they do that to Muslims? Whats this "we" when you refer to Christians?  Because if you think you are a Christian, you are wrong.  oh, and since I don't believe in any of that garbage, yes, I will judge you.
It's about time. The rest of us have been fearing for our safety since Muslim terrorism reared it's ugly head.
Regarding: "He urged that a stand be taken against “the indoctrination of Islam” in public schools” and also referred to the “Muslim horde” that invaded Constantinople hundreds of years ago."  Shoot... based on his statement above, I'd vote for him to lead the U.S. Army.
He'd stand a better chance of beating the rap if he were a muslim "refugee" or an illegal alien.
Only angry fools would tear up Korans or believe that doing something like that is helpful.  And most people know that the vast majority of Muslims are peaceful and just trying to earn a living like everyone else. Still, our self described "thought leaders" need to dial back the tolerance shaming when perfectly reasonable people ask such questions as: * Why is an inordinate amount of violence in the world associated with Islamic societies? * Why are western progressives silent on the incongruities between women's rights, LGBTQ rights, and religious and cultural relativism? * Why do certain parliamentary motions imply that some religions are more worthy of protection than others? * Why are requests for religious accommodation in schools and other places made by Muslims often treated more solicitously than similar requests made by Christians, Jews, Hindus et al?   The answers are rooted in politics and cowardice.  Muslims are the biggest losers when such questions go unanswered.
School of hard knocks...Syrian muslim female, remove your head scarves and your big enveloping baggy voluminous clothes. Look how Canadian women dress. Copy.  How you dress is what people see first. The head scarves are a red flag to most Canadians. You will close doors.  This is one of the school of hard knocks. You are not in a muslim country.
Never Trust a Muslim! Never heard an Imam denounce Lying, denounce non-believers are Infidels! Their followers believe their faith as much as Christians do theirs. Well, I not saying "All" Muslims but I just can't tell which sect a Muslim is from. There are good and bad, that's the problem. And I'm not one to be REACTIVE but PROactive as to the Fanatic Muslim/Islam terrorists. It is what it is, Why not have the Good Muslims enlist into the Military as the American Japanese did in WW2 to fight off the Japan Imperialist?  The AJ enlisted in droves in the island chain and fought to show where their true hearts were for, AMERICA!
well trump will be banning muslims for a while in a few weeks, thank god!!
Here I'll say it Radical Islam  There! Everyone feel better!  It's a great law by the way. I wish wimpy would pass one instead of trying to wipe out the economy with taxes to pay for all these 10K a month immigrants.  Check this out  In Nova Scotia - the feds are paying immigrants 10K a month while they are processed. These families are buying houses to try to flip while they wait.  The politicians are all on the take from developers who are reaping billions from house sales to immigrants with no jobs....
"Concern for those suffering persecution and even genocide in the Middle East cannot be exclusive to Christians, said the U.S. Catholic bishops, but must take in concern for all in that region “who suffer persecution, both minorities and majorities,” including Muslims."  The US Catholic bishops are the ones at the forefront of this entire destructive mess that has now engulfed much of the world. Do they EVER get it???They are both schizoid and schizogenic.
well said,  as christians although not being threatend,  are being systematically eliminated from the muslim world
What can be discussed on the pages of this newspaper if you have established pro-Islamic anti-white censorship on its pages and drop comments that you don't like?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTDvh5IiPPo  So many of the protesters are not the stereotypical white Anglo Saxon racists,  as is always the implication of such  stories, but immigrants from eastern countries,  Hindus,  Buddhists  and various brown skinned people who know first hand what living amongst Muslims is all about. Many are in Canada precisely because  Muslim violent aggressions  drove them out of their home lands.
The genocide against Christians in the Middle East continues.  These are the refugees we should be taking, not Syrian or Iraqi muslims.  They have countries. Middle Eastern Christians do not.
That's just ridiculous!!! Just because of this political correctness BS I'm dressing up as KKK. One of my kids is going to be a white cop chasing my other kid which will be a black criminal. He will be pretending to shoot at the criminal. My other kid will be a Muslim terrorist. Why you ask. Cause I'm sick of walking on eggshells trying not to offend crybaby libtards.
Paliswine gloating.  Well, they will eventually slaughter their fellow muslimes in Hebron just as they do in all arab muslime areas in the world.  Muslimes are scum of the universe.
RangerMC, I suppose you think that terrorism is okay if it's made in the USA because Trump's racist pronouncements have ennobled white supremacists, the KKK, neo-Nazis, skinheads, and other racist groups.  Hate incidents are increasing, and Trump has no answer to increases in homegrown terrorism.  For example, when asked about anti-Semitism at a recent press conference, he disjointedly referred to the size of his Electoral College victory.   Law enforcement agencies in the United States consider anti-government violent extremists, not radicalized Muslims, to be the most severe threat of political violence.
The syrian rebels ( islamic terrorist) want their brand of islam ( sunni) to rule the earth while assad (shia) wants his brand of islam to rule the earth. This has been going on since 650AD.  Neither sides recognizes democracy as they are all muslims.  western nations should not provide any aid to muslim countries.
Obama  still has a bit of wave to ride, but had he run in the last election he would have seen that his devious nature, his resentment of historic American society, and his hypocrisy overall were wearing down his numbers . His support base in the USA is largely race based, and everywhere they sent him that last ten days to campaign for Hillary, In Miami, North Carolina, Detroit, Philidelphia and Ohio...SHE LOST. Mexicans and blacks support Obama. It is a shame that politics in the USA came down to race. In France Obama is no here. Many in the world view him as pro muslim, in the extreme. In France he would have no impact whatsoever, even if he said vote for MARIE LE PEN.  She is the leader they need at this time. She will take France out of the EU, for sure.
This type of nonsense shows just how far the arrogant religious PC movement has gone.  The Northwest Christian University officials are no better than the Muslim extremist and how they treat women.
Just another visit with one of his Muslim backers - Do we really need any more Middle Eastern pressure on our Canadian government ? No more Syrian Refugees until Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , Oman  and Qatar start to take Muslim Refugees ! If this isn't a Canadian Invasion of Muslims I shudder to think of what it really is ! Enough is Enough !
This is far from being a "gratuitous smear". Trump's angry, racist remarks about Mexicans and Muslims have emboldened the alt-right and other white supremacist groups who now feel it's acceptable to attack anyone who doesn't meet their white, Christian American standards.
Yes, that is true.  In 2015 it was a Muslim ban. --- Except that the 2015 promise became moot  in 2016. ---  In 2016 months before the election of November 8, 2016, Trump made a change to his 2015 promise of a Muslim ban into a Promise To Ban Muslims only on Certain Territories and Only on Certain Territories.
"...he had a prayer rug at work and took regular breaks for muslim prayers...."  That just means he discovered the hard way there's 10 different factions of Islam ,and they all hate and want to kill each other.  Assuming your statement is true , that is.
Earlier this year Islamophobia saved Notre Dame in Paris from being blown up by a car bomb driven by 3 Muslim women in burqas.  People thought it very odd that three women in black drapery covering their faces were driving erratically around the cathedral looking for a parking spot. The car was filled with  propane gas canisters and would have collapsed a good portion of the 1000 year old monument.  There have been 3 such attempts by Muslims to destroy the cathedral in 2 years.  To more and more people in Europe and North America now, Islamophobia is just common sense.
MUSLIM AND ISLAM DOES NOT BELONG IN THE WEST BRING IN MORE JEWS ITALIANS, GREEK , FRENCH EUROPEANS FORGET THE LEACHING MUSLIMS  ARAB TYPES
We all know that muslims are against all other religions. Thats why they are not compatible with american citizenship
Sorry Robin. If we're going to judge Muslims by the worst element then we're going to do the same for Christians, Jews, Buddhists, Scientologists.
Fortunately it is unusual for these Muslim extremists committing terrorist acts in the west to be asylum seekers.    This lone wolf being an asylum seeker is an anomaly.  Generally, these lone wolves are the offspring of Muslim immigrants and have have been born in the country that they have terrorized.
As I get older, I realize how truly stupid I am. But I am a Presbyterian and I know this: If I looked back at the last 100 terrorist attacks and found that 95 of them were committed by Presbyterians, it would be painfully clear that there was something dramatically wrong in the Presbyterian church. I would demand that substantial changes be made, including but not limited to denouncing and eliminating all glorificatrion of violence in scriptures, inscriptions, etc. I would insist that our preachers declare regularly that anyone who participates in terrorism or supports anyone who does, is a criminal and is going to hell and will be cast out of the church. If this didnt happen, I would abandon the church and become a vocal critic. In case you think this makes me exceptional, think again. This makes me normal and civilized. I know for a fact that the vast majority of Presbyterians would take the same stand. Now for one of the many things I dont know: Why arent moslems doing this?
As we watch yet again the frothing left slobbering with frothing spittle on all of us, I have a question that never gets asked nor will it ever get answered. You want anti Muslim people ( who have aright to be what they want to be and believe what they want to believe under our constitution - lets not forget this) haters (your word) hunted like criminals. Yet you never bring this up The Muslim culture and their religion Islam are like barbarians. They stone women like the middle ages They mercy kill women for some twisted belief that they have the right to They genital mutilate girls They refuse to admit that Islam is really a totalitarian political system with a small group of dictators running it) Iran, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, etc. They make women cover themselves and walk 15 feet behind men. Reconcile that Tell us why you condone this? Don't twist it - answer it
My husband is Muslim. He thinks burqas are ridiculous.
No, because Muslims don't let their women out of the home.  They also don't have gender fluidity.  Therefore, the only option is a manhunt.
Absolute bloody rubbish. Trump supporters have the attention span of a Goldfish, with half of their working brain cells. These are people who sent money to Jimmy Swaggart, believe Saddam Hussein was involved in 9/11, and believe that Obama was born in Kenya and is a secret Muslim. Throughout the election they lappped up fake news posted by teenage Bulgarian scammers, and they're certain that Hillary was running a child sex ring out of a Washington Pizza shop. You and your ilk have utterly no comprehension of critical thought, and will believe anything that your rabid right sites tell you.
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! RADICAL ISLAMIC...oh wait.
Jews and Muslims are different kettles of fish.  Some Jews are hostile to Xmas because they see Jesus as a renegade Jew, or nonexistent, or his followers as heretic Jews, etc., and the source of all their troubles for the last 2000 years.  Muslims see him as a great prophet, they even venerate Mary, and recognize the Virgin birth. Some fundamentalists believe they should not recognize Xmas, but like all fundies, they should be ignored.  Here is a better model:  http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/christmas-big-hit-islamic-republic-pakistan-n270666  http://blogs.tribune.com.pk/story/20265/i-am-a-muslim-who-celebrates-christmas-and-you-should-too/
Chin is right.  The terrorists are already here and are citizens of all races.  Angry white men have been terrorists more than Muslims.  We need to get real for a change.
The author was referring to young men in general, not young Muslim men only.  Nice try at setting up a straw man to easily blow down.  Most of the data the author quoted came from the USA, where Muslim young men make up an insignificant fraction of the overall population of young men.  Huge portions of urban USA have problems of violence, drug use, unemployment, you name it.  None of it is related in any way to Islam; in fact right wing Christianity has more influence in these areas.  Read the article again; the point is that young men in general throughout western society are growing up without the influence of a father figure and they end up easily radicalized as a result.  That means gangs in inner cities and peddling drugs, etc., and of course a small proportion also get involved in radical Islam.  Roughly half of the Canadian young men who joined ISIS, were not raised as Muslims and had absolutely no Muslim influence until finding ISIS on the internet.
Presumably, your "non PC Big Tent" allows for free expression by gays, Muslims and NAMBLA, too.
Denouncing hatred is not a brave moral stand, it's a sentiment.  There's nothing morally serious here.  A totalitarian political ideology is professed by hundreds of millions of people globally.  But this naive woman believes the appropriate corrective to mistrust of Muslims is to pretend it isn't happening..   Wente's treats religion as a quaint anachronism.  These precepts which have been carried out for over a thousand years are inextricable from their eschatology.  That law cannot be domesticated by an ape or a pig.  I think we all agree you "have no idea how this will work out",   but this culpable ignorance is damnable Margaret Wente. Your ilk will be cursed and despised in the agonies of coming generations,.  The More innocent "neither does anybody else" does not extend to hundreds of Millions of Muslims nor to me.    I am not Mohammed who would drag you kicking and screaming into paradise.  I would be content for you to choose damnation.  I am but the warner you fool.
Wow..."Muslim refugees behead them in public one day for supporting LBGQ, pro-abortion, womens' rights and other highly anti-Islam ideologies!"...Aren't those ALSO the things Trumpers are also against???...Sounds like you guys have a lot in common with these Terrorist...#MAGA
The Chump has some nerve. He never apologizes for his disgusting and sick antics. Everything from grabbing pu--y to insulting the parents of a Muslim military officer who was killed in action is fine with you Chumpsters. Hope the next pu--y that he grabs belongs to your wife or daughter. Maybe that will snap you back into reality.
Islam is a common denominator for Terrorism. We will not be silenced. Free speech in not hate speech.
No one sees terrorists, of the Islamic or far right variety (extremists of any kind), as poor and misunderstood.  But nice try to spread more fear, bigotry and hate.
Do these girls face genital mutilation as they do in Islamic cultures?
One big difference between the Muslims and the Japanese who were in the United States. The Japanese didn't suddenly and without warning, radicalize, yell out "Buddha Akbar", and start slaughtering people.
Not Islamic terrorists, rather, devout Moslems.
All Christians, Jews and other religious denominations are angered and will retaliate every time another Muslim demand is made and honoured.     This is beyond ridiculous that Muslims are allowed to force their religion down our throats.   This is a very serious situation and there will be more violent attacks when our government refuses to curb this activity.   Muslims can take time from their days at school to pray, yet our Lord's prayer has been dismissed as being controversial.    Yes, this is going to get very ugly and could easily turn into civil war. That comment is not outrageous.  Muslims have come from that very climate and they didn't leave that on the shores behind them.   This is just the beginning of a rally.
No, Dennis.  You're obviously missing the point.  It's that Muslims, by their very existence, provoke violence, ergo .....  This entire thing is so incredibly, incredibly offensive.  It's the proverbial living nightmare......
Radical Muslims  want to kill infidels and destroy the west, Moderate Muslims want  them to, so there's nothing to speak up about.
John, basically your claim is that Catholics are homophobic, that orthodox Jews are homophobic, and that Muslims are homophobic.  That seems to support a couple of conclusions:  you're intolerant, you're a heterophobe.  If the shoe fits, wear it.
ISIS has killed far more Muslims than Christians. --- Not that makes things better but ISIS did not kill Muslims for being Muslims. They do kill Christians just for being Christians.  In ISIS' words: Christians are their "favorite prey".
Read that Political Islam in this Country is allying with the Democrats and teaching them how they deal with their enemies in the ME!.  If this is true they all need to be labeled  HATE groups and either have their citizenship revoked, or if they are American citizens from birth they need to be arrested!
Then why aren’t Muslim men wearing this religious symbol instead of only submissive Muslim women ?
"...except for the part where Muslim isn't a "race,""  I know.  That's implicit in my post.
WOW OKAY, so Muslim flight attendants can wear their stupid little hijab head scarf rag?
If this woman was black or brown and a Muslim the jury and the courts would impose an immediate, maximum sentence.
Why the hell do Muslims want to come to Canada if we are such a despicable bunch of racist kurrs?  Oh but they forgive us and try to accept us.   How magnanimous.  How much of their objection to us is just taqiyya?
The headline makes it sound like it's the School Board promoting hate. Not cool. It should read "Ontario School Board's support prompts anti-Muslim backlash." The school board is not fueling this hate. The hate is coming from bigotry and racism.
You seem to ignore the facts. There were 32,000 terrorist attacks by muslims against the rest of the world in the last 15 years.  And even the Quebec mosque murders was not a terrorist attack.  How many buddhist attacks have you seen? Or even christian attacks?  To my knowledge the number is 0.  With such a high number of attacks by one single religion,  you really expect that muslims will be perceived in a good light?  Many times we deal with people, we dont even know their religion. It's never written on their foreheads.  So people like you instead of playing the offended should concede that there is a huge problem with islam.  And you should sympathize with anyone who is against this violence, and this hate against the rest of the world by muslims.  We need protection from muslims since they have showed how dangerous they are.
My feelings are not "astonishingly sensitive" and why should I or anyone else forget it?  Suppose a white entertainer got paid extremely well to come to college campuses to insult black Muslims.  Would you and your fellow progressive trolls be calling the feelings of black Muslims "astonishingly sensitive" and wonder why they just didn't "forget it?"  Gregory was a black racist who was paid handsomely for being a bigot;  you and the politically-correct progressives think that is wonderful.  You and your leftist pals are similar to racist, right-wing scum in your methods and extremism.    Radical, violent extremists from both the left and the right need to be purged from American society.
Hmmmm, your take on Christianity is limited, WA.  In the one I'm familiar with, Jesus invites anyone who is "burdened and heavy-laden" to come to Him, and He will give them rest.  My take on radical Islam is, "become a Muslim, or we will kill you."  i.e., a loving invitation, vs. a demand on threat of death.  I would agree that many who claim to be Christians often demonstrate quite un-Christlike behavior.  Look to the person of Jesus himself, and ignore the hypocrites, who Jesus himself warned about.
There may be an emergency in Québec over anti-Muslim feelings paralleling those in France, but this is not an emergency in the rest of Canada.  So some might ask, why doesn't Trudeau, as someone who trades on being French, confront the problems in his home province?  The answers are simple. Trudeau is at best ¼ Québécois, and, ah, sounds, ah, like someone with halting Ontario French-immersion French. Pure laine Québécois hate the Trudeau name, associating it with his putative father. He has no credibility.  So like Pierre Trudeau, the pathetic Justin is trying to game the rest of Canada, and blame it for the growing resentments in his home province. But across Canada, Canadians are hating Trudeau for his fraudulent carbon-taxing schemes.   Trudeau is playing the "Islamophobia" blame game to divert attention from his unpopularity, incompetence, and the corruption of his "pay to play" influence peddling.  He is a divisive loser, a bad clown. ▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰▰
So you're going to blame this on Trump not being a polished politician. Sorry, that does not fly. Trump is anti-Islam, his advisors are anti-Islam, his supporters are anti-Islam, and, like he said, he wanted a Muslim ban.  Considering a war on Islam is what "radical Islamist terrorists" want, it seems the president has played right into their hands.
Wrong! Real Canadians want the little potato to 'stand down' and let the big boys take care of the economy and dealing with Communist China. Obama and Hillary's shoe shine boy, picked the wrong shiny pony parade to be on, and it is time for the new reality. No more flooding the country with Muslim extremists and Communist Chinese fifth columnists unless junior wants the northern wall built first!
Muslims killing Muslims but the entire political and media structure of Canada can not deal with it. . Islam and Muslims that must change their ways, change their religious and cultural intolerance but that will never happen. Even before the blood has cooled, non Muslims are being scolded for being racists and Islamophobic despite having nothing to do with it,
You might be right Neko, but I think it was the fact I dared compare innocent Sandy Hook elementary school children gunned down by assault weapons with innocent children in the womb.  The compartmentalization I speak of is predicated on who does the killing.  White men with assault weapons are somehow different from any other class of human engaged in taking life.  White men with assault weapons are mentally ill, every other human class are murderers.    I think the one thing that really threw me about this incident is my first thought when I read about it at 1:30am out of a dead sleep when my phone when off.  "Please God don't tell me the shooter was Muslim or Black." When I realized this I was like 'how is sick is that thinking?'  And then I realized, it wasn't really all that sick.  It was the sign of the times.  I have subsequently found out I was hardly alone with that first initial thought....and that is representative of the sick state of affairs in this country.
ISIS already called on Muslims everywhere to kill infidels and non-believers.   ISIS is responsible, as far as I am concerned. ISIS is waging war against everyone who's not an Islamic fundamentalist, Islamist nut-case.
This story smacks of Islamophobia.
I assume that as a Turk, this guy is muslim so why would be have been drinking or on drugs.  In any case, throw the book at this clown and deport him forth with after he serves a lengthy prison sentence.
The liberal judges and AG Chin looked at Trump's Mulsim ban statements in Election 2016 and used those statements as an excuse to block the Executive Order on protecting the US from foreign terrorist entry. But did the judges not know exactly the religion of all the terrorists the Executive Order targeted?   Religion had nothing to do with the ban because Muslims and only Muslims were terrorists. - During Election 2016 all the horrifying acts of terror were committed by Muslims. Which triggered Trump to ban Muslims but only ----- "until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on" ----  (http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/07/politics/donald-trump-muslim-ban-immigration/index.html) - Trump' campaign speech and his anti-terror executive order had the very same structure as his campaign speech - (1) Muslims and only Muslims were terrorist (2) his reason for the ban were one and the same - until the US can figure out what is going on. -
You are right.... couldn't get past the part where he talks about grabbing pussy, where he makes fun of the disabled,where he talks about building a wall, and kicking out Muslims.  How can you love this country if you do all that?
It's OK a black man call you a white trash,  but if you say they are black, you get arrested for being a racist.  They pretend to brush it aside when ISIS killed innocent people and they are OK to let Muslim women wear Burqa on our streets but you wear a Great America hat, you are fired. They don't respect democratic vote and pretend to embrace in democracy.  Fck all these liberals idiots, they will turn your kids into Muslims one day.
Martin's written a fairly balanced article here, noting the Liberals' high points and low points over the last year.  It's pretty telling then, that I don't see any comments from grit supporters saying that Martin's being unfair noting the bad things, but I'm reading a lot from Tories irate that he mentioned the good ones.    These comment sections have really become a sort of  therapy for angry right-wingers: 'everything Trudeau's done (sorry, everything "junior" has done) is wrong and bad, I miss Harper'. I disagree with some things Trudeau has done also, but I don't miss the regressive Trump-like atmosphere of the Harper days.  Unlike Trump/Harper we don't demonize Muslim refugees, we do care about the environment, we do care about evidence, we don't make decisions strictly based on ideology - and its making the country better.  But the right wing haters will continue hating I guess...
"They talk about solidarity and the inclusion of people who are brown and black, Muslim, native, LGBTQIA (the I and A “visibilizes” intersex and asexual individuals), disabled and those of diverse faiths"  The above smacks of the exclusion of white women. Those are not 'cool'. What a horrible article!
Gee Whitakers. You post a comment in this newspaper and you get your account deleted. Just because you are against islamic misogyny and muslims throwing gays off buildings.  I thought we all could be against that type of hatred.  I guess not.
First off, what you call as an insult "lefties" don't want to "leave the doors open" to Muslim terrorists. That is complete nonsense, a fact which is proved by the strict vetting practices during the Obama administration that kept all Muslin terrorists out. You talk as though liberals want terrorists in the US. If we did, then why are we outraged by our domestic terrorists who have committed many horrible murders against their fellow citizens? As for the murder of Heather Heyer in Charlottesville, one killing is enough. You are heartless. At least you didn't say, as the NAZI march organizer did, that she deserved it.   If Trump were any good at all at his job, the criticism would have no effect; but unfortunately, Trump is so incompetent that it boggles the mind. Trump has lost all support from Republicans, and his administrative aids are either deserting him or being fired. You can't blame Trump's total incompetence on the media.
A third term for Obama?  Yeah!  More Muslim prayer rugs and transgender dressing in the military, more national debt--let's go for $50T.  Fewer to no Christian crosses and crèches anywhere.   More inedible school lunches,.  More unemployed and underemployed.  More bypassing the U.S. Constitution.  More freebies for the masses supported by more taxes for working people.  More tribes--class tribes, racial tribes, generation tribes, gender tribes, gender identity tribes.  More big government control of everything because we, the people, are too stupid to decide what's best for us in our own towns and states.  More hypocrisy--"do what I say but the rules don't apply to me and my political kind."  More straw men, so many we will think we are a nation of scarecrows.  I am so weary of having my intelligence insulted virtually every time Obama opens his mouth.  It's incredibly sad that so many people don't realize when they being called stupid.
So, exactly how many Muslims in North Korea. Seems like a list of terrorist countries and countries that was to drop bombs on the US.
The deaths of 50 innocent young persons has already become grist for very nasty partisan bickering.  We know a few things:  We know the shooter was "full of hate."  We know the shooter was able to acquire a rifle capable of shooting a lot of people in a short amount of time.    From that point, most writers use this horrible incident to promote their favorite agenda and assigning blame to their favorite target: ISIS? Muslims? theNRA, Homophobes? Liberals? President Obama? go ahead, pick one or more or add a few to the mix.    After each mass shooting we go through the same "drill,", yet nothing seems to change.  Are we cursed to continue to have individuals so filled with hate that they're willing to kill dozens of innocents (of course through the eyes of hate, they aren't seen as innocent)?  Are we cursed to have them able to so easily acquire the weapons to achieve their hateful goal?    Are we cursed to be so focused on partisan rancor than we can find no common ground?
I think most Canadians have a fear of what Islam may do to our country . Our country was founded on Judeo/Christian values which are a direct opposite to the teaching of the Qu'ran ie; Qu'ran 5 :51 "Do not take Jews and Christians as Allies "! Can you truly tell me that Muslims will vow to follow our Christian values over Islam ? Why is it that Muslim countries such as Saudi Arabia , Oman , Bahrain , Kuwait and Qatar will not take any Syrian Refugees ?
I'll bet that if Mr. Finicum was a minority, illegal alien or a muslim JJ would be marching and protesting.
How many Canadians know trudeau vacations  with Muslims. Aga Kahn is an imam, and now  it's all coming together. The punk is selling out Canada and these scum will butcher, rape and sodomize your children.  Check it out, trudeau in my eyes is a traitor to Canada. Take him and charge him with treason.      Please Mister Trump invade and take Canada before he gets more of this scum in.
It makes me upset when I hear we need to get at the route cause to identify potential radical Muslims and rehabilitate them before they blow them selves up and kill others.  And the government thinks this is what we want in Canada. I for one, want no tax dollars spent on this nonsense, if the Muslims what to do it, let them pay for it. Otherwise give the people that keep us safe the legal framework to identify and deport any Muslim that looks like a future killer. Otherwise get them and their family, friends list after they blow them selves up. There has to be a consequence that is real and worst than the alternative, we just need the laws to make it happen. Unfortunately JT is not helpful on this file.
There is no place for special laws for any race creed or colour. But now your making special laws for Muslims, how totally stupid are the Liberals, next there will be Sharia law or a lead up to it. Are Canadians MP's total Idiots. Read the Koran. The Quran contains 109 verses that call Muslims to war with nonbelievers for the sake of Islamic rule. Some are quite graphic, with commands to chop off heads and fingers and kill infidels wherever they may be hiding. Muslims who do not join the fight are called 'hypocrites' and warned that Allah will send them to Hell if they do not join the slaughter.
The left wing leaders and media will rush to say it has "nothing at all to do with Islam" even though the attackers ALWAYS say it's in the name of Allah...must be frustrating to keep killing in the name of Islam only to have progressives override that story with fairy tales of global warming.
Why did they elect that Muslim for Mayor?  "In September 2016, Khan actually had the gall to say that citizens in big cities should just get used to terrorism.".  "he even served as “legal consultant’ to 9/11 bomber Zacarias Moussaoui, and "shared a platform" with terrorist Yasser al-Siri,".  The British evidently have become Muslim.  Glad I don't live there.
The USA should step back from its position of policeman & welfare insurer of the world. In Syria, the rebel factions are shot thru with isis & other muslim extremists. Primarily it's a case of muslims murdering other malevolent muslims. Of course there are exceptions, but we should be guided by the overall picture, not the mini vignettes. We should have learned long ago, that intervening & hoping to impose US morality & democratic systems on other vastly different cultures does not work. But these efforts do take American lives & treasure, which should be better spent right here at home. Intervening in violence-torn Guatemala, Somalia, Sudan, etc. are similarly inappropriate for the USA. Each country must, & will eventually, work out their own problems - be they economic, lawlessness, etc.
Ok, hide behind the technicality of his long term, well publicized objective.  Remain oblivious to the obvious.  You espouse nonsense of further galvanizing Muslims, something that would have all ready taken place these past 20 years, but has not.  The worst crimes of all have been committed by al qaeda, ISIL, al shabaab, boko haram et cetera, against Sunni and Shiia Muslims, a point not lost on Muslims, but beyond the grasp of the liberal-left of the west.  I never thought that destroying what can be only defined as evil now falls under the term of bigotry.  Step forth in the light and be healed.
Exactly, your examples of Christian misdeeds are IN THE PAST. Crusades? McKinley? Lol Please! How about Charlie Hebdo? Nice? Istanbul? 9/11? The Taliban? Genital mutilation? Child brides? Arranged marriages with under age girls? Slavery? All things that are happening TO DAY in the muslim world. Backwardsness. Uncertainty. Schism. That is what you offer? No thank you. Your examples of Islamic schism are proof of its instability and violence. We don't want that rubbish here. People still killing each other over a centuries' old dispute over who should acsend Mohammed. Islam requires governmental despotism in order to thrive. Why else would all those Islamic nations be ruled by dictators? Too often all one sees is senseless murder, pestilence, apathy and despotism in those countries. Oh whitey's fault again?! Oh but the British, the French...It gets old. Quite clearly any sensible person would decide not to invite the common thread of all that violence into their community: Islam.
You honestly think you are not fanning the flames of hysteria with unsubstantiated posts forecasting "prison camps for Muslims, the loss of civil rights.....assaults and killings of anyone not white enough....."?     Where do you get this stuff?  This country has checks and balances, laws and process.  Don't be part of the problem - don't whip people up into believing all these things are imminent, possible and probable.  It is patently wrong and I can't imagine why you would do such a thing.
Moot Point that any 'muslim cemetery is even needed'.......they don't actually die...some  just procreate more terrorists.
The only troll is Amira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion. 10
Repeating what I wrote yesterday in response to  Federal court rejects suit to block Liberals’ Saudi arms deal:  In a previous life, before I decided to abandon a thriving consultancy to apply my training and experience to a systematic review of the Koran, http://boreal.ca/Koran/PPPContent.htm I was asked by a senior government official to include in a cost benefit analysis an estimate of the value of the life of an aboriginal http://boreal.ca/Canadian/WhoKilledCAMS.htm .  I imagine that during the discussions the Honourable Stephen Dion had with his officials, before he signed off on the sale of 15 billion dollars' worth of mobile gun platforms to serial abusers of human rights, it was mentioned that they would be used by Muslims to kill Muslims. Did this factor in their cost benefit analysis of the deal?  I doubt very much had this been a sale of weaponry to a despotic Christian regime to be used against Christians, that it would have been approved.
You are truly deranged... One will kill you for not being the correct type of Muslim; the other sells newspapers...and will publish your complaints...
Ok social justice warrior, pretend you are gay and order a wedding cake from a Muslim bakery!
nonsense...islam represents the most serious threat to peace and democracy. Streep did not have fortitude to mention that during her soapbox speech.
Muslims follow Islamic doctrine.   Palestinians follow Islamic doctrine. Islamic doctrine calls for "death to the infidels", and especially, "death to the Jews". Western nations are nations of "infidels".  But, no Western leader has ever demanded that the Palestinians, or any other Muslim nation or group, renounce the doctrine of "death to the infidels" No Muslim nation has ever renounced the doctrine.  Very, very few Muslim individuals have renounced it.  The Islamic doctrine of "death to renunciates" may explain that. And so, Israel is asked to negotiate a peace treaty with a people whose religion calls upon them to kill the Jews, but the Muslim  Palestinians are not asked to renounce the doctrine. That has been considered to be reasonable, by American Liberal Jews and their fellow Democrats. Hopefully, it does not look reasonable to Donald Trump,
why is chin so uncaring about the safety and security of our country and our state?  aren't government officials supposed to care about the people of the areas they are supposed to serve?    its not our fault that the countries on the travel restriction list publicly hate america so we restrict travel out of a concern for our own safety.    if they want their citizens to travel freely then just stop being idiot countries and grow up and join the rest of the world in opposing radical muslim/islam terrorism instead of supporting it.  yes i said muslim/islam because i have yet to hear of a terrorist shouting alah buddha, krishna, confucios,  or jesus christ before blowing up innocent people to make a statement.  then maybe other countries in the world - not just us - will lift travel bans on their people.  better yet, let their people rise up and say enough is enough to their tyranny.  that's how our great country was born 200 years ago.
Believe it or not, Christian gangs are raping girls and Christian taxi drivers are refusing to take passengers with service dogs.  Oddly, you cite only crimes by Muslims.  Why is that?
Craig Stevaux - You've got it all wrong like the rest of your sad ilk.  Even Christians, Jews and atheists from those countries would be temporarily banned just like the Muslims.  Try reading the regulation and quite promoting a lie.  Typical!
Jack, you're the one saying all terrorists are Muslim. I think I asked a question that even you could answer. As usual, though, it won't happen. Did your hamster die?
As far as "Muslim Terrorists" and "Muslim Radicalization" are concerned  Muslims do not consider themselves Muslim Terrorists nor Radicalized Muslims, they are Ansar Al Islam "The Hand of Islam" or Ansar Al Shariah "The Hand of (Shariah) Law".  Islamic Laws demand that All Muslims, and anybody living at a Muslim Nation pay Mandatory Islamic Tithes to support the Holy Warriors of Islam.   Mandatory Islamic Tithes are not Only Monetary, and include Political Endorsements of Islam, Islamic Sanctuary and 100 % Support for the Millions of Holy Warriors of Islam especially the Imams at Mosques, Sura 2, Taqiya as Lies to Advance Islam,  Monetary as corrupted from 2.3 % of everything you own to "The more you give the more Muslim you are"  the amount is estimated to exceed $Trillions a Year especially from the Muslims at Oil Rich Nations.  All Muslims Worldwide are Supporting "the Muslim Terrorists" aka Holy Warriors of islam as required by Islamic Laws.  "Material Support of Muslim Terrorists"
(Qur'an 9:5) aka Kill infidels So when the sacred months have passed away, then slay the idolaters wherever you find them, and take them captive and besiege them and lie in wait for them in every ambush, then if they repent and keep up prayer and pay the poor-rate, leave their way free to them.”   So tell me why I shouldn't be fearful of Islam? Muslims near a school yelled at catholic students that they would kill them. Muslims spray painted ISIS on churches, and even last week a Muslim rammed a vehicle into people. Islam is a cult. If M103 goes into affect Trudeau will lose 2019 and a conservative will remove that anti free speech bill.
It is a crime to criticize, doubt, or disagree with Islam in Islamic states.  This is blasphemy and the sentence is death. It is a crime and a sin to leave Islam. A Muslim who rejects Islam is an “apostate” and the punishment for apostasy is death (and eternal damnation in hell thereafter). Under sharia, it is forbidden for anyone to try to convert a Muslim to another religion.  When Islam is doubted or defamed in any way, Muslims should violently defend it.  Muslims consider all non-Muslims and non-Muslim culture useless and see their goal to make the whole world Muslim. Everything before Islam is jahiliyya or ignorance, of no value and should be destroyed.   Under Islam, non-Muslims must pay a large tax. Once Muslims conquer a country and convert the government to Islamic law, non-Muslims have the choice to convert or die. However, Christians, Jews, and some Zoroastrians have the choice between becoming Muslim or becoming a dhimmi.   Read Bat Ye'or's publication Eurabia.
Muslims good.  Christians who don't want to be forcibly converted to islam bad.  Blah, blah, blah.  Another islamist dressed up as a progressive.
Nah. Good ol' boys kill more Muslims in the Excited States than do illegals.
I'll name you a hundred Muslim terrorists for one Christian terrorist and it's probably more like a thousand. by the way you sound like a teacher.
The only terrorist attacks and deaths in Australia, and there have been a few, have been perpetrated by asylum seekers, all of whom are Muslims. Beats me why they get ''stigmatized''
Not an 'incident.' It's RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Muslims are a thousand   times more Islamophobic than we are.
The Trump administration's callousness toward Muslim immigrants from Syria in particular is sickeningly ironic given that it was W's hubris in Iraq that created the current instability in that region in the first place. But that's how we roll here in 'murica - bomb first, ask questions later, forget all about it in a few years and then turn our backs on the very people whose lives we utterly destroyed. That "Team America: World Police" movie from 2004 really nailed us. Sad.
Since all do it...none are guilty or all guilty to the same degree?  Maybe a couple of nuclear bombs should be dropped on a Muslim country.
but she does have a special hatred for Barry Sommers as evidenced here:  "Barry, you preach hatred toward every single one of the 1.6 billion Muslims on our planet, 99.999% of whom desire to live in peace just as any human of any other religion. The reason is simple - we are all humans who desire peace. The lies you preach are destructive of peace. Your hatred is destructive of peace. You are a small, frightened, ignorant, hateful man. You are the enemy of peace and good will among men. You are a fool, and anyone who listens to you is a fool. You are poisonous. Go away, and never come back, devil spawn. I think you are a truly mentally deranged person, with enough intelligence to make trouble for a lot of innocent people."  and this one:  jjp58  Barry Sommer  a year ago By now Ali is aware that you are the forum religious fruitcake. If you approached and confronted me with your leading questions, I would call a cop. You are completely insane.
What they're doing is letting these monsters into their Countries, and allowing them to roam freely and not assimilate. Then, the leftists elect a Muslim for their mayor. What a boneheaded thing to do. These Muslims do not want to assimilate..they want all of the infidels dead.
Who is Kahn to tell US lawmakers what to do!? Were they voted in to represent Mr. Kahn??  As for loosing sons in Iraq many, many ,MANY Americans lost their sons and daughters  that way, I don't see THEM trying to dictate US policy. I see the Kahns USING the death of their son to whatever they hope to gain .  My own research revealed that true muslim women are PROUD to sacrifice their sons, they are happy to HAVE sons whom to sacrifice As far as Trump is concerned: These "reporters" spin and twist the facts. And you, ADN, are so rabidly against Trump, you lost any claim to objectivity.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? ... To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. ..
Sad thing is they are all waiting for and trying to bring on the same god.  Muslims, Christians, Jews all revere the same book and the same hellish daddy in heaven.  What's a pagan to do?  The bathturds have even stolen our pagan holy tree for their miserable annual ceremony.
Instead of condemning us, Muslims should be asking us to forgive them. And they should mend their ways.
Since I didn't know anything about Higgins, I had assumed he was using the gas chambers as an example of how to kill, kill, kill all the Muslims.
Be honest... Who amongst us doesn't have a secret fantasy of peeing on terrorists? I'm willing to bet that American Muslims even share that fantasy. The marine should be given a golden metal.
So what are you saying, LisaL, we should just let them do their thing because they might hurt us if we condemn what they do? And you do realize that just because people condemn someone like this guy doesn't mean they are condemning all Muslims, right? Just Muslims who come to this country and then reward us by trying to kill us. Is condemning people who do that "bullying" them? That's sick.
"Because, for me, it's always been about you," Obama concluded. Is he talking about the criminals he allowed to cross our border? Then he took the American citizens money and gave it to the criminals in cities he allowed to harbor them. He also took Americans money to feed and house the criminals. It has been about supporting the criminals with money he took from working Americans.  Or is he talking about the radical muslim extremists who he refuses to acknowledged? He erased all of the suspected muslim terrorists from our intelligence agencies that they were tracking before 911 so Trump could not have the info. Why would he have done this? Did this help "you" the American Citizen? Or is it the black lives matter criminals who he supports over our brave Law Enforcement officers? For once I have to agree with his comment but the "you" is not the American Citizen. He has proven this over and over again.
After the massacre in Orlando, Muslim leaders and gay rights activist exonerated Islam and blamed Trump .
Could Muslim terrorism happen again on U.S. soil?  You know it can.  Still no evidence of terrorism to Muslims by U.S. citizens, beyond the reported odd remark.
If Bannon and Stephen Miller and their toadies were fired from the Trump administration and replaced by other mainstream Republicans, I believe that the policies would moderate.  Trump is basically a dumb demagogue who apparently agrees with the last thing that someone tells him.  So if the last person who tells him something is McMaster, then perhaps we don't get the Muslim ban.    And I think Burke is a fool but Bannon is using him for his own purposes.  Burke and his toadies were behind some of the dumb stunts against the pope over the last few weeks like the posters.  I don't think that Burke will be effective nor do I think that Bannon thinks he will (although Bannon wouldn't mind being rid of that meddlesome priest.)  Bannon wants Francis distracted by internal enemies so that Francis cannot do things like speak out against Trump policies or condemn the alt-right as anti-Christian.
Exactly, and since we know that plenty of terrorism is done by non-Muslims, and this order failed to include the countries that actually have produced Muslim terrorists, the order did not do anything to make us actually safer. It just targeted people by national origin, which is illegal under the Constitution.
It's time they lowered their wages. Oh my bad these cowards always want more, just so trudooooo can give 55 million to muslims, the same people who murder us. He's a joke.
Islam is all over the planet not just the Middle East...but the thinking is same. That's what's scary.
There are multiple problems here.  But one is certainly Islam - it's time for Muslims and other adherents to fantastical texts to move past religion.  #Support Ex-Muslims.
What an incredible exercise in futility and waste of time and resources. For one thing the ban does not affect any Muslim living in Hawaii. Secondly, it is a temporary ban on refugees until they can be wetted to ensure that they are not extremist jihadist under the guise of refugees. Remember 9/11. Typical liberal b......t.
Don't worry EB. The Anglo/Zionist war machine will pile up a whole lot more dead Muslims in no time. Your revenge is guarentied. Round it goes.
Everyone in  Guam: Duck ! LGBTs: Go back in the closet! Immigrants: Go home! Muslims: You are not welcome here! Puerto Ricans: Get off your lazyasses and clean up your own mess! NFL players: STFUand stand! Kidding!   President of USVI: Resign!
One of the failed asylum seekers just murdered a man in Hamburg and stabbed/wounded at least five or six more. He was a known Islamist.
Islam is homophobic, sexist, xenophobic and misogynist yet feminists ardently defend Islam. Strange world we live in run by SJW weirdos.
80% of Muslims believe a man has the right to beat his wife if she disobeys him.  54% of Muslims believe homosexuals can be punished with death.  90% of all Muslims believe a woman is worth 1/2 the value of a man. 60% of all Muslims believe killing Jews is not a crime. 80% of Muslims want Sharia law in America. . Yea we want that in Canada and Justin is making sure we get it.
I had two boys go through the Ontario school system these past 20 years and there was no attack on Christianity or war on Christmas. Indeed, the school board renting out the school on Sundays to a fundamentalist church.  The Muslim kids aren't being given prayer rooms. They're being given a room to pray in for about 15 minutes each Friday. It's not a dedicated space.  I think it's really about Haters who failed to banish LGBTQ rights and Gay-Straight Alliances and so have moved on to the Muslims as their Two-Minutes of Hate project. Why? Because it masks what they're really up to, which is promoting their own sectarian religious beliefs.
Immigration is only a privilege not a right. There is no Muslim "right" to immigrate to the west.
We've had 2 generations of Muslim youth brainwashed in Saudi funded Wahhabi madrasahs to hate the West and follow their fanatical teachings.
there is no group of people that practice cultural oppression more than muslims.
I didn't vote for friendship.  I voted for Trump because I felt he was the last chance America had to stay afloat.  Had Hillary been elected we'd be drowning in our own blood spilled by the millions of Muslims she wanted to "immigrate". And we all know there would have been thousands of jihadists at least, who would manage to infiltrate the millions of poor, de-humanized Muslims, worthy to immigrate. That's just for starters.  Second, show me one politician that doesn't lie.  Third, show me any man who has not lied.  I could go on and on Gary, but you have to admit, America IS getting better.  And if the swamp  would get out of the way, we'll achieve  our former greatness sooner.  And those "hundreds of documented lies"? Fake News.
When a large audience believes trump is a foreign born Muslim who hates America, we will know the intensity of such syndromes.
Well Trudeau is a secret Muslim
The khan family should also be upset with Clinton for supporting the Iraq war. Not hearing much on that front. We continue to maintain air strikes in that region for the Iraqi government we support to even have a chance in battle. If my son died in Iraq I would probably hate any politician that supports invading any country that isn't an immediate threat to ours. Trumps question did have some legitimacy. Some Muslim countries are beginning to treat their women better but we still know the majority of Muslim countries don't give their women the respect they deserve. The delivery of his statement wasn't the best, but the political uproar following turning an extremely sad situation of a young man losing his life into a battle to help get Clinton elected might be worse.
"What we know"???   What we know is we have a despicable Canadian media that supports and defends a barbaric religion that should be driven back to where it belongs, the stone ages.  Like Bob Doug said, where are the voices of the so called peace loving Muslim majority?  This religion is a scourge on humanity, end of story.
The Left, Political Correctness stuff is looking more and more like some new religion where the Human is God, his wants and actions not to be questioned (as long as they are certain humans, anyway. For instance, seals get kicked the curb the first time someone with a brown face says "but I can make money killing that.")  Humans are such hypocrites.  It's fine to be scared of all dogs because one bit you - but if a Muslim does do something to you, laugh it off.  Speciesists.  Maybe the Left should ask itself WHY Islam and Muslims are so unpopular, and look past the "must love them just because they are human" propaganda.
What you fail to comprehend is the lie that islam is a religion. It is, in fact, a form of government cloaked as a religion. It is 90%, "You Will Live this way" or be killed, enslaved or pay a tax (see enslaved) and 10% about their god nimrod.
I am gay as well. And you are an idiot if you think the criminals in Orlando and all Muslims are the same. You do not speak for me.
Just funny that you are equating the muslims with people with disabilities. You said it. Not me.
Wasn't aware that there was such an interview but thanks; I found both on yahoo. The 2015 interview was almost unbelievable. When someone mentioned that a poll showed a fifth of the people in Indonesia, rightly considered one of the more moderate Muslim countries, favoured honour killings, she started talking about how Americans are so dumb. Far be it from her to attack people who believe in honour killings. But you can see why she would be sympatico with Justin "Get the f--k out of my way" Trudeau. The first time in the House of Commons he drew attention to himself was when as Liberal citizenship and immigration critic  he strenuously objected to honour killings and female genital mutilation being described in the new citizenship guide as barbaric cultural practices.
Yes.  Your comment appeared in support of the comments of utilitas.   I probably should have written: When one supports statements attacking or criticizing a holy book of a certain religion for certain content, the it makes sense to check out if the holy books of other religions have similar content. Sharia law is a term used to refer to the way one ought to arrange one's relationship to God.  The Bible contains such instruction, as well.  Just as the Q'uran directs believers to violent action in certain circumstances, so does the Bible.  John Hobson pointed out one such passage; he could point you to many more.  To suggest that Muslims are more violent than Christians, on the basis of scriptural writing is no only unfair, but disingenuous.
Apparently being held by Muslim Terrorists didn't prevent these two fools from procreating during the ordeal, numerous times, and subjecting their children to the same hell that they were in. What a couple of morons.
All Muslims must take responsibility for the killings in Quebec. Ti was  for your  religion  these  murders happened and it is your religion that must change.
The 3 attackers were born in Muslim countries like Pakistan and Morocco.  I guess they weren't really second generation, home grown or loner Islamic terrorists.  I wonder how many more groups (cells) or lone wolf Muslim terrorists are still in Britain just waiting for their opportunity to attack and kill poor innocent civilians.
For decades, Australia has been struggling with a violet and very unfriendly Muslim immigration population. The “Lebos", Lebanese immigrants, have made themselves very unwelcome by treating Australian women as sex toys they can fondle at will on the beach, in bars, in stores ...anywhere. Ozzie men trying to defend women from sexual assault by the Lebos are instantly labelled racists by the one sided media. The same happened in Cologne if you remember.
The one in Jakarta was arrested.  Muslim mobs demanded his head.
I realize that people who are crazy enough to kill lots of other people seem to pick up some rationale for it. But you are intent on focusing on a small subset. "Gee, the -white- nutjobs never claim religion" except the anti-abortion murderers, and all the guys who killed people they thought were the "wrong" faith, like Jewish or Muslim. "Pledged to ISIS". ISIS isn't Islam, and pledging online isn't theology.  Others said it in this thread - white guys do mass murder and "gee, mabye they're not well" but somehow if someone's imbalance shows up as a twisting of a different faith, suddenly that person is a deep theologian, nothing crazy about them.  Right.  Read the Bible, here's Jesus: "19:27 But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me. 19:28 And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem."  Seems clear Jesus wants to kill non-Christians if you just read it, right? Explain otherwise.
Anyone who denies this terror attack is anything but Radical ISLAMIC Terrorism  is a Huff Po, Yahoo, CNN and Obama Islamic Terrorist appeaser and coddler! Enough with the appeasement and excuses! These ISLAMIC TERRORISTS want to kill innocent Christians whom they call CRUSADERS and Jews. If you deny this, you are an Islamic Terrorist APPEASER!
here is a bit of reality.  I am a lesbian.  I was raised in a religious family.  I do not participate in any church or religion since adulthood, yet I fully understand the importance of religious beliefs to many people.  As well, our constitution protects those rights related to religion. Are all you snowflake, wannabe, progressives really so poorly integrated cognitively that you do not see the sheer hypocrisy of the crap you spout?  You would argue unto death for the rights of Muslims to follow their religious beliefs yet, when it comes to the Americans or Europeans, or any other religion like the ones followed by these people, you will argue to the death that their religious beliefs should be trampled upon. well, PHVUCK YOU IDIOTS BTW......I am a liberal, progressive lesbian....so do not waste your chit slinging response on me. As well, That ugly "azz end of a cow in heat" Franken can get PHVUCKED.  He is a whoooore.
He leaves that door wide open.  He doesn't know issues except 'make Mexico build a wall' , 'ban all Muslims from entering this country' or 'she's a crook'.  He's temperamentally a 'little lord fauntleroy', that is, an ignorant 'little lord fauntleroy' and so is unsuitable to be the President of the US.  He's self avowedly proud of not reading books.  He doesn't need to read because, he says, he trusts his own 'common sense'.    Does the descriptive word 'unhinged' come to mind?  In DJ Trump's case, the answer is yes.
Please tell us again how islam is not at war with the world and is a religion of peace!  Time to ban islam worldwide!
It is sad when such a large number of people (who read the Globe, not the Sun!) find justified the killing of a Muslim woman by a bigot, and find hatred towards Muslims acceptable. (No, I am not Muslim, I am very Christian, but I know quite a few Muslims and none of them is a criminal or a jerk.)
If there's a bad choice available, Trump will make it! His latest pick of David Friedman as ambassador to Israel will most certainly not bring peace to the middle east. Does he want more Muslim extremists? Because that is how you get more Muslim extremists.
He was sick with hatred of white people who were his victims and should have never been aloud in this country, can't you see he's a middle eastern muslim.
Another attack by Islamists today in Pakistan killed at least 40. Comments are open in the article but my comment (which is perfectly civil) was deleted. Happens a lot. The censorship in this newspaper is being noticed by more and more readers. It's beyond ridiculous.
Kayden, religion has nothing to do with this. Hinduphobia- no it's cult and self seeking power hungry crooks like your man Butler that jump on the religious wagon who have no qualms about lying and cheating their way up the political ladder.  In Tulsi Gabbard's case, her guru has taken advantage of her cult beliefs she was born into and abused the fact that she is beholden to him. As he says when he initiates his disciples, you are now mine and I will instruct you how you can serve ME. Fanaticism not religion.  Cry yourself silly with all your talk on religious bigotry, homophobic backed support, Hillary Clinton money, and whatever else you can lash out with.  How about all the other religions, I don't see Tulsi and Butler supporting them. In fact she down right degrades the Muslims. Butler has always spoken very unkindly of Gays, Blacks, Muslims Christians and Jews.  Beware Hawaii, Tulsi and anyone who adheres to him, has no place in our democratic system.
Why do Indonesians care? Because Muslim? why does Malala care? Because she is Muslim? - why does the West have to care? damned if you care and damned if you don't (Iraq, Afghanistan...) - there are 1,500 million Muslims to care why always the West? maybe "Progressive" Trudeau Canada as opposed to Canada Trudeau might want his Nobel Peace Prize
I'm not sure what this article has to do with "white supremacy"? When a miniscule percentage of the Caucasian community acts like a lunatic, is that white supremacy? After the London Bridge attack I do not recall a declaration of Islamic supremacy, maybe I missed Ms. Aziz's article that week?
What I'm getting at is that both Islamic terrorists and anti-Semitic right-wing extremists are very bad.  The lying globalist MSM essentially downplays Islamic terrorists because it is politically correct to do so. See, for example, the Islamic terrorist slaughter at Fort Hood which was described as "workplace violence" as well as Islamic terrorist incidents throughout Europe.  Trump was saying that good, reasonable people could respect Robert E. Lee and other Rebel leaders. These people went to protest the removal of a beautiful statue which has stood there for decades.  Unfortunately, there were also reprehensible right-wing extremists at the same event who clashed with a left-wing mob.  Many very decent people honor the soldiers who fought in a war which was complex and was conducted under standards much different than politically-correct mores of 2017.  They have no sympathy with neo-nazis;  neither does President Trump who has clearly condemned the extremists several times.
If Obama, a black man, a Latino American or a Muslim group declared Donald Trump winning the presidency ONLY because he was a WHITE MAN and he had little else going for him except THAT (insinuating he was a WHITE MAN) you would be condemning all as racist.  . Above you clearly state  "On the premise that he was a black man. He had very little going for him than that" (insinuating his color or being a black man). . Earlier Gene Miller writes "His genetic color is only "relevant" to a racist."  . Your statement clearly is based on his genetic color and his color being relevant to his winning the election.  . Gene Millers words, Nor do I "insinuate" that Obama is a black man.  Gene states, He had very little going for him than "THAT", what does "THAT" mean?   You continue to prove my point.   Are you a racist? In your words, YES.
Richard, your logic is very twisted if you believe that Muslims in France support ISIS. They are also victims of every terrorist attack because it increases the bigotry towards innocent Muslims. ISIS absolutely wants LePen to get elected for precisely the reason I stated. A weaker Europe serves their interests.  ISIS does not in any way represent the vast majority of Muslims, by the way.  You've chosen the wrong enemy.
Can we say Islam is bad? Islam is threat to Canada? It's illegal to say such thing?   Can we discuss this topic:    if Muslim becomes majority in Canada, or even 20%, What kind of Canada will become?
A Phobia is an unrealistic fear, I think fear of the Muslim invaders is perfectly rational.
Of course jackblackjetjackblack, didn't say the majority. He said ALL terrorists are Muslim. That's categorically false, as I demonstrated by citing Timothy McVeigh, which seems to have stuck a nerve with the right-wingers.
I disagree when you say, ISIS wants Le Pen. They actually don't want Le Pen. You think the Muslims in France will vote for Le Pen? I highly doubt it.   I would vote for Le Pen and I'm centre-left because I'm getting sick of Islamism, Islamists, and sick of pandering to the religion.   We need to get tough on Islamism. We need to be as militant about secularism as the Islamists are militant about Islam.
Muslims should stop painting themselves as victims. They should work to reform their faith so that it is no longer synonymous with violence and intolerance.   Any Muslim who does not explicitly and publicly disavow all violent jihad, sharia slavery, child marriage, unequal rights for women, hateful religious rhetoric towards non-Muslims, hudud punishments and polygamy does not deserve goodwill from the civilized world.
A timely and well-written article.  Fundamentalist Christianity has always been a factor in right wing politics in the US, and while the creep factor is not as high as it is with a man like Bannon, is still something those not blindly aligned with the faith should be concerned about.  It strikes me as somewhat hypocritical that the far right rails against Islam as a force that could destroy the fabric of Western society.  While true that our society is largely founded on Judeo-Christian tradition, the views of Mr Graham are repugnant to many and pose a threat to our way of living.  In many cases, they should also be repugnant to those that embrace our spiritual heritage.  Love of enemies?    Forgiveness? Curiously absent.  When radical Muslims twist the teachings of their faith to justify abhorrent words and deeds, we vilify them.  Graham may not be guilty of abhorrent deeds but his words to the more tolerant among us are anathema.
Let the homicide rates in their home country speak for themselves. We all know the wealthy don't leave their country, it's usually the thugs and the poor in search of another place to wreak again since they already failed to succeed in their home country.  Some countries have lots of good and ethical people hence low homicide/crime rates back home and some are just plain off the chain ape $h!t nuts. Letting in more nuts increases your odds of terrorist activities just as the EU is experiencing now. I sure can't recall seeing constant terrorist attacks in the EU a decade ago before they let in thousands of so called "good hombre Muslims", can you?
You grossly misrepresent what Trump said on temporarily banning Muslims from entering the country, just like the shameless who grossly misrepresent what he says on illegal immigration. Thank you for making my point.
Matthew,   You did a good job trotting out the NRA talking points as to why there isn't a national gun database. Then cjg pointed out how funny it is when you take that particular right wing logic nugget and apply it to another database. All of a sudden a national electronic database, of Muslims makes so much sense, but a national database of guns is unheard of.   It is 2016. Two thousand and sixteen, and you have a group of Americans who seriously believe we shouldn't have a computer database of guns. You have people who think it's totally sensible. I imagine these folks put the lead additive in their cars and drive to work, get out the type writer ribbon and clack away in between trips to the mimeograph. It's absolutely embarrassing. Get with the damned 21st century and create the database.   I'm so damn sick of these NRA cowards who have been clamoring on for decades about how people are coming for their guns, and no one ever bleeping does. Obstructionist, cowardly ludites.
Muslim prayers are certainly something to be afraid of.
Notice how the Democrats bury their heads in the sand.  ISIS was not mentioned once in the 61 speeches given yesterday.  Yet, ISIS beheaded a Priest in France this AM.  The Democrats refuse to admit they have failed in the battle against Radical Islamic Terrorists.  They still want to let the Muslims come in from terrorist plagued regions of the world.
Nicely written, Neal, cogent, well-informed, & logical. But when did "information" or "logic" have much to do with supporting Trump? DJT is the vehicle for the resentments of folks who not only believe they've gotten a rotten deal (& a lot of them actually have) but also blame their distress on "the other" (i.e., blacks, immigrants, Jews, Muslims, intellectuals, etc.) rather than the actual source of their plight (i.e., the Neo-Liberal capitalist "winner take all" economy & the GOP politicians who support & perpetuate that economy). When the Tea-Party activists & other "low-information" people vote for the likes of Trump, they are actually voting against their own long-term best interests. But their resentments & lack of basic reality checks overcome their instincts for self-preservation & their ability to figure out they're being take for a ride. Trump, who makes his products overseas & trucks in foreign workers proclaims bald-faced lies – the fools believe those lies. Sad.
I trust fundamental Islamists much less than people associated with the Mafia.  -----  Is that statement Islamophobic?  Are you Christianophobic?   Now let's see which post gets removed for being "uncivil" by our left wing posting friends.  Because after all, M-103, breeds favoritism, divisiveness with it's chilling effect on free speech.    Well, the wrong kind of free speech I guess.
Meanwhile in Canada,  the muslims are going on and on about how they are oppressed to be here.
"He loves it and I am happy he has an opportunity to practice his faith in a safe space"  - Praying to god should be like masturbating, you should do it in your private place - HOME.  Freedom of religion means you can do it at home, at your church/mosque/temple BUT NOT IN PUBLIC PLACES. Next thing is Islam will put out their GIANT speakers (like in Middle East) and say that is your way of spreading the goodwill. And consuming alcohol is evil, women not covering their body are sluts to seduce others, eating pork is guilty to death and it's ok to murder your son/daughter/nieces/nephews if they married to non-muslim ... I'm old enough to witness ALL the above in the name of Islam and the craziness of "My Religion is peaceful" BS.   Freedom of religion means you can do whatever the F you want in your head while not disturbing others.
Do you know what I now see absolutely everywhere, that I've rarely seen before, when I'm considering buying a new grey ford truck?  Grey ford trucks.  How strange, where did they all come from?  They were never there before!  This article is simply saying that, the more Muslims I see in the news killing people in mass quantities, the more Muslims I see.  That the author twists this tendency of human perception  into yet another whiny pro-democrat, anti-Trump article, is just pure bigotry.
Just about all the terrorists are Sunni Muslims. Saudi Arabia is known to  breed terrorism, the US should not ally itself with the largest sponsor of Muslim terrorism in the world.
What I found so odd about the Finsbury Park attack was that these terrorist attacks usually take a day or two before the officials declare it to be a terrorist attack - and everybody waits patiently; but the Finsbury Park situation was chalk full of Muslim's crying foul saying officials were being too slow to call it a terrorist attack - this was only a number of hours later making their demand..... Anyway, it seemed odd as I mentioned since we are inundated with radical muslim's carrying out innumerable attacks ..... Killing and wounding many people......
I sure a Muslim will be blame whether it's true on not.  Or another tactic is to stage a break in to blame some minority group.
Where are you getting your ideas? Islam doesn't have its own financial system. Nor does it have its own legal system. Sharia law, which gets bandied about isn't a set code as there are at least 4 different Sharia systems and many mainstream Muslims ignore them. LIke kosher laws.  As for you Muslim Link, try reading it. You obviously didn't or you wouldn't have put in the link. It contradicts all you've said. Next you'll be worried about the international conspiracy of the Amish to take away our electrical outlets.
Erdogan is a maniac. He is conducting studies into ancient books and manuscripts to find if Arabic / Muslims sailors sailed to the western hemisphere before Columbus. Constantinople was the repository for most of the ancient libraries with maps. If so, he can then clam the entire western hemisphere including America and Canada are theirs to take back for the Islamic Caliphate. He wants proof we interlope on their land.
So if I were to say that Islam is being used to create terrorists, which it is, would that be hatred towards Muslims?  The gray area on this stupidity is wide and deep.
Hate crimes in Canada are virtually non-existent. Check Stats Can - for 2013, the average number of hate crimes was 3.3 per 100,000 people in major metropolitan ares. This means that the odds of anyone having a hate crime committed against them are extremely rare. We don't need a government motion (with attached government spending - wasteful!) to condemn Islamophobia (a vague and politically malleable term.)  We deserve the right to criticize Islam. Islam is not only a religion, its a political movement. And all Canadians should strive against the political arm of Islam. We don't want another Rotherham here in Canada due to hate speech laws.  When Imams constantly preach death for those who leave Islam, and the pratice of Taqqiya (lying to non-Muslims) is encourage, and women get stoned to death for getting raped, and gay people get executed just for being gay, then Islamophobia makes sense.  NO on M103. No on C16. Vote out Trudeau in 2019!
it's a made-up word to hide Islam's paranoid hatred of non-believers, it really is Kuffirphobia, fear of infidels that is driven into the very heart of muslims. We must not allow any religious nutjobs Islam or otherwise to impose their crazy nonsense on others via pain of the law.
Very very easy to see through the hypocrisy of this action.   Saudi Arabia wants to limit Iran's ability to be a power while deflecting from the fact they (Saudi) are the biggest sponsors of terrorism in the Middle East.  Also the biggest human rights abusers outside of Israel.   The Muslim Brotherhood questions the hereditary royal line of Saudi Arabia and Qatar supports the Muslim Brotherhood.  Seems to me the royal line of Saudi Arabia need not be questioned but simply done away with.      What really needs to be noticed is that any country with Shia majorities (Iraq) or ones that are not hostile to Iran (Syria) seem to have wars perpetuated by the west as a way to de-stabilize the region at the behest of the house of Saud.     Egypt democratically elects the Muslim Brotherhood and the USA backs a coup to install the half Jewish/half Egyptian military leader to run the country.   Hypocrites all the way around.     Canada needs to end all involvement in the ME.
Very true and yes unfortunate.  The concern is the challenges with open borders as seen with our counterparts in Europe. ISIS and all other known terrorist organizations all have ties to Islam, hence the misguided correlation to peaceful Muslims.   Given that Trump stated he is going destroy terrorism, patience and heavily vetted immigration will be required.  Only a wishful fool would think their isn't going to be retaliation. We can't be seen as facilitators and expose our  American  counterparts to those who wish to perpetuate  acts of terrorism.
In Nigeria, Christians and animists also get killed by Muslims.
MR Wiser The truth includes the fact that Germans started killing Muslims before Muslims retaliated. This is NEVER mentioned - 9/11, London, Madrid, Paris, Germany. All retaliation.
The Muslim girl you speak of was beaten to death by an illegal immigrant from a Latin American country. He was not "white", and therefore probably doesn't actually fit your narrative.
Home grown extremists in my a$$. He's an  islamic terrorist  by his own admission.
Politicians, Governments, threats, fears,  globalization, populism all ebb and flow continuously.  The only constant mentioned in the opinion piece is Islam which has not changed politically,  culturally or its basic ideologically since it was founded. The methods for achieving the ultimate goal ( Islamic planet) have changed over the centuries but the goal itself has never changed. While the elite distract with dog whistles issues, islam marches on.
Agreed and unfortunately Islamism is spread by the radical sect Wabbabis of Saudi Arabia in their religious schools or Madrassas throughout the Muslim world. It is also up to moderate Muslims to break this link to the Wahhabis.  They don't seem to be doing a good job of this as evidenced by the visiting Imam to a mosque in Montreal who preached killing jews one by one; and apparently no Muslim in the mosque reported this incendiary speech to the authorities. Our government could best use their resources to combat Islamism (per example) rather than a mis-guided and wrong headed effort to combat Islamophobia by bill M-103. The sharia law of the Islamists provides for harsh penalties for criticism of the koran, Islam or Mohammed and it seems to me bill M-103 borrows from the ideology of the Islamists as it attempts to enshrine in Canada protection against criticism of Islam when in some instances, criticism should be made rather than  covered up.
There is only one problem with your reasoning. No one in the U.S., in the last 47 years, has been killed by a terror attack by immigrants from the seven Muslim-majority countries Trump has targeted with immigration bans, according to the Cato Institute. You say: "Allowing people to come into our country when we have no proof of who they actually are is total stupidity. " Reaching a conclusion based on false premises is even more stupid. Based on fact, there has been no threat from these countries.
they only mean it for the evangelical "christians", and I am using the term christian very loosely.  once they get control, the Catholics won't be any better off than the gays and Muslims.
wonder what that has to do with anything?  If I recall, the white Quebecker showed up at a mosque to kill Muslims.
And I keep saying you need to stop the personal attacks and false accusations.   If there was a "ban on Muslims" ...Why are Muslins from other countries allowed?
This is who Democrats are.  They ally with Muslim terrorists and all factions socialist and communist, but hate the USA and Israel.  The one thing Democrats will never tolerate?  Freedom.
Well, what a relief this one doesn't count as terrorism... ... because if the killer had been a moslem, well then by golly we'd have to do something about it. . It's the mentality: 31,000 gun deaths/year are ok. Unless we decide the killer is a terrorist. . How was this any less terrorism, how are the victims any less dead, and how are their families less consumed in grief, just because the killer wasn't "a terrorist"? . Maybe, following their usual logic, they could solve the problem by imposing a travel ban on selected Christian countries, starting with America. . It's the mentality.
That's right Citizen, invoke the muslim 'racist' card.  It was bound to happen as it's the last refuge of the feeble minded.   you're putting some quotable lines though:  "This guy was treated less than an animal in a manner that would be illegal anywhere in the world."  Anywhere, of course, except Afghanistan under whatever despicable fundamentalist regime they had at the time.
Yet another Muslim created disaster the west will be blamed for and expected to cure.
WHY would you say that?  Why would you even think that?  Nothing at all (not her name or ANYTHING in this horrible story) gave ANY reference to nationality or certainly not anything about Islam.  What a ridiculous and very sad thought.  You are contributing to the sick mind set that Muslims are evil.  Ignorant and un-American. (no, I am not Muslim) Oh, wait...I know, TROLL.
As a feminist I don't want a fringe party like Muslim Brotherhood to ever get a foothold here.  Ever.
Never underestimate the idiocy of the Hawaii Democratic Party. This photo op with Muslim community leaders? Are you kidding me? Like anyone here really cares about Muslims or their values here in Hawaii, other than a handful of liberal Democratic do-gooders who kowtow to their D.C. counterparts every chance they get.  Our attorney general was appointed to serve our state, not federal and international interests. If he loves Muslims so much, he should be airlifted along with the rest of the protesters to Syria or Iraq, and dropped right into the battle zone. They'll find out quickly that love is not reciprocal.
It's not Islamophobia if they're trying to kill you
You mean the privileged white people?   I think Ms. Khan is simply one of those people that crave attention and get it by stirring up controversy where there isn't any. The fact that she chose to wear a head covering despite being brought up in a Canadian society is telling in itself. I know lots of observant muslims who fulfill their religious obligations (?) in a less in-your-face type of way. Also, why is she taking up the cause of the First Nations people? I sense it's because of the publicity of the residential schools and the 60's scoop. Taking a controversial stand on the banning of Canada Day celebrations in support of First Nations was likely to garner more attention than any suffering Canadian born muslims have undergone at the hands of privileged white people.
So... because you're ignorant and unaware of all the other "very real" false flag attacks around the world, committed by Israeli's, he's sullying his reputation? False flag attacks aren't announced as such on the news. It takes real research to find out what really happened. Even today, America still claims the USS Liberty was an accident. But we all know that's crap. No one believed President Johnson would allow it, but he was directly involved. He intentionally stopped F4 Phantoms en-route to answer the Liberties distress call. For 90 minutes, Israel tried to eliminate every possible witness so they could blame Egypt. And now you sit here assuming Israel wouldn't attack a supermarket? They killed their own in Jerusalem disguised as Muslims, you think they care about Parisians? What is it about that attack that leads you to believe it wasn't a false flag?
And the Catholic Christians and the non-Catholic Christians killed six million of each other during the "30-Years War" to establish which group was the 'True Church'.  Something they are still arguing about but not killing each other as often about today.  Today most of the religious killing is between the two groups of 'Peaceful' Muslims as to who are the 'True Faith'.  Although some of the 'Peaceful' Muslims want to re-invent the religious fight between the Christians and the Muslims.    And both the Christians and the Muslims both trace their 'Faith' back to a guy named Abraham.
Yeah, because the DNC wasn't crapping all over the families of those slain in Benghazi to protect Queen Clinton, right? He said NOTHING that would shame this Soldier's name. He called out the hypocrisy of the convention. They are all for women and Muslims, but Muslims aren't exactly champions of female rights. Quite the pickle. Bravo for Trump pointing out their bull puckey!
Exact opposite of what if happening in the States.  Trudeau is the new corrupt 'leader' on the block garnering favours from the elite be it China or super rich Muslim Imams.  Sooner or later someone is going to have to come to grips with Trump eating our lunch and even the useful idiots will finally take notice.
Chomsky playing the benevolent philosopher is a shill for communist aggression playing down Antifas history of violence and fascist intolerance of any who oppose.  Yes they are suicidal but serve a purpose for Soros and Islams conquering of the infidels he mentors. Useful idiots transferring the free world to Islam . SJW pawns ,Hate mongers mimicking Islams destruction of society and return tyranny
The EO and Trump asking for a delay in admitting Muslims into the US is not and never "hating Muslims".   The only ones talking about "hating Muslims" are the Fake News media or the Opposition media.  The Fake News Media brainwashed many into thinking that Trump's Muslim Ban was based on religion.  How was the brainwashing done?   By taking the message out of context whereby the reason for the ban was cut off from the rest of the message.
AG Chin tries to make the argument that because a certain country's main religion is Muslim, therefore the ban on that particular country must be religion  based. But, of course the President Trump is not targeting India with one of the largest Muslim populations on the planet. So, Chin's argument is just silly.
n.b. These heinous murders were just "attacks" not "murders by suspected Islamic terrorists."  Imagine what the reporting would have been if far-right extremists had committed these atrocities:  "REPUBLICANS MURDER MORE INNOCENT, DEFENSELESS CITIZENS, TRUMP PERSONALLY PLANNED KILLING ORGY!"
It's all good and fine for you to criticize your brother officer in another department, but it seems to me that 'bozos' like this guy only get to become and remain police officers because of the other officers around them that either share the penchant for bullying, or at least tolerate it. We are always asking the muslims to turn their 'bad apples' in, why can't police do the same with their 'bozos'?
Wouldn't it be great if Reverend Prevo would publicly denounce the  Texas activist imports and their message of religeous hate. Isn't that what the Christian right is asking Muslim Imams and Mosques to do?
No, because as we all know, Christians aren't running around stabbing people or blowing themselves up to prove a point.  The idea behind our immigration policy is to first make sure the immigrants aren't a threat to American citizens. And there is no doubt that on average, people from radical Muslim nations pose a higher risk to American's safety than do immigrants from Denmark, Ireland or Spain.
The London mayor failed to use his unique position to denounce this kind of an attack in the name of Islam or speak anything about outreach to Muslim leaders in Mosques to stem the violence. His failure speaks volumes. And it's all about a Trump tweet. Free speech by the President of the U.S. is ok as far as I'm concerned.  What's not ok is the pc world view expressed by the global media whose message is tightly controled with any kind of dissent being attacked. One last grasp at controlling the message. This constitutes fake news if a premeditated result is to shape policy. ....G..O.....F...c....k.......yo....r...selve....s.....  The jig is up  a....s....sh..o...les
" Muslim men have been committing huge numbers of rapes since Sweden made the mistake of admitting so many members of a 'rape culture' into their country."  --  Got stats to back up that outrageous claim?  Here, learn something:  https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/swedens-rape-crisis-isnt-what-it-seems/article30019623/  http://www.thedailybeast.com/are-migrants-really-raping-swedish-women
Really, so Dylan Roof is just a murderer?  Timothy McVeigh?  Or are they just closet Muslims in your world?
I was simply pointing out that there are passages in the Bible, regularly used by Christian fundamentalists to discriminate against homosexuality. And that it's myopic to single out Muslims for this. I'm not defending Islam's fundamentalist attacks on homosexuality.   And Doc, isn't it a bit disingenuous to list Chechnya without also pointing out Russia's ongoing attacks on homosexuals. It's a good Orthodox Christian Country after all.  Including references to Islamic State atrocities is a bit desperate don't you think? They've pretty much cornered the market on extremist thinking of all kinds and as extremists, they are hardly an example of the average or moderate Muslim.
Liberal rubbish.    The Aga Khan is a plutocrat and  the hereditary leader of an obscure Muslim cult whose Canadian branch office is registered to lobby the Federal Government.   If that does not make accepting his gift of a free vacation a conflict of interest, nothing is a conflict of interest anymore in our Liberal paradise.
Let admit the truth   Koran verses  1.“Kill the unbelievers wherever you find them.” Koran2:191  2.“Make war on the infidels(nonbelieversof Islam) living in your neighbourhood.”Koran9:123  3.“When opportunity arises, kill theinfidels(non believers of Islam) wherever you catch them.” Koran 9:5  4.“Any religion other than Islam is not acceptable.” Koran3:85  5.“TheJews and the Christians areperverts;fight them.”… Koran 9:30  6.“Kill people who criticizeallah or do mischief ( wage war against allah )” Koran 5:33  7.“Allah will Punish the unbelievers withgarments of fire,hooked iron rods, boiling water;melt their skin and bellies.”Koran 22: 19 to 21  8.“The unbelievers are stupid; urge theMuslims to fight them.” Koran 8:65  9.“Muslims must not take the infidels(non-believers of Islam) as friends.” Koran3:28  10.“Terrorize and behead those whobelieve in scriptures other than the Qur’an.” Koran 8:12&13
The liberal "politically correct" ethos is drowning out even Muslims that want to help and condemn this type of child marriages by their most radical flanks --I think they call this irony. No law abiding, responsible Muslim citizen wants their children involved with these insidious terrorist groups, let alone child marriages; no more than white parents want their kids in neo-Nazi gangs, or black parents want their kids hanging around with the Bloods and Crips. Let Muslims help by speaking out and identifying these radical elements within their community, so let's please not sacrifice more innocent blood in the name of politeness and pretend that we don't see any differences in our multicultural societies. Help be part of the solution, read "Heretic Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now by Ayaan Hirsi Ali"  1 Reaction Delete
One thing in common for these Islamic/Muslim Fanatic terrorists terrorizing the World, they do it in the name of Allah! That's not saying an American Christian won't terrorize American citizens. Stop being PC about it. It is what it is, you have to use everything at your disposal to stop any terrorist alike be it a Muslim Islamist, Christian, Antifa, BLM, etc. Wake up, it's the World of Today! You get the feeling that these pc people don't feel it like those in harms way do!  Let me add to this, Jane felt the bigotry after WW2, did she join any anti-racists groups which causes violence in any way? Does she kneel during the American Nat'l Anthem disrespecting for those who gave up their lives for her freedom? She should they way she feels it today
so Artster  agrees it is not a ban on ALL muslims but only 10%  can it then be called a "Muslim ban"?  it is a ban on countries where ISIS and terrorists operate, that is all
Are the Muslim women protesting Islam and Muhammad for relegating them to lower status than men?
Hey JJ, (infidel) you do know you're worthy only of death don't you?  You think supporting their cause is going to buy you a get out of death card? It won't. Once they are in charge, its lights out for me. You? You'll probably convert to Islam.
There is no such thing as moderate Islam. The opinion of whoever preaches moderation, the opinion of the Grandest Mufti, is irrelevant from the get go.  Islam mandates that all Muslims are bound to follow the moral teachings of only one man, who died centuries ago, and whose morality made him a serial rapist murderer.  Qur’an 3:32—Say: Obey Allah and the Apostle; but if they turn back, then surely Allah does not love the unbelievers.  Qur’an 9:73—O Prophet! strive hard against the unbelievers and the hypocrites and be unyielding to them; and their abode is hell, and evil is the destination.   Qur’an 9:5—Then, when the sacred months have passed, slay the idolaters wherever ye find them, and take them (captive), and besiege them, and prepare for them each ambush. But if they repent and establish worship and pay the poor-due, then leave their way free. Lo! Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.   In other worlds, all Muslims must follow their divine leaders teachings that say: join them or die!
What proof does Allan have that anyone assumes "that all Muslims are terrorists."  Do you think people are that stupid ?
James Lima - So your solution to Muslim extremism is brain-washing our kids with nationalism?  Brilliant idea!
The same could be said for radical Islamic extremists, yet your side has no problem wanting to discriminate against ALL Muslims.
If they weren't Muslims, then yes, there should be outrage. If it were an email coming from a group of Muslims writing about conflicts inside Islam, then no, there shouldn't be any outrage.
The author quite rightly states that the Finsbury Park crime did not happen in a vacuum.  She then goes on to completely ignore the crimes committed by Muslims.  While I am not excusing the various attacks against Muslims, which are unforgivable, one cannot ignore the mass murders committed by Muslims either.
Where are the tears? He'll cry over a travel ban to protect Americans from radical Islamic  terrorists, but not for Americans.  He's a traitor
Your damn right it is sad who are the traitors and liars that run these papers. I used to love and admire the globe no goddamn longer that's for sure. Nothing but bias . I am really worried Muslims and communists are going to overrun this great nation with help from Justin Trudeau and his band of merry Ho Ho's. Liberals are no longer the reasonable people they used to be . Stand up Canada .Before it is too late . Hoist a weapon if you have to but lets get rid of this politically correct band of rich zealots parading new world order under disguise of tolerance.
muslims have been  told to prolificate - justin is a complete fool.
CSIS highlights white supremacist threat ahead of radical Islam  Citing recent academic research, the unclassified documents note extreme right-wing and white supremacist ideology has been the “main ideological source” for 17 per cent of so-called lone wolf attacks worldwide.  Islamic extremism accounted for 15 per cent of such attacks, the document noted, while left-wing extremism and “black power” groups followed with 13 per cent. Anti-abortion activism (8 per cent) and nationalism/separatism (7 per cent) rounded out the list, while in 40 per cent of cases there was no clear ideological motivation.  "The threat from the far right in Canada is real," Ryan Scrivens, one of the new report's authors and PhD candidate at Simon Fraser University, told VICE News. "It doesn't get the same kind of attention and publicity that Islamic extremist groups get, but they have, historically, done more damage in Canada."
The best way we can help is to continuously  question the idiots in Washington DC - their interests, their motives, their objectives   For if they hadn't armed the rebels in Syria - there would not be an unending war there  Had they not bombed Libya and removed Qaddafi from power the arms flowing from that country would have never reached the rebels in the middle east (including ISIL)    Had they not  invaded Iraq  over a decade ag while lying to the american public about WMD they might have the  world on their side  And had they  not continuously provoked Putin in his own backyard he might actual be working with them to find  a lasting solution  Without the idiots in Washington DC there would be no victims for the white helmets to rescue  Name ONE Muslim state that has attacked the United States of America. Name One.  Now count how many Muslims America has killed, assassinated, declared collateral damage, targeted,  tortured, bombed, shelled, annihilated
When a bigot murders Muslims, we cover ourselves in shame for having allowed a "climate of hate and fear".  When Muslims murder in the name of Allah, we are told that they don't represent the real Islam, and that we're suffering from a "phobia" about this religion of peace.   Either way, it's a "systemic" fault in non-Muslim society.
Agreed.  I think the real question here is not hatred, which really only exists in very, very few people, but the length to which we should go when accommodating groups and individuals.  Surely any religious practice that marginalizes any sex should not be encouraged, or even tolerated.  For me, it isn't, say, the wearing of a hijab that is the problem, I think they look stylish actually, but the reasons why: to protect her from being molested by men, limit extra marital affairs, so they be known as Muslim women and be considered off-limits to Muslim men. (Islam.org, BTW).   This attitude absolves men from responsibility in their actions, and  makes non-Muslim women targets for unacceptable behaviour.  Why every women who believes in equal rights isn't fighting against this is beyond me.   Worrying about this, among other things, and how it effects the rest of Canadians is not hate.  It is a valid concern.  We have to stop calling it hate, bigotry, or xenophobia.
No, it's always about race from the media and liberals when they only take stories about black people killed in altercations with cops and make them viral.  Note a black Muslim immigrant shot up a white church and the media threw it into the memory hole as quickly as they could, while they prattled on FOR MONTHS about the legitimate shooting of Michael Brown, bashing cops and America in the process on a daily basis.  That's not an accident.
Dick, you're being deliberately obtuse. Christians = Muslims. Same control over women.
This is completely outrageous, the ACLU is seeking to subject americans to foreign nationals who have already been determined to have committed crimes in this country. Iraq is a Shiite majority nation, the groups killing christians are Sunni muslim extremists who no longer control parts of Iraq. They have nothing to fear in going home except maybe much harsher punishment for those who choose to break the law.  Since when is foreign immigration a civil right anyway?  The ACLU should stick to their mandate and stop interferring in foreign policy.
Last I looked, Muslims did not help  in the making of Canada, chalk and cheese. In fact many of them hate the values of the west and it's people.
Here is some real news. Too funny none of the snowflake losers had any comments. Read it and weep as the swamp is being drained............"The story of how three Muslim brothers hacked congressional intelligence data actually broke in February and was also ignored by mainstream news outlets at the time. Now, one of those brothers, Imran Awan, stands accused of “serious, potentially illegal, violations on the House IT network.” He and his family members, which included his brothers’ wives, provided technical assistance to other Democratic members of Congress, and, since 2009, the family members were reportedly paid approximately $4 million for their efforts." http://dennismichaellynch.com/mainstream-media-ignoring-biggest-scandal
Debate what exactly???  Newsflash...We aren't American!  This is an internal matter for the United States.  If the 7 Muslim countries got their acts together, they wouldn't have their citizens banned.  Junior already made his stupid tweet.  It's time for us to mind our own business.  The NDP and Liberals need to stop the sanctimonious posturing and Start working for Canadians for a change!
Could it be that the Muslim, Obama per the Koran, thinks that men are far superior to women and that women are sex objects for men?...Every Muslim follows the commands in the Koran...for good and for evil.   Then, we also know what the Koran says about Homosexuals...and that may be the real reason that Obama is silent.  Weinstein must know too much.
When the religion in question, Islam, specifically and categorically, under all versions, Sunni, Shi'a, Suffi, or whatever, calls for the death of all homosexuals, and is followed in as diverse of locations as Saudi Arabia and Iran, the leading homes for the two major branches, I think that is a fair comment.
Watch how the left will try to label this as a "Muslim" ban when it is nothing of the sort. I'm glad we have a president that cares more about U.S. citizens than non-U.S. citizens.
I have yet to see a Christian or Jewish terrorist strap a bomb to himself and blow up innocent children.  I agree not all Muslims are terrorists. But almost all the terrorists do seem to be Muslim. Coincidence? I don't think so. It is clearly religiously inspired terrorism.
Why was Lincoln a criminal? One, slavery was legal at his time - he promised to take it down. Second, he has the complete right to send the army to prevent a secession - by definition, the Confederates are traitors. I doubt that traitors would be so celebrated in any other country.   Are you going to see statues of Osama in Muslim areas of the US? He killed a lot less American patriots than the Confederates. Any statues for Santa Anna in Texas? What about Mexican flags in the government buildings of former Mexican states like California, Texas, New Mexico, etc?  After all, how many statues of Benedict Arnold are there in the US? He did the same thing as the Confederates.
"Populism" defeated.... Now they deserve all the muslims they can get in their small country. Yeehaa....long live muslim Netherland...
The MSM like all Religious leaders hate criticism and support anything that can reduce criticism of themselves. This is a ridiculous editorial calling for censorship - WHERE IS THE EDITORIAL DEMANDING MUSLIMS STOP HATING JEWS, CHRISTIANS, ZOROASTRIANS, ATHEISTS, WOMEN, GAYS? It is just crazy what is going on here, a total tyranny is being put nto place and we must fight it to the death!
Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslims have claimed responsibility for the recent terror attack in Istanbul, Turkey  Canada has allowed about 60 Muslims to return to Canada who have been helping Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslim terrorists in the Middle East.  And Daesh (ISIS/IL) Muslim terrorists have called on followers of Islam to use any means to attack innocent people in western societies including Canada and al Shabaab Muslim terrorists in Somalia have called on followers of Isalm in the U.S.A. and Canada to attack people in soft targets like shopping malls.  Canadians had better be very wary and vigilant.  Who knows? Maybe some radicalized Muslim teenager will exit a prayer room in a high school in Canada and attack and kill some students and teachers. What a soft target that would be.
islam is a myth. allah is a fictional sky wizard muslims have the right to believe in their misogynist myth and not be discriminated for it. they do not have the right to demand respect for their myth. i find it hard to respect muslims, who believe that those who reject their faith deserve death: "But if they turn back (from Islam), take (hold) of them and kill them wherever you find them, and take neither Auliya' (protectors or friends) nor helpers from them." i can understand the phobia of islam knowing that muslims in canada and elsewhere believe that. The fact that islam is widespread and embedded in many cultures in no way legitimizes it imo.
Are you still blaming this attack on Trump? You are an idiot. So one guy on the airline and all Trump voters are bad but lots of Muslim acts of terror and it is not the Muslims fault. Maybe Trump will kill as many Muslims as Obama, drones kill more Muslims then Spanish Inquisition(2,500 to 3,000). Or maybe Trump will deport more Mexicans then Obama (which is more then all the other administrations combined in the 20th century). You are afraid Trump MIGHT do what Obama HAS.
Islam still holds grudges going back 1000 years.  The Crusades were  actually an attempt to get back for Europe the Christian lands of Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, and most importantly Jerusalem  stolen by Muslims in bloody thirsty conquest.  Islam was determined to exterminate  Christianity, and still is.
As most of the terrorists involved in attacks in Canada, US, Europe and Australia over the last 20 years were members of mosques and Muslim communities,  it is now the responsibility of Muslims to eradicate the purveyors of hate and the radicals in their midst. It Muslims had acted to eradicate the superstitious fundamentalist nonsense they encourage radicals with then Trump wouldn't be forced to do this.
I appreciate what Sheema is saying, but there is a special responsibility of the Muslim community to get the word out that the souls of people that commit these murderous acts will swim forever in the entrails of swine.   Non-Muslims can't do this.
Look, these endless one sided stories of the poor poor Muslims is not helping. Please stop trying to portray the Muslim faith as an innocent. Muslims have been murdering Christians for a very long time. To try to rewrite reality, and push aside that fact is causing many hard feelings. Schools are not allowed to have Christmas Concerts, why is Muslim prayers being allowed? We are not a Muslim based or founded country......thank goodness.
If the shooter was Muslim the right would have no problem “playing politics”.  Fox News and our fkkkg moron in charge would call for a Muslim ban.  Since the shooter was white their agenda has been derailed.
The biggest problem with Islam is not the teachings in the Quran, though it is steeped in narrow-minded Old Testament values. It is the confusion of brutal, racist, backwards Arabic culture with the true teachings of Islam. Arabic culture is the main problem, both in the US muslim community and Islamic countries worldwide.  Islam needs reform to purge itself of Arabic culture.  It could start by promoting translations of the Quran, prayer and scholarship into non-Arabic language, and rejection of Imams from Arabic countries. African-American muslims could take the lead on this.  And Muslims might want to learn more about Christ's teachings in the Gospel.
In this woman's opening line she calls republicans "anti-Muslim, homophobic, misogynistic, racist and rejecters of science." Shannyn,.. The accusations of the accuser are most often a true reflection of their own selves. Your words are hateful and judgmental.  A.D.N you disclaiming that her opinion doesn't reflect yours is a weak attempt at giving her a free-reign pass at saying extreme and hateful thing like the accusations in her opening statement.  Furthermore - if I were a republican business person - I wouldn't spend a dime advertising with A.D.N and supporting hate like this.
Actually, that's not true. There were a couple of mentally ill individuals that lite themselves on fire, etc. But otherwise, what you're staying is completely a lie. What does Gov Dayton not jumping to conclusions on a police shooting have to do with Trump not condemning a bombing at a Mosque? You do know that just because someone is a Muslim doesn't make them a terrorist right? Just like being a Christian doesn't make one a racist bigot that in the KKK.
If he was my bishop, my contribution to the diocesan appeal would be zero, and I'd let him know.   If my priest started spouting such nonsense,  I'd find a new parish.   If my kids Catholic school spouted such nonsense, it would be time to home-school.  More than half of baptized Catholics in the United States have left the faith, parishes are dying, ordinations are dropping, and his biggest concern is why we are not letting more Muslims in the country.   Turkey was Christian at one time, but I'm sure they had bishops like him when the first Muslims arrived.
This is the downside of accepting Muslim immigrants.  There is also a downside to other government policies like America's gun laws (people get killed by guns), limiting immigration like Japan (your economy deteriorates), and running your country as an oil exporter like Canada (climate change and dependence on oil price).  Nothing is easy and comes without problems folks.
maybe you are right but islam is integral to muslim terrorism and there are far to many muslim immigrants/migrants in europe
On the other hand, Kathryn Bigelow has received quite a bit of acclaim in recent years for making films about nasty, scary islamic terrorists.
Women used to be treated like muslims covered in hijabs for the longest time. If you wore something that showed some knee then youd be considered a whore. I guess people dont readily remember womens suffrage.
" a known liar with no positive track record..." There's this internet thing where you can access the track record of people. Here try this for starters: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Senate_career_of_Hillary_Rodham_Clinton  Meanwhile, the "cocky multi millionaire" you describe has a known record for his misogyny, racism, homophobia, and fomenting hatred of Mexicans, Muslims, and most sentient beings who find him repulsive and disgusting. It's a clear choice for me and many others.  I'll take the high road and vote for the most qualified candidate, not an over-baked, heavily indebted, won't-produce-his-taxes, combined version of the worst in male American behavior.
There are lots of Christians particularly evangelicals who have nasty views towards gays but most of them don't go around killing people any more than most Muslims do.
it's because of Islamic terrorism against the west.
Larry, you and Johnny Mabry have a fixation.  But "terror" is bad, no matter the justification. Can you agree? - Sikh temple murders: religious terrorism. Shooter thought he was murdering Muslims. - Jewish center murders by a Nazi and Klan member: Thought he was murdering Jews.  Both terrorist acts based on religion of victims - that's religious terrorism.  Of course, Roof murdered 9 innocents in a church not because of their faith, but their race.  Purposeful terror based on race is no good, either.  The Planned Parenthood shooting was extremism based on faiths that demonize Planned Parenthood. Most mass shooters are unstable, but instability doesn't choose the target in a vacuum.  The Orlando shooter wasn't an Islamic extremist, he seems to have been a bisexual man tormented by that and his faith, which like many "Christian" groups, demonize homosexuality. So, unstable in part because of faith, but by what his faith did to him, not what he was supposedly doing for Allah.
Just ask all the dead Germans that were killed by islamic terrorists she flooded Germany with, what they think of merkal!  She has a lot of blood on her insane leftist hands!
While making his propaganda film, the man did not learn the lessons from Auschwitz. Yes it is good to have a strong army to protect ourselves and defend other who need help. Nazi Germany  was not in response to an invading army. The horror was it's own government and army turned on it's own people and then turned on other countries. They murdered their own people, Jews. Not because of an invasion, but because of fear, prejudice and hate. They demonized the Jews, intellectuals and others (press) and blamed them for their economic  and other societal problems. Then they invaded other countries and imported more people to kill. Substitute Muslim for Jew. His demonization of another faith proves the man learned nothing.  How pathetic. And embarrassing.
Really?  Because when Obama was president, and a Muslim killed soldiers at Ft. Hood, it wasn't a terrorist attack.  When a Muslim immigrant married and shot up San Bernardino with her husband, it wasn't terrorism.  It was only terrorism when a white "lone wolf terrorist" killed people.  Ah, but that was then, this is now.
In Canada the most acts of vandalism are still directed at the Jewish population although cases of vandalism of mosques is growing. Overt acts and words of intolerance are felt by a number of visible minorities including aboriginals, blacks, Sikhs, Muslims and Asians. Those bigoted acts however seldom reach a level which could be described as terrorism. Our white Christian majority is far from perfect but there is no comparison to attacks by Muslim extremists in Europe and the UK, attacks on Coptic Christians in Egypt or the more numerous attacks on Muslims by Muslims in the mid east and Africa. So far Muslims are much safer than blacks in the US or aboriginal women in Canada or Christians in Egypt. We should be ashamed of small acts of bigotry but let's not pretend that a single death in London totally counter balances all the deaths on 9/11 or throughout Europe in recent years.
I have never said that links to the Telegraph or the Times are hate speech.  Ordinary muslims don't require apologies, no matter what Martel's hatred tells him.  Lies, hate speech and nasty personal insults - Martel's despicable stock in trade.
When you see terrorist events in Western countries they are usually being committed by Muslim men, sometimes they are not. But remember, Muslim men are not a significant portion of the population in any Western country. They are just 4% of the population of France, 2% of the population in the United Kingdom and 1% in the United States.  They should not be committing the majority of ANY crimes.
Isn't more like this?  Muslim guy kills, tougher immigration laws are the answer.  White guy kills, tax reform is the answer.
He was shouting God's name as he killed which is common for Islamic terrorists.. That might indicate his motivation
Ramadan Chokr is a hypocrite when he claims concern for the safety of others, given that his own organization officially endorses spousal abuse.    The imam of the Sammamish Mosque, Wassim Fayed, published a video of one of his lectures (http://www.popmodal.com/video/7382/US-Imam-Allah-is-clear-you-can-hit-your-wife) in which he explained to the men of the mosque that they should hit their wives if they refuse to wear the hijab.  This video demonstrates that wearing hijabs isn’t as voluntary as Muslims (and their American aiders and abettors on the “multicultural” left) would like us to believe.  Muslims need to learn that hitting women is unacceptable, illegal, and immoral.  And when you see Muslim women wearing their symbols of oppression and second-class citizenship at the local mall, don’t criticize or harass them.  It is likely that they’re wearing their hijab involuntarily and under threat of violence.
Almost certainly another Islamist terrorist attack on innocent people.
When the European police go into these 'moderate' muslim enclaves and pull out the murderous terrorist scum they find everyone knows they have been harbouring these terrorists for months. No such thing as a 'moderate' muslim! Wake up sheeple!
In Turkey's case, the label 'islamist' is a pejorative description, but Western Europe and North-America are 'upholding Christian values' and Israel is under the thumb of zionist religious zealots at all levels. Pretty hypocritical, if you think of it. Seems, like 'democracy' doesn't do much for secularism, but dictatorship does, like in Syria.
A career drug dealer, jacked up on cocaine and alcohol, goes off his rocker and assaults armed airport police in France. But he was born a Muslim so obviously it's Islamist terrorism, right? lol
Yep it’s because they’re Muslim women. People are finally waking up to the fact that Islam and Western values are largely incompatible.
So we can add this legal immigrant to the Boston Bomber brothers and other similarly inclined murderers who were admitted as children and subsequently decided to destroy, kill and maim others in their adopted home because of the peaceful doctrine of Islam.
Too bad, the religion of Islam/Quran and their terrorism has to stop.
The individual that killed 6 Muslims in Quebec was a Trump supporter. Maybe we need a travel ban on french Canadians and trump supporters.
"An ill-conceived presidential executive order rooted in racism and ignorance " The seven Muslim-majority countries targeted in Trump’s executive order were initially identified as “countries of concern” under the Obama . Travel restrictions already imposed.  So was Obama racist and ignorant as well but just to a lesser degree?  "People with tremendous medical and technical skills who would have done wondrous work in the U.S. were denied entry." So who's to say those that qualify won't do wondrous work in the US after the 90 day ban is lifted?   "And then came the murders at the mosque in Quebec City. I can’t draw a straight line between that tragedy and the executive order" Then why mention it?  Using this horrid tragedy to score anti-Trump points is pathetic.   It smacks of the shameless use of  Aylan Kurdi to slam Harper.   Don't get me wrong.  Trump's plan was hastily and sloppily executed and he deserves criticism for that.  IMO this piece is just a self-righteous temper tantrum.
People from Indian National Congress are openly and blatantly racist as long as they are not muslims or chrstians.  In 1984, sikhs were slaughtered after Indira Gandhi's assassination.  Rajiv Gandhi, dear darling son of Indira said - when the banyan tree falls the earth is bound to shake.   I am completely ashamed of the Nehru family members.  They have taken the country to the dogs.  It is high time to reconcile with Ex Kalistan sympathizers and move on. If you can openly invite and smooch with a terrorist like Yazhar Arafat, you have no bones to talk.
the next stage of deceit and lies of the LIberal Media just started. Making up stories of why Donald took away money to combat White Extremists. The problem is not the White Extremists but of the Liberals/Democrats and Media today.  Great, now Trump can use the money on the REAL extremists Liberal Democrats who spew Lies and Hate on the President of the United States . I'm appalled reading of a Democrat that threw F bombs and was happy Scallise was shot and should die. These Liberals/Democrats are no better than the Islam/Muslim Extremists spewing hate of the Western World. No better than the Palestinians teaching hate of Israeli's at a very young age. The Democrats have blood on their hands propping up the hate of Trump in which a Bernie Sander supporter went on a shooting spree of Republicans at a ballpark.
Biggest racists are those non-whites who in England demand exclusion from colleges curricula study of famous philosophers (Kant, Hegel, etc) because they are whites, or Shakespeare in USA because he's white too. Or 1300 Muslims who attacked recently 30 people in Toronto demonstrating against Islamization.
@denglish4 Wasting all the young precious life in pointless praying are disturbing. Teaching them people that have different faith than Islam are stupid/Infidels/evil are disturbing.
ROTFLMAO, "Critical Reader" and Anti Gun Nut Demonrats want The Union of States of the United States of the Republic of America  to become Mexico with "Strict Gun Laws", Article 10 of the Mexican Constitution, Current legislation sets the legality by which members of the armed forces, law enforcement and private citizens may acquire, own, possess and carry firearms; covering rights and limitations to individuals including hunting and shooting sport participants, property and personal protection personnel such as Only  bodyguards, security officers, private security, and extending to VIPs (diplomats, public officials, celebrities).  Most types and calibers are reserved to military and law enforcement.  Sure works well.....for the Mexican Drug Cartel Families, not so much for the Mexican Citizens.  For Years the Mexican Drug Cartels formed and Alliance with Muslim Terrorist Organizations.   continued.
Many of the comments I have read about the Muslim religion are not "hateful", but are considered "hateful" by many Muslims. Muslims living in Western society must accept that some of their tenants are diametrically opposed to the values of Western society!
That's funny. It's not like muslims have killed over 1,200 innocent people in terrorist attacks within the last month. Oh wait, yes they have.  https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/
People where burnt at the stake by Christians for saying the world was round, and are still put to death today for being atheists in Islamic countries. Religion is the curse on humanity. That is why I'm agnostic...because I can't have a relationship with God when it's interfered with by, hardliners that take a 2000 year old fairytale literally, that goes for Christianity and Islam. One can have a relationship with God without all that ballony.
Who can possibly hate more than a radical Islamist in America?
didn't work for the Indians/natives on the reservations what makes you think it would work for migrants. Those areas would turn into Muslim ISIS cells to destroy the country
How ironic that you claim to support indigenous peoples, yet Jews lived in their homeland nation of Israel long before either the Roman Empire, or the later spread of Islam, both of whom conquered the region by use of extremely brutal military force..     You are really quite the hypocrite, and clearly have a perverted view of history.
Mr. Putin, a man who says what he means....and means what he says! How refreshing! No bag lady in the Oval office ranting and raving with her pant suit cabal of pointy hats and parked broomsticks! Thank you for bringing stability to Syria and preventing our Marxist-feminist, Islam loving, shiny pony and poor selfie excuse of a leader, from flooding us out with a few hundred thousand more future terrorists!
I guess you are talking about the beheadings of infidels in the Koran?  Or maybe how raping women who aren't muslin isn't rape it is 'war spoils'?  Or maybe you are talking about how if you leave Islam you should be killed.  This isn't radical Islam, this is straight out of the Koran.  How the left thinks they can demonize Christianity and defend Islam at every turn is hypocritical and dangerous.
PROGRESSIVES are a CLEAR and PRESENT DANGER to WHITES KILL a PROGRESSIVE and TWO NIGERS and 5 MUSLUMS to PROTECT HUMAN LIFE
WHEN will you liberals ever understand that islam REALLY IS THE PROBLEM??? We NEED President Trump's muslim ban, and we need it Yesterday!!! And our A.G. Doug Chin and his ACLU buddies, and all of the rest of  you liberals need to wake up and see the truth about islam, before they kill you or your family !!! Islam really is an evil "religion"...
When are we going to acknowledge this radical Christian extremist terrorist?  Why are so many cowards afraid to label this what it is?  His religion is the basis for his hate and desire to murder so many of our American citizens.  How is this any different from "radical Muslim extremists?"
No. A ridiculous statement! The reason many people disliked (no"hate") Obama was because "President" Obama was an apologist of "Black Lives Matter" and violent racism toward Whites and also LE; as well as an apologist of Muslim Terrorists. He is un-American and an intensely disgusting person. He shamed all Americans and soiled American democratic institutions. His presence in government denigrated the nation."  THAT was Obama's "hobby"- denigrating the USA. After Obama had been elected in 2008, I supported him! He talked a good game...until it became clear to those who were supportive that he was doing all of the above.
jumping  in between multiple groups of fighting muslims makes about as much sense as bringing them to canada.
Insulting me does nothing for meaningful discourse and if anything, makes my claims of Christians killing many others with religious justification more legitimate than your false claims of Muslims doing the same, as you clearly don't have anything meaningful to contribute, nor research to prove yourself right and myself wrong.  It's understood that children resort to name calling when they don't have a valid or meaningful response.  But back to the issue, WHEN ARE WE GOING TO RECOGNIZE RADICAL CHRISTIAN EXTREMISM?
The rich who really run this country don't care all that much if US citizens are armed or not. Because the pro-gun crowd---so vehement about using their assault rifles to fight "tyranny"---are so distracted they haven't noticed that America...economy, government, media and religion---have already been purchased. You are now owned but don't even know it. The rich know well that, if major shooting starts, it will be upon mosques, Muslim neighborhoods, Black neighborhoods, Mexican neighborhoods. Until their incessant wars and fossil fuel emissions do us all in, the rich are safe for now...and they know it. The anti-gun thing...like abortion, gay rights, etc. is nothing more than a distraction intended for simple-minded folks---well-armed but not with awareness.
The muslims guiding book of beliefs & their "constitution" is the koran. Read it - dozens of passages urge all muslims to either convert or abuse & kill all who do not subscribe to it. Considering the words in the koran, I wonder how any reasonable person could call themselves a muslim. Clearly islam, is the enemy of every person in the world, including those who call themselves muslims.
This fool probably saw Doug Chin on TV and thought Hawaii is the place to be for Muslims. A Sanctuary, protected by Judge Watson, defended by the ACLU and provided for by Doug Chin and the Hawaii taxpayers.
Patricia Blair that is such a false equivalency and textbook Republican misdirection. Let me know the day that Hillary comes out and says Palestinians are rapists and murderers and threatens to ban Muslims from entering America. Banning Muslims would be more anti-Palestinian than anything Hillary has ever said or done.   Trump has become indefensible, and its blatantly obvious because his supporters simply try to change the subject as to how Hillary is worse. That's such a pathetic argument.
Why does Islamophobia exist? Four reasons:   1. While many Muslims are nice people, invite 20 million to come here, and Canada will be a Muslim society with a Muslim government. Some Canadians ask themselves: Do we want to live in a society similar to those in the Middle East? Also, long before Canada has 20 million Muslims, there will be attempts to change our society, such as demands for Sharia law.   2. The violent conflicts between Muslim groups in the Middle East are well known. Do we want to import those conflicts into Canada?   3. Many Canadians from Europe are familiar with the "white slave trade". Between 1600 and 1830, 2.6 million white girls and boys were kidnapped and sold in the Middle East slave markets to serve as labourers, domestics and sex slaves in harems. The Barbary pirates in North Africa sailed as far north as Ireland & Iceland to kidnap white children. (continued below)
1) Your knowledge as a Muslim scholar is appalling. You have to do better than a Fox News/Breitbart/AlexJones/RushLimbaugh on this. It will require you to do some research, but yes, Islam can be "compatible with our constitution"   2) Sit down and think, for a second, about how absolutely absurd you are with your "permanent western military bases" plan. THINK FOR A DAMNED SECOND. Seriously, we are talking about SYRIA. Go and put a "western military base" in Aleppo and see what happens. Your cluelessness infuriates me, as does your desire to broadcast your cluelessness. ALEPPO IS BEING WRECKED IN A US/RUSSIA PROXY WAR. Go put your base over there. What are you gonna do? Shoot down Russian war planes? I'm sure Erdogan would welcome our base there. I'm sure taxpayers would love to hemorrhage money in pursuit of WWIII   3) How you can truly think that a religion spanning 1 Billion people seeks to "subvert our country" shows some stark insights into the amount of books you've read.
"If he's a Muslim, he's a terrorist". If a Muslim commits a terrorist act, yes he is a terrorist. Driving  a car at high speed and aiming it at innocent people is not in the same vein as shoplifting. It is an act that terrorizes people; therefore it is terrorism. What would you call it - workplace violence?
Islam is at it's very core incompatible with our culture which is also traditionally Christian (which the muslims oppose). the shit will hit the fan at some point. I see all this as the beginning of great pains for Canada.
The only place where right is wrong, wrong is right, and boy is girl is in liberal America and other like sub-cultures.  Muslims adhering to the strict text of Islam can behead people for converting from Islam to Christianity,  but we dare not condemn.  If Catholics repeatedly, year after year, blew up buildings, restaurants, and metros in the name of Pope Francis, there'd be an outcry against Catholics.   That would be rational.   But when it's done by Muslims, any mention that these acts are done in the name of Islam is suppressed as religious discrimination.  That's irrational.
How about calling them "white nationalist terrorists"?    I mean, Donnie was clutching his pearls that Obama didn't start WWIII by insulting all of Islam at every opportunity and now we have the Christian identity type of home-grown terrorists coming out of the woodwork and NOW he's getting all politically correct?
it was one shooter and from his name I presume he is Muslim.  The other guy was released.
I bet muslim bakers in Germany aren't forced to sell to the gay weddings.
So Mr. Photo Op vacations on a private island with his islamic spiritual advisor, and refuses to attend the inauguration of the new U.S. President.  Kinda tells you everything you need to know about Mr. Photo Op and why he hates Canada and our way of life!  Way to go all you Canadian fools that elected a Western hating muslim to be your prime minister!
Surprise surprise suprise... Another Muslim Democrat committing a mass shooting.  You mean it wasn't a middle aged white Christian, Republican, NRA membership who committed this crime?? Shocking just shocking I tell you
I wouldn't urinate on Trump if he were on fire, and most likely he does harbor the passive racism of our culture. But as far as this campaign goes, what he said in regard to illegal aliens is spot-on, and echoed by every Mexican national and legal immigrant I know (which are many). They'll flat tell you the ones hopping the border are the scum of Latin society, and they're glad to see them go.  His ideas on "banning" Muslims are ridiculous and unConstitutional, but, Islam is an ideology, not a race. It's a repugnant ideology at odds with our way of life and human rights in general, but people have a right to their superstitions in this country. We'll just have to do with those practicing it as prescribed by the founder on a case-by-case basis.
‘Anti-Muslim hatred has no place in my Canada.’ That sounds like the sentiments of a simpleton. It’s plainly obvious that Muhammad was recording Satanic verses for his Koran. Do you honestly think that God would instruct mankind to throw gays from the top of tall buildings? Does God think it’s cool to mutilate people for petty crimes?
"On trade, on immigration, on Vladimir Putin, on other policies, he’s far afield of our Conservatives"  And there lies the core of the problem. Donald Trump is not a true conservative. Kevin O'Leary is not a true conservative. They are libertarians socially liberal and  free market advocates.    O'Leary is more so as he believes in open immigration and is more open to Muslims (being half Lebanese) .   Trump wants to grow the US economy and is probably more capable than your standard politician in getting it done. We will have to live with his stupid comments for the next while.
question arises - why aren't other minority groups marching also - black, Hispanics, muslims, gays, American Indians, native Hawaiian, Asians, etc.  dumpy is going to make it miserable for all of these groups.  he only favors white Europeans and rich people.
Throwing common sense to the wind, we continue to search Baptists and Anglicans, Boy Scouts and grandmothers at airports, because to focus on the known perpetrators of terrorism worldwide - Islamists - would be seen to be discriminatory.  And so, in the interests of political correctness, most of our resources are wasted harassing the innocent instead of tracking down militants before they wreak their damage.    Somebody needs to tell government that looking for gold in a silver mine is a fool's errand.
It's funny how oblamo never criticized Blm and Antifa thugs and radical Islam for their behavior and that was ok but Trump is being crucified for what he said . The hypocrisy is astounding.
Trudeau is pro Muslim terrorism, never mind his spin. Since when is Justin interested in saving tax payer money?
Go order a gay wedding cake from a Muslim bakery.
Is flooding your nation with Muslim terrorists now considered leadership?
Why are there any prayers at school?  Far as I know Christians, Sikhs, Hindus, Jews.... any other religion does not have prayers in schools so WHY THE F ARE MUSLIMS PRAYING IN SCHOOLS? WTF is going on here?
Can I still hate Muslims who want to kill us westerners and enslave us in a world caliphate?
DIVIDE AND CONQUER - It seems so far Trump has divided the UK from his detractors. By and large. It seems Egypt, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and the UAE (where I understand he has business ties) are excluded and divided from their fellow Moslem countries), AND NOW IT SEEMS you are suggesting Canada has been (or is being) divided from the civilized world. Russia has been openly embraced, and the move is on to ditch Ukraine and Georgia, and the removal of sanctions seems to be on the agenda. Your run for cover is disgusting to me - it is appeasement - it didn't work with that other racist liar which cost the world so much in the 1940s. Why do you think this should be our national policy now?
I bet she was warned by her family and friends about marrying the foreign guy, but she dismissed it all Islamophobia and racism.  Her heart knew what true love is and she wasn't going to let stupid people like her mother and father tell her what to do.
Utter NONSENSE.  Why isn't Trudeau forced to denounce the FLQ, the guy that murdered all those women engineers, the guy that murdered Muslims in the mosque??? They were WHITE CHRISTIAN MALES...   You are just a racist  with nothing else to show for yourself. SHAME ON YOU spreading such FILTH.
Well, Islam, Christianity and Hinduism all believe in invisible beings who never, ever show themselves and who apparently have super powers used to direct some sort of a petri dish experiment here on earth. Try raising that idea in any arena other than religion and 'lunatic' is precisely the word that gets applied. I don't see why religion gets a pass, but it does. In terms of 'infringement' I again go to the simple question...when was the last time an atheist was knocking at your door trying to convert you?
"We can't let religious lunatics intimidate us."  The only religion where people are attacking us is the one of the Moslems -- Islam.  If we state this truth, our comments are censored.  Why?
"As an African-American Muslim man, 'I don't have that freedom,"  You don't say.   Oh, sorry; I forget facts often get in the way of the taqiya victim narrative.  It never ceases to amaze me how pseudoliberals who purport to be champions of women's rights and GLBT rights are so ready to enable an ideology that is FAR more anti-women and anti-GLBT than the Christians that they hate so much. And I'm saying this as an agnostic who frequently criticizes Christians for their anti-rights stance on women's and GLBT issues.
Freedom of religon is the basis upon which America exists. Islam has bee part of America since before webcame a nation. The first person to die in the American revolution was a Muslim -- Crispus Attucks. The firs countr o recognize our new nation was a Muslim country -- Morocco Amerca's lomgest ally is a Muslom country -- Morocco. Muslims did not ask to be part of Amercan, we brought them here in chains and sold them asi the were far animals.
Naah, Trudeau does not care for Ïsrael. He feels much more comfortable sitting on the floor with Múslims and celebrating eid while wearing Múslim garb. He is not even a Chrïstian, but some amorphous creature, trying to be different things to please different people. That's my JustÏn.
Admitting  gays are thrown off building to kill them in many Muslim run countries across the ME, is forbidden. The G&M doesn't want people to realize the very real dangers we are facing.
Good grief, a guy dressed up like Santa Claus in a Muslim country like Turkey should have been a dead give away.  Happy New Year from a follower of  the religion of peace.  I wonder what it is that inspires, incites and leads Muslim followers of Islam to kill innocent civilians? Where do Muslims get the idea they must maim and kill innocent civilians in Turkey and in many other countries around the world?
ctd....  Look at the situation today in Bangladesh. Dozens of atheists, secularists and liberals have been murdered by Islamists in the past two years. Many have been hacked to death on the street or in their homes in front of their families. Bangladesh has a tradition of secularism and tolerance but this is under attack today by Islamists. Hundreds of secular Bangladeshi academics, authors, bloggers, etc, have fled Bangladesh in the past year because they fear for their lives.  Like I said many times before, Islamists are the #1 threat to Muslims all over the world.
Yes, and getting crucified at the altar of political correctness for so doing. So thank you for providing an additional example of the double standard I was writing about!  (Peter Beaumont of The Guardian about the portrayal of Muslims in that series): "High-profile Muslims living in the US share a secret: both willingly or otherwise they are covert helpers of Abu Nazir, the al-Qaida terrorist leader. In other words, it does not matter whether they are rich, smart, discreetly enjoying a western lifestyle or attractive: all are to be suspected.  (Laila Al-Aria in Salon, criticizing the portrayal of Muslims in that series: "... the most Islamophobic show on television... portraying Muslims under the light of simplistic concepts and as a monolithic, single-minded group..."
As a one more, Where do the souls of McConnells and his ilk's supporters, go when they die? Do they go to their white mans heaven? Or hell? I recall that their white mans jesus was a refugee fleeing a guaranteed death from a propped up Roman Empire despot, who was no different than the double digit despots we prop up worldwide, for the same colonial reasons the Imperial Roman Empire did. I recall that the Jewish priests had the Romans kill the jesus, for messing up their corruption, no different than the Vatican being built off the backs of hundreds of millions slaughtered Natives through the centuries. Yah,I would say that McConnell, his ilk,and their supporters are on a one way ticket to their Christian hell, no different than the Islamic terrorists created by McConnell and his republican and democrat cronies, are on their ways to their Islamic hells, without their 72 virgins, for slaughtering so many thousands of innocents
As far as LEGAL immigrants go: welcome to America!  As far as ILLEGAL immigrants go, I would rather provide for homeless veterans than use OUR taxpayer money on lawbreakers (the word is ILLEGAL) who arrive for unearned free stuff.  In addition, we have a right to protect our borders from terrorists.  Even if only 10% of 100,000 Muslim ILLEGALS are terrorists, that's 10,000!
Thing is... Muslims think their religious beliefs should be the law of the land. They're offended by anything non-Muslim. They think all women should dress modestly in public. They don't want you walking your dog past their house. They think fling a Canadian flag on your house is an affront to their home country. They really want sharia law in place. It's no wonder there is a little push-back. starting to surface.... It's going to get worse.... look at the problems in England and France.
Over and over in the Muslim bible it tells them to kill all people who will not convert. This is not islamophobia people. This is the right to life! I have a right to live knowing if one of their people will kill me as I am a Christian. A Muslim student in the school I work at was screaming "I'll kill all Christian 's". So tell us again why we shouldn't be afraid??? Please? Tell me???
"...Hence the U.S. shoot-down. We are protecting our friends. ...."  Yeah, and they'll be the next ISIS or al Qaeda.   "...Arrayed on the other side of the great Muslim civil war are the Sunnis, moderate and Western-allied, led by Saudi Arabia..."  LMAO....Sunni's and Saudi Arabia were behind 9/11.  al Qaeda is closely tied to the Sunni's.  No wonder we keep creating these terrorist whackos.  It's morons like the author of this article who doesn't see the obvious that keep letting this go on.
These various different killers that you refer to each had their own individual twisted reasons for doing what they did. These islamist killers all have a similar cultural background and their reason for killing is virtually the same. The act of murder was based in their religion. Also these other killers that you mention are a micro-percentage of the culture that they live in. The Muslim population may be mostly peaceful but they have a healthy percentage of radicalized individuals and much of their mainstream population is at least partially sympathetic to the goals of those radicals. It is willful ignorance to deny that there is a worldwide problem with the Muslim religion and it's interactions with other cultures.
Your defense is off  the mark I didn't call him a terrorist  I said he's pro Muslim terrorist immigration  His debt with congress doubled under Obama  Both at fault  Obama was leader  Pro partial birth abortion  Anti traditional marriage  Your a racist toward Christian values Scratch a democrate and find not racist but satanic principles
so, you are spreading libel about him?  How this any different than the idiots that ran around screaming that O was muslim, born in kenya, etc, etc? It is not.  Do not lower yourself to the same level as these GOPs are.  This kind of stuff needs to stop.
http://www.torontosun.com/2017/04/28/uk-police-shoot-1-arrest-6-others-in-counterterror-raids  More Islamic terrorism in the UK.
I think what he means is everyone should be a muslim, which should be disturbing to everyone
Nice obfuscation.  So Wilders wanting to ban all Muslims and just because he does not mention their skin colour is not an example of bigotry.  You can rest assured he would like to include all non-white races along with that.   And I for one believe we need slower immigration to allow for better assimilation and less multiculturalism but I will never ascribe to the likes of a guy like Wilders.
Islam is an ideology that undermines our freedom. We have different views about civilization that are not compatible.  Islam should be made illegal.  They are targeting your children. When do you propose to do something about it?  I'm not promoting violence. I want laws put into place to make the practice of Islam illegal. People who are Muslim should be given the choice of moving somewhere else or forever renouncing Islam as a condition of citizenship. Then I want those new laws enforced.
The Liberals don't know their history thats why they are letting all these people in..In 1971 The Muslims KILLED over 2 MILLION East Indians and raped 200,000 WOMAN. Such a peaceful clan..
Islamophobia in the Time of Trump    http://talkingpointsmemo.com/longform/islamophobia-in-the-time-of-trump  Fueled by the President’s nativist agenda and a new alliance with the alt-right, the professional anti-Muslim industry has never been stronger—or more dangerous.
"RE"gressives take a pathetic racist out and out line towards anyone who is not muslim!, harper stood against terrorists not muslim people you full of crap liberal troll...
Arab states are practicing Apartheid by de-humanizing Christians and practicing slavery of Christians in Sudan and ISIS, the model Islamic Caliphate.   Israeli Arabs and Jews have the same rights. Gaza and PA are different entities. Hamas in Gaza runs apartheid against Christians by forcing Islamic customs and forced conversions to Islam. The penalty for conversion from Islam is death.
How wrong art thou? Let me count the ways:  (1) Qur'an doesn't order Muslims to kill people on the basis of belief (2) Qur'an says nothing about 72 virgins (3) Dismissing a book you haven't read as 'evil' without reading it--you clearly haven't read it--is stupid.
Why are you being such a Christian phobe racist and bigot? Canada already has enough superstitious fundamentalist teachers indoctrinating kids about religion and Stone Age thinking: just go to your nearest Canadian Muslim school or Canadian public school whose kids learn about Sharia law and readings from Islamist superstitious books
As I recall,  it was a white Canadian who shot six Muslims in the back in Quebec while they prayed in church. Yes, our country will be "screwed up," to use your terminology,  if we don't find a way to catch illness like this at an early stage. I sense we failed with at least one other individual.
Strange how the number of hate crimes always rise when the number of Islamic terrorist attacks happen.... Just to put things into perspective, in the first 18 days of Ramadan this year there have been 104 Islamic terrorist attacks with 1147 people killed, in the same time period "Islamophobes" and all other religions combined have killed 0.
Judge Watson is an idiot.  How can this that only blocks people from 7 Muslim nations leaving 87% of the remaining worlds Muslims to apply to enter the country be anti Muslim??
Wow, all these girls like a lady that accepts money from radical Muslim countries that treat women like slaves. My guess all the news they get is from their teachers in school and they don't read things themselves. Granted Trump is no saint, but to vote for a woman that defends rapist including her husband is deeming to themselves.
And there are no threats.  If there are threats, then I would like to know because this is so extreme.  ISIS must be close to the attacks.    No this is about dumb rednecks being scared of people not like them because they read something at Breitbart about how all the Muslims are living under their bed and are going to kill them or whatever.
What will stupid Starbucks going to do support LBGT or Muslim believe? They should stay out of politic and stick to selling coffee.
If a Muslim cannot pledge allegiance to the USA its time to leave.
You are probably right but the travel ban also did nothing to improve secutity for either Hqwaii or the country as a whole.  Just another example of how republicans are ruled by imaginary fears.  The Muslims are coming for your women.  Be afraid, be very afraid.  Similar to the commie threat when republicans  preached be afraid of the Russians or Chinese.   They are coming to take over the country.
Muslim extremists that commit terrorist acts are a small, fringe minority and in no way representative of all Muslims.....and yet many of your buddies insist that the other Muslims need to disavow terrorism to prove their goodness (for lack of a better word).  It's not hard.  All Trump ever had to say was, "I do not want or need the votes or support of white supremacists".  See how easy it is?
Dylann Roof is an obviously insane mentally retarded person that the MSM is pushing as "The one that speaks for all White Americans", while this is just another in a long line of Muslim attacks on America.
Wente says "But some days, I have to wonder what’s gotten into people. Who, for example, would want to deny Muslims the right to bury their dead?".  She then says "The terrible massacre in January of six worshippers at a mosque in Quebec City revealed a problem: Quebec Muslims have few places to bury their dead. The only Muslim-run cemetery in the province is in Montreal, several hours’ drive away".  Who is denying Muslims the right to bury their dead?  It seems Muslims want separate cemeteries. Why do Mulsims have to have separate cemeteries to bury their dead in Canada? Why can't Muslims bury their dead in cemeteries along with other Canadians in Canada. Aren't the rest of us good enough? Are we unclean or something?  Who is being intolerant?
Yes, and especially Hillary without her make up. Yikes!  It is enough to make her convert to the Muslim faith and wear a burka to bed.
They will prosecute the Christians and give the Muslims a pass.
99% of  all terrorist are Muslim.  But the other Muslims dont want to face that very clear and simple truth.   There is tacit acceptance and even veiled approval in their refusal  to admit it.  Allah Akbar and Inshallah are all important.
The DOD is run by idiots who stand by while HFCS, 56 vaccines by age 60, fluoride poison in municipal water and toothpaste, FRC in every mattress and every thing, Rumsfeld's aspartame, and GMO food makes the youth of the nation fat and stupid.  While the DOD bothers itself with trannies, homosexuals, and moms in combat, the communists, darwinists, and Satanists ruin the minds and lives of public school children.  The DOD idiot solution will undoubtedly be more foreign nationals in the military, probably from the heart of Islam and mainland China.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan had no further comments as to what that knuckle-head nephew of his was up to running into people with a car other than "Crazy kid huh?".  He also muttered something about part and parcel, big cities etc., etc., and how Muslims are the real victims in this latest attack.
Well Islam has its fair share of stoners. Adulteresses beware!
We have to pay for the French, the Catholic, the Jews, the Muslims, the Feminists, the Natives, the Welfare Class, the millions of government workers, the baby boomers pensions, the new immigrants and refugees....   what more could go wrong ???
People on the plane were allergic to an intolerant Muslim.
Umm, they were both Muslim terrorists no? Just sayin..
I am non-Muslim Canadian man and I would vastly prefer a Muslim woman in a headscarf than a proud feminist who is triggered by things.  Not that I would end up with one when there's always the option to get with another woman and thoroughly enjoy Ontario's new non gender specific parent reference
Sounds like the idiot is trying to deflect blame away from his self for his "remarks about Muslims, and gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Americans."  The man has no one to blame for his errors in judgment and lack of basic humanity towards others different than himself and he wants to "portray himself" as a selfless public servant of the people?  Sorry there  Charlie, time to cut the act and be held accountable for your own  biased and egregious words; if you can't do that, then you do not deserve the honor to be a "public servant of the People!"  Don't let your own bias and fears hit your fat backside on the way out!
I would not have a graveyard next to me, nor would I buy a property next to a graveyard. It may have been for Muslims, Protestants, Catholics or just a place to bury people, it does not matter. It is the press making up news to make it a Muslim issue, who cares, not me I would vote the same, the same vote I would pass for a pig farm.
I have tried desperately to stop leftist trolls from pressing flag buttons and letting all opinions be presented.  Then I realized it wasn't one person, it was entire call centre funded by muslims and liberals in India.   I traced the IP and all these "anti-fascists" are nothing but hired button pressers in India most likely funded by a globalist group based in Ottawa funded by billionaires
Muslim radicals kill more Muslims than anyone else. Not a day passes when Muslims are not murdering fellow Muslims.
You have my apologies. I wasn't trying to bring up old hurts about your past. I simple stated my opinions as to Muslims needing to be better screened before allowing them into the country. Muslims or followers of Islam I have no problem , however with radical elements within I do. Anyone who's religious doctrine says it's a good thing to strap on a bomb to kill innocents, isn't anyone who needs to be here . If you cannot control your borders, how can you even hope to keep America safe?  I'm not going to debate this, just stating my opinion. Over immigration system is several flawed and unless changed we gonna to have issues. Ask anyone in Paris or anyone from 9/11. Terrorism on American soil. Islam is the "religion of peace" but elements within or not. If someones religious beliefs support the death of innocents via sucide attacks,  please send them away on a submarine with screen doors.
Those killed for being Muslim or for being Christian?  Its not even a CLOSE comparison.  Murders of Christians because they are Christians is far and away higher than the other way around.  Deaths by wars or for reasons OTHER than religion then maybe you have a case.  But that isn't the argument being made so you shouldn't bother trying to use that to support the lie you are spreading.
...except for the part where Muslim isn't a "race," and 99.99 of terrorist bombings are by non-white Muslims....
What associations does "white violence" have with Christianity?  What associations does "Muslim violence" have with Islam?  Didn't mean to destroy your argument.  Maybe I did.
Islam in not a religion but rather a polital process for world domination. Allegance is sworn to their imam and the Umkah Islam or natiin of Islam. For ideological illiterates that dont understand their citizensgip is called brotherhood and their goal is sharia law look at the birth of Muslim nations. Good decision Mr. President.
Unfortunately this is another case where scammers have ruined the chances of honest gays to seek refugee status in Canada. Many are taught by their human traffickers that stating that you are gay is a free pass to Canada if you are from the world of Islam.
“The actions were the latest legal blow to the administration’s efforts to temporarily ban refugees as well as travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries.” ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  On February 27, while mired in his ham-fisted attempt to repeal and replace Obama Care, Trump ludicrously observed, “‘Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.”  Now, it seems this politically ignorant neophyte is learning something else everyone else already knew: being president is so complicated, especially when you try to circumvent the US Constitution. Trump is beginning to find out that the presidency is not an entry level position.
What is it with you people defending that Muslim terrorist Assad?  Seriously?  Why are some so quick to side with him over the West????
Get a clue, Mexican and Islam are not races.
Oh boo hoo. A GTA Liberal chicken little who with her husband became irrelevant at noon today. And did you hear Trump proclaim he's going to end islamic terrorism? Tell Dougie to take note.
Too bad...put that tenacity to work changing your Islamic philosphy of killing all the infidels...stop your Countrymen from chopping off victims' heads and stoning to death the women. Get into the 21st Century, then maybe you and yours would be welcome to visit America...not until!
...  Why aren't the Congolese blowing stuff in Belgium? Why Muslims?  Why are Muslim blowing stuff in Germany? . "Colonialism" - the "go to", quick and ready response to the "Elephant in the room".
Hey dolphin. Those darn raping muslims have some catching up to do.    "The figures released February showed 7% of Australian priests, as well as other non-ordained religious brothers and sisters and other Church personnel, were accused of abusing children between 1950 and 2010.  The Commission found that approximately 40% of the priests from the religious order Brothers of St. John of God have allegations of abuse against them during this period."
You can't wipe away the fact that the base was attracted to Trump for his racist comments regarding Mexicans and Muslims. They praised his lack of common decency and political ignorance as "telling it like it us."  So no, you can't run from the fact that Republicans embraced, supported and ultimately nominated a dangerous con-man. It reflects poorly on the judgment and the beliefs of the GOP, as it should.
What these idiots fail to realize is that Trump has employed and cut pay checks to more black latino gay lesbian muslim and transgendered people than all previous presidents combined.
He had full auto what sounded like an AR 223 5.56. I doubt he paid the 200 dollar tax stamp and 65k for a legal one. He is thought to be a Muslim convert so lets ban Muslims. fuck the left.
Add to the story the fact that it was deemed newsworthy that the Saudi King, ACTUALLY  SHOOK MELANIA TRUMP'S HAND, while she visited his country, and it is not hard to see why the Mainstream Muslim World is just not compatible with Modern Western Society. NOT EVEN CLOSE. Women there, are treated like garbage.  It is not hard to see how that degree of male domination can sow the seed of hatred and radicalization towards anything or anybody who is different.
Can't I say this?? Muslims want their religious beliefs to be the law of the land. The harder they push the more push-back there will be. Look at what's going on in England and France... it could easily happen here.
@ALbertD3 >>So, in saying that, am I an online troll? You didn't define it very clearly, just as M103 fails to clearly define Islamophobia. This is a dangerous game. . Spot on. We have articles conveying 'Muslim victimhood' and 'Canadian -phobias' - most of the time authored by a Muslim woman in a head-scarf. Hold the outrage, before marking the post, and ask yourselves why is that a pattern? . Where are the Muslim male authors? Or non-covered Muslim female authors? Or opinions different than those having been relentlessly published in G&M?
The POTUS does not wait when the terrorist is Muslim, why should we?
Muslim terrorist not as bright as born in US terrorist, a fine deduction Tommy.
That's because muslims have either ethnically cleansed or killed most of the Christians in the ME and there are almost none left.
You answer your own question. Muslims are killing Muslims. Stop killing you own people and you do not need weapon from Canada.
It would be interesting to know how many of the useful idiots donning “pussy hats” at Saturday's massive “Women's March on Washington” had any idea—or even cared to know—who the principal organizers of the event were. The answer is undoubtedly close to zero. Linda Sarsour was one of the principal organizers, Sarsour was a featured speaker at the annual convention of the Islamic Society of North America, a Muslim Brotherhood front group that promotes Sharia Law and Islamic supremacism. The Brotherhood, it should be noted, is the parent group of both Hamas and Al-Qaeda. You bet it's far from over.
Most active shooters of late have been radical Muslim terrorists or Bernie supporters.
Muslims have killed over 1,200 people worldwide during this ramadan alone.  If it was intended as payback, they would need a lot more vans.  https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/
Yes of course!  Purveyors of misogyny, bigots, racists, right wing fundamentalist christians, white people, gun toting nuts, Islamophobia and Nazis are responsible for her loss. Or it could be that reasonable American voters were just sick and tired of the predictable garbage she was selling.
Yup. You should've seen some of the monsters, errrrr, soldiers that I was in with. They should not be allowed to walk the planet. Their actions were viewed by higher ups as "within guidelines" or "acceptable given the environmental conditions." I hope a lot of people go down for these crimes. These are the kind of people that should not be in the military let alone carrying weapons ever. They only signed up to kill Muslims. I heard more people than you can fathom say it all the time.
"US/Saudi supported 'moderate' terrorist head-choppers" No, Islamic supported and trained... Countries don't train people to be head choppers, organ eaters and yell "Allah Akbar while killing each other and innocent people.
You mean like the 4,000 or so who were murdered by radical Muslims on 911?  Who was president then? Oh, never mind!  And how come conservatives only care about mass shootings, when they are carried out by Muslims?
Franklin Graham, his presence is a slap in the face to American muslims. Shame on the committee for including an outspoken hater in the inaugural ceremonies.
Only one killer, one too many - a "very white" Québécois, racist, misogynistic and intolerant, born in Quebec. The young Mohamed El Khadir has NOTHING to do with the killing of 6 innocent persons. Violence is simply inexcusable.  My best thoughts are with the grieving Muslim families.  Regards.
Harper also ran a candidate that would come to your home and pee in your dishes. Doesn't mean Harper was really tolerant of that - at least for his own dishes.  At one time Harper wanted a party of Theo-Cons; all the orthodox religions of the book (Jewish, Christian, Muslim) even Orthodox Buddhist holding hands and hating progressives and gays like Baird. Baird wisely never "came out" to Canadians or his constituency; he just enjoy the benefits of all the progressives who fought for his rights.  BTW, Harper specifically attacked refugee programmes and had Kenney cut health care to vulnerable refugees and asylum seekers. My MP sent me dog whistle note asking if I approved of refugees "getting better health care" than me.
Wow who needs the CIA when we have great minds like yourself, yes the media was duped as was Bush.   Regardless Obuma should have finished the job, leaving early and not cleaning up a American mess was a trajic error that will be felt for generations!!!!!  A President who blindly believed the intel that was presented with out question followed by one who swam in own ideology!!!  Poor poor Muslims.
And Christians have been killing other Christians. Give me a break! If the problem was Muslim on Muslim violence, where would the impetus to attack the West come from?
Peter Stockland would you like a cemetery adjacent to your home? I bet you wouldn't you hypocrite piece of garbage! Who cares if it's Muslim, Jew or any other kind. You are just trying to sensationalize the Muslim part of the application. Whether it's the Muslims or the Indians your garbage is getting old. Go write greeting cards for hallmark as you are nothing but a clown.
Anti-Muslim hatred has no place in Canada. HOWEVER, proper vigilance and refugee/immigrant screening sure does to protect us from Muslim Terrorists does!
Sure it can be stopped. Stop bringing in more muslims.  Once we get a real leader we can deport the rest.
While I don't share jack's pomposity, from what I've seen, the majority of "terrorist attacks" in the US are from radicalized Muslims at this time. I think it is important to point out that most of these attacks originate from confused/angry US citizens not foreign refugees. . I also think that it is important to point out that murder in the US based on factors other than "terror attacks" far exceed the ones based on "terror attacks". While "terror attacks" gain more notoriety, it is more likely you will be killed for "disrespecting" some punk than some religious nut-case of any faith.
Stop allowing Christians into Canada who have been overtly persecuted by Muslims. They are likely Islamophobes.
They want even define Islamophobia. Ridiculous.
Never hire a Muslim, a Black person or a female...ever!
Cute slogan.  After you try hugging the hate out them, maybe the muslim terrorists will let you choose from nail bomb or van assault for your demise.  They have used both means very recently to kill innocent men, women, and children.
My thoughts exactly, because not only do Sharia Law and Christian Law parallel each other, Christians are bombing and terrorizing right alongside their Muslim counterparts.
Yes I could, and will, as long was reactionaries and bigots use the actions of some Muslims, or any group, to vilify that group as a whole. Ironically the article you linked to proves my point in the fourth paragraph. Did you bother to read down that far?  "In country after country, Islamic FUNDAMENTALISTS" - emphasis mine. Clearly the author is intelligent enough to understand the distinction between Muslim fundamentalists and Muslims as a whole. What aren't you? Sad really, as you were doing so well there for a while.
The U.N. is a useless organization, completely dominated by Muslim nations.
Metooist:  You raise the key questions relating to religions.  Is god (or God), if he,she, it or they exist, loving or vengeful,  kind or rather nasty?  How about folks who pray to god (God) for rather petty things....victory in a football game for example.....would a god(God) really be interested in such matters?  As we look around us at the harm being done in the name of various gods(Gods), would any supreme being really want such actions?  The list of rather depressing questions could go on for pages.  I've met very loving, wonderful people of all religions.  I've met very loving, wonderful people who are athiests or agnostics.  I've met really nasty, hateful people who are self-avowed Christians, and, again, I've met nasty, hateful people who are agnostics or athiests.  How about radical Muslim zealots.....not really nice folks.  Yet, the vast majority of Muslims are peaceful individuals.  Good is done in the name of religion...so is evil.   I share your skepticism re: religion.
What rights of Muslims are being violated--that they need Christians to come to their defense? If anything, I think our country and government are quite favorable to Muslims, while being hostile to Christianity.  For example: putting a statue of Mary in urine is considered art, yet the person who wanted to burn Korans was called out and strongly condemned.  A professor who requested people to send him consecrated hosts was not strongly condemned, but those who desecrate Muslim sacred things are.  A professor has his students draw a picture of Jesus and tells them to stomp on it and nothing happens to him.  What would happen to a professor who tells his students to draw the prophet Mohammad and stomp on that?  Oh, and when have the Muslims been called out for their moral teachings and their teachings on women?   I don't think the Muslim community is having their rights trampled that Christians need to defend them.  I do think the rights of Christians are being trampled.
This started with Rohyinga Muslims killing soldiers and advocating for violence. Europe will soon be in the same boat with their Muslim populations.
At least we know the NAMES of the people to SUE, if any Muslim from those countrys kill anyone or have a terrorist attack in Hawaii..
Western countries should follow Egypt's lead on fighting Islamic terrorism. Any mosque or Islamic school spreading hate and sympathetic to terrorists is shut down and those responsible arrested....end of story.
It is immoral to give a convicted muslim terrorist tax money from Canadian workers.
Yes, but if we say what you say (just talking about a report) we get censored, because it doesn't fit with the multicultural society that PM junior wants us to believe is what we need.  Why can't we say Islam is a misogynistic, gay-hating religion.  Not all Muslims agree with this, but those who do then kill, beat, and rape women and gays.
This is very inconvenient for these muslims, However, the last 20 years have been very inconvenient for the non-muslims of the world who have been subjected to increased security measures, and mass killings and disruption of world peace due to muslim violence. the muslims seem unable to address their own issues, maybe its time to turn the screws.
Very interesting comments so far. Most quote some facts that help their positions but the one fact is that all Religions are not compatible with Islam. One reason being there is a growing ignorance of Christianity and the truths of Jesus, but also an ignorance of the historical beginnings and teachings of Islam. People need to educate themselves. Islam in North America is called the "Religion of Peace" but their Mid East roots do not support this assumption. Islam is a Political entity that must rule not just be a Religion as we see everywhere it dominates as in many African and all Mid Eastern Countries. These Countries have blasphemy laws protecting only Islam, WHY?? They are expecting those same laws of protection as we see now being put forward by Islamic people in our political system. Once in power force becomes their means of making sure they remain in power. Research yourself, Islams god IS NOT the same God of Christians and Jews as they say. They are counting on your Ignorance
"Mind you, now Trump's figured out that Sunni Muslims like the Saudis have the money he wants to tap into to sell arms"  Trump didn't "figure out" anything, the Yanks have been selling arms to the Saudis for generations.  EVERY president including Nobel Peace Prize winner Obama sold Saudis weapons.  Stop pretending like Trump continuing to do so is some revelation or is insidious in any way.    Also, it sort of shoots your whole "out-and-out hostile line" line in the foot doesn't it?  The travel ban "proved Trumps hates Muslims" despite him dealing with Muslims, NOT banning travel from numerous Muslims dominant countries, etc.  It's almost like your rhetoric got ahead of itself and is patently obvious that you're simply wagging the dog.
If criminal was a 'black motorist' then the 9/11 hijackers were 'muslim pilots'
Islam is a dark sinister force and for some reason the left continues to turn a blind eye to this .
It's imperative that all Canadians both Muslim and non-Muslim read this book concerning Islamic reform: "Heretic Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now by Ayaan Hirsi Ali" Go to your local library and get it. It's not a book about bigotry, its a book that dissects Islam explaining why its the way it is and how it must go through a reformation. Ayaan Hirsi Ali makes a powerful case that a religious Reformation is the only way to end the terrorism, sectarian warfare, and repression of women and minorities that each year claim thousands of lives throughout the Muslim world. With bracing candor, the brilliant, charismatic, and uncompromising author of the bestselling Infidel and Nomad argues that it is foolish to insist, as our leaders habitually do, that the violent acts of Islamic extremists can be divorced from the religious doctrine that inspires them. Instead we must confront the fact that they are driven by a political ideology embedded in Islam itself. Fed. MP's must read it.
Your narrative is a lie. Christians are victims every day- look no further than Coptic Christians living under Islamic terror every day.  No one is saying "churches just turned dangerous," they're saying despite the harassment and abuse done to them by atheists and Islamism sympathizers, they could at least be safe in church-- which has indeed changed for the worse in the last 15 years.
I hope Geert wins ! I for one , think we need to realize that Muslim Immigrants along with Muslim Canadians do not have our best interests at heart . An Imam in Toronto is calling for the death of all Jews ,and the Qur'an calls for all Infidels to be killed . We don't need any more people that have a Religion that promotes violence!! It is a fact that Muslims do not Assimilate  or Integrate into the culture of a country that was founded on Judeo / Christian Values . You just have to look at news from Europe to see the problems that Muslim Immigration has caused !
It proves that again Christian and Muslim come from the same root, they basically act in the same way when getting angry.
The left's pro-Islamic stance is merely a reflection of the "enemy of my enemies". They hate Christians, Christianity, and all things they see as "traditional" America, and because Islam is the antithesis of these things it is to be propped up, defended, and legitimized at every turn. It's a form of Stockholm syndrome. Just look at how Germany and Sweden are dealing within the destruction of their cultures...being in more Muslims who aren't assimilating to replace the native population in the name of "diversity" at all costs.
As does Islam genius. Oh and subjugation of women, and the KILLING of non-Muslims. So your point is slag. Could me and my transgender bf get married in a mosque? Get a grip.
Equal pay. Reproductive rights.  Protection from discrimination, harassment, bulkting and assault. (Like pussy grabbing) Not being charged higher insurance premiums based on gender.  Trump akso said "there has to be some form of punishment " for women who have abortions.  Muslim womens rughts  Dreamers rights.  LGBT rights.  Black rights.   Just because you can't (or won't) recall  that many of our rights are threatened doesnt mean its not happening.   It means you are either out of touch or willfully ignorant. Bith are curable
You can't name a single Christianity inspired terrorist attack. If mass shootings are tied to religion, that religion is Islam.
NUKE the Rothschild-Bauer FORCED occupation of Israel. Talmudic infant killing blood drinking Jews created the Democrat, Socialist, Communist, and Liberal all to destabilise nations. Now we have Jew funded factions like Antifa'g popping up all over America. The Jews primary enemy has become the Moslem! Jews demoralised America over the last 100 years with Satanic Qabalist Hollywood. They RAPE our children. Their music "industry" screams modern slavery. Besides this TRUTH.... Why fight JEW Battles? Whites and Blacks usually get along... The Crypto-Jews ran the transatlantic slave trade. So why are White non-slave owner Americans in 2017 under attack? One answer.... Devious Evil JEWS.  Don't be fooled.... I am a Jewish anti-semite. I like being an anti-semite. When you study Jewish history for 47 years like I have you KNOW damn well who the enemy of humanity is. I am Judeo-Christian. I am on the right side. All blessings be to Jesus Christ and G🕍d!! #AmericaFirst #SimonOfTrentsRevenge
"Jeremy Christian allegedly stabbed two men to death and seriously injured a third amid what witnesses called an anti-Muslim tirade on a commuter train."  What's the difference between this guy and the guy that shouts "Allahu Akbar" as 4 ISIS inspired terrorists (pro-Muslim group) drive a truck over pedestrians killing 7 (some by stabbing) and put 48 more in hospital, 28 in critical condition?   The difference is Christian is insane & London is not Portland.
Dylan roof was a mentally ill little scum bag and McVey was likely a cointelpro patsy...it's remarkable that the left's love affair with Islam considering the things Islam stands for are in such stark contrast to liberal western thinking. I think because the left and Islam both oppose Christianity and Americanism it an enemy or their enemies type of thing.
Well, the OP singled out one religion, and claimed that students wanted a mosque in school, which is complete nonsense.    If the OP has an issue with the law, then it should only be changed when it is applied uniformly to all religions.  When Catholic schools are shut down and no one is allowed to pray or celebrate religious holidays in public schools, then the prayer room should also be eliminated.  Until then, it's quite hypocritical to say that Muslims shouldn't be allowed to pray for an hour a week when we have entire taxpayer funded schools dedicated to sects of Christianity.
I tell you religious fanatics one more time, telling you to keep your religious private and pray at home is not islamophobia.
I notice some Muslims, Hispanics, and Blacks are claiming the the media, Trump, and Police are slow to call this terrorism, because the shooter is white, and likes guns and country music. On the other hand some white nationalists are calling this Antifa because it targeted at country music lovers. The divide in the country again.
Whether the Supreme Court upholds Trump's ban or not the point is the ban was clearly intended to discriminate against Muslims and so constitutes an attack on the First Amendment. And if Trump could he would shut down his antagonists in the press because he's a dictator wannabe who admires murderous authoritarian strongmen like Saddam Hussein, Kim Jong Un and, of course, Vladimir Putin, and, to the horror of everyone, has extended an invitation to the White House to Rodrigo Duterte.  Your ingenue act was old three years ago.
So, apparently a Russian is more dispensable and of less importance than an Islamic terrorist.
Wouldn't the world be great if we had no religion at all?  Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, etc--all a collection of stupid superstitions and archaic customs and traditions that divide people and by the very fact of the division causes suspicion, superiority, hatred and violence.  Maybe we needed religion when people couldn't understand what was in dark corners and relied on others to allay their fears, but it no longer serves any useful purpose.
I'm happy to see USA bombard ISIS. But if Russia used a big bomb there would be an outcry.  Let's unite to defeat Islamism and Islamic terrorism.
Only in your Fox News/Limbaug/Spicer mindset as millions peacebly hit the streets while Rent-A-Cops assault same peace protestors and illegally round up those not involved in any violence or vandalism just like Nazi Germany.  Your usual attempt to redefine the very term fascist to divert from the evil of the Republican tried-and-true lifetime fascists.  Canadian White Supremacist slaughters Islamic prayers while Fox News tries to put the blame on a bystander.  The same lies and deceit found throughout the White Supremacist, Fundamentalist Christian/Catholic government of Der Neo-Fuhrer Trump.  The rights of the people to peaceably assemble will not be denied by any law.  This fascist administration and Congress has already violated all of their oaths of office to defend all of the U.S. Constitution.  Crawl back into the bunker, dolt.
What is wrong with the brains of the many Canadians on this board who defend what ISIS does as understandable, given the Western attacks on Muslim countries?  I mean seriously, you people. Suppose that tomorrow morning, the United States Air Force bombs and takes over Ottawa, Edmonton and Victoria. I mean seriously, does your gut suddenly tell you "Oh, well, that does it then, I'm gonna have to drive over to Detroit or Seattle and blow up a music hall filled with a hundred teenagers, and then drive my SUV through a line of kindergarten students."  What is wrong with the brains of the many Canadians on this board who defend what ISIS does as understandable? It is not understandable, it is not defensible, and the many people on this board who say it is, well, I can only imagine the fantasies you folks have about slaughtering overseas kindergarten students and teens with your cars should it be that Canada is ever attacked in the near future by a state....
Just another example of someone trying to make us think white people are as bad as the Islamist terrorists so we should stop criticizing Islam/Islamism and stop saying 'Islamist terrorism'.  Pathetic.
I have yet to see an article by ordinary muslims condemning these atrocious and barbaric killing of innocents in the Middle East simply because they are on the wrong side of a religious line in the sand.  This has been going on for thousands of years and is endemic to a religion that considers non muslims to be infidels to be killed at will , as a ticket to heaven.  3% is still too many of these otherwise fine people , whose communities undoubtedly contain radical seeds that see ordinary canadians as merely infidels..
Good questions. I only stated that the registration of Muslims, not necessarily an injustice in itself, seems reasonable if high rates of crime, of a particular nature,  can be identified with a particular group of people.  Hypothetical references to whites and blacks do not defeat the above statement.   Now that I think about it, the fact of the matter is that Black violence in America does exceed the violence committed by Muslims in this country. But if we knew that their was a particular widespread segment of the Black population  advancing a particular ideology through violence, the society would not hesitate to cast some sort of  blanket over Blacks in general as a means to combat the violence. Would this be wrong?  It all comes down to the actual or potential violence that the society is responding to. Violence can rip a country apart and destroy the very foundations of a society leading to even greater death and destruction. You have to be realistic about these things
"At the risk of undermining the resistance, here are a few notes of cautious optimism. I do not believe that Mr. Trump’s agenda is racist or sexist or that he hates Mexicans or even Muslims (peaceful ones, that is). Most of his closest advisers are reasonably sane. (In fact, I’d feel incredibly relieved if Jared and Ivanka ran the White House while he tweets away.) Many of his cabinet appointments are fine, and some are outstanding. Rex Tillerson, his secretary of state, has Vladimir Putin’s number. He is tough and crafty. He makes John Kerry look like a eunuch."  Looks like Wente has been into the koolaid! She needs a reality check!
Terrorism Is a real threat … but try to keep in mind only a small percentage of terrorist attacks carried out on U.S. soil over the last couple decades where carried out by muslims. Lesser yet Somalians muslims.
Seven year old Mohamed arrived at his classroom on the first day of school. “What’s your name?”, asked the teacher. “Mohammad,” he replied. “You’re in Ireland now,” replied the teacher, “So from now on you will be known as Mike.” Mohammad returned home after school. “How was your day, Mohammad?”, his mother asked. “My name is not Mohammad. I’m in Ireland and now my name is Mike. “Are you ashamed of your name? Are you trying to dishonor your parents, your heritage, your religion? Shame on you!” And his mother beat the shit out of him. Then she called his father, who beat the shit out of him again. The next day Mohammad returned to school. The teacher saw all of his fresh bruises. “What happened to you, Mike?”, she asked. “Well, shortly after becoming an Irishman, I was attacked by two fucking Muslims.”  I hope JT has a sense of humour.
The article says "Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, the latest directed at Egypt’s increasingly embattled Christian minority following two church bombings last month that killed more than 45, also claimed by the group".  Apparently, that's the fourth time since January 2017 that Muslims have attacked, killed and injured innocent Coptic Christians in Egypt.  The Coptic Christians are peaceful and aren't fighting against Muslims so I guess the Muslims must be attacking the Coptic Christians just to follow the many verses in the Qur'an that call for the destruction of Jews, Christians and non believers.  Why else would Muslims be attacking poor, peaceful, innocent Coptic Christians?
I see the psycho cat hating muslim is still trying to make every story about Amy.  you always manage to weave you're hatred for Caucasians, Jews and Christians into you're fanatic diatribes. The fact that you work for the federal government should be a concern for everyone. jones is not the story here. get over it. aloha snackbar.
That includes the CBC ,Star, and most Canadian media who will never admit  knowing precisely what the problem is,  despite it being stated plainly by the perpetrators.  As nations fall to Islam in bloody civil war, the op-eds innocently ask, "How could this happen?" and then blame Trump, or Bush  or Christians,
Another Muslim attacking Americans. When will those liberals learn we need to shut our borders and build that wall.   Wait, what....
I have yet to hear any of his supporters referred to as morons.  I have to say, though, that even though it is by no means always the case, I have seen  a number of Trump supporters making comments that could only be described as bizarre.  I have much more confidence in the intellect of an average Canadian than I do of the average American.  Just last week, I heard a woman interviewed from somewhere in the southern US that still believed that Obama was a born in Africa and was Muslim. When she was told that Donald Trump had acknowledged that he was an American citizen, her reply was simply "no he didn't"!  What do you do with that answer? Just shake your head and hope she forgets to vote.
Especially keep your religion out of the halls of Congress. What in the world were Kelly and the other "christians" doing injecting their religious beliefs onto the floor of the state legislature? Would they have welcomed a Muslim or a Hindu or even a Jew to comment on their religious distortions on the floor of the Senate? Just do your damned jobs and get the financial mess straightened out. And Jesus ain't gonna be any help in that department either.
So muslims repeatedly threaten to wipe Israel off the face of the earth, kill the USA- "the Great Satan", continue to violently attack anyone they find vulnerable, behead people & burn them alive ..... yet the cerebrally challenged politically correct (whatever that really means morphs daily to suit the current situation) voices seem to think acting positively to protect your own is not acceptable. They fear that direct, effective counter measures may "offend" someone. That is ridiculous & self defeating.  Just as the USA reacted to the Jap attack on Pearl Harbor, we need to act effectively to eliminate all terrorism.  Attempts to cloak islamic terrorism as acceptable because it is based on a "religion" is obviously a red herring.  Islam is far from a religion as most of us conceive religion to be.  Islam is a theocracy aimed at political, economic, & thought control by those who direct it.
Skyofblue, how many Islamic extremists have we imported?  Almost none.  How many white supremacist right wing nut bars do we have?  A large number judging by the comments here.  It's best to focus on the larger problem facing the country, which is right wing extremism.
What is interesting is that all the religions we have in Canada there has been virtually no problems until this bunch comes.    Here where I am they have their own school, Mosque but probably only time before trouble here as well.  The problem is not the Muslims but the Liberal Politically correct who feel it is only right to place one group over the rest of us.  Vote these idiots out and tell the Muslims they will be treated the same as the rest of us and either problem goes away or they do.
Hillary when will learn that you yourself lost the election people don’t like you. They believe you are a liar and a crook. During your campaign you had nothing to offer. All you talked about is open borders, illegal aliens, Muslim refugees. You ignored the American people so go hide in a whole and leave us alone. I hope your new book is a failure like your last book.
You're right, SB, so long as the bunch of cheap socialists aren't so stupid as to tweet that all those who call themselves refugees from anywhere in the world are  welcome to come to their country and then hundreds or thousands of phony refugees from the Muslim world begin flocking illegally across their border, up to half with criminal records, and the national police respond by helping them with their luggage.  But since nobody could possibly be stupid enough to cause this to happen, then the US has nothing to worry about.  Mind you, the potential upside for the US in this insanity is that most of the bad guys coming here in this refugee tide are coming from the US so we are thereby helping them get rid of their potential Jihadists.  Unless, of course, they just use Canada as a staging ground to plan and prepare for strikes on US soil.
Too bad there is little outrage at the actions of these Muslims.  Maybe we should put up a statue?   If there were any justice, they would all be buried in a pig sty.
I'm afraid of a religion that, in countless Islamic countries, is rounding up gay people and imprisoning and murdering them. Does that make me Islamophobic? Or does it make me a rational liberal?
I'm waiting for the SCOTUS to review the case of where a gay couple or Jewish couple go into a Muslim bakery and get refused a wedding cake. So far, no one has been suicidal enough to try.
When somebody writes ALL terrorists are Muslims, that doesn't allow for exceptions, does it? All means ALL. Add Dylan Roof to the list, and Adam Lanza, Dylan Klebold, Eric Harris...  Are people who bomb abortion clinics terrorists?
Would it not be TOLERANT of Muslims...etc.?
"Radicals" = snakes, "peaceful muslims" = grass
Looks like Assad and the Rusians know how to deal muslim terrorists
Six Quebec Muslims died due to anti-Muslim attitudes. That is why anti-Muslim rhetoric needs to be addressed.  People actually die from prejudice, and Kellie Leitch, Donald Trump and their enablers are part of the problem. They and countless others poison the minds of those who do not know any better.
Egypt cannot have a Muslim leader either as we have recently witnessed. Coup detat.
When Muslims slaughter Europeans, we are expected to accept it with grace, patience and understanding. Tell them to do the same and stop a taqiyya that they are so much more special than we are.  Where is the Globe's coverage of the Muslim from Canada who tried to kill an American security guard in Flint Michigan? Is he disposable because he is not Muslim?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTDvh5IiPPo So many of the protesters are not the stereotypical white Anglo Saxon racists, as is always the implication of such stories, but immigrants from eastern countries, Hindus, Buddhists and various brown skinned people who know first hand what living amongst Muslims is all about. Many are in Canada precisely because Muslim violent aggressions drove them out of their homelands.
Because Greenblatt's stunt of registering as a Muslim is based on the mistaken notion that efforts to curb  domestic terrorism by Muslim extremists is rooted in nothing but bigotry.  By trying to condemn LE's efforts to stop terrorism, he puts a principal targets of these terrorists - - Jewish people -- at greater risk.
" As someone pointed out earlier, ISIS and radical islamic terrorism is a cancer on society." Got it, I-Therefore.  But, I'm still wondering: what effect do "fringe white supremacists" have "on society"?    Awaiting your reply. Thanks.
Regressive-Leftists are out in force I see.  ISIS claimed responsibility. ISIS are the invading imperialist, colonialist Islamists in Syria and Iraq. They killed tens-of-thousands of Muslims to take-over Syria. It's a joke if ISIS is blaming British colonialism. Even more ridiculous from our own commentators.
Doug Chin is such a stupid little a_ s-kissing g _ _ k. What fools he and Gov. Ige are. Two democratic stooges who kowtow to the democratic establishment entrenched in Washington every chance they get. Chin and Ige make Hawaii look like a third-world backwater. They are fighting to protect the rights of Muslims (who are not US citizens) from countries who Hate America and everything it represents. Who needs enemies when you have the liberal democrats destroying America from within. Idiots all of them. Where are they when it comes to protecting the rights of indigenous Hawaiians? Oh that's right, Hawaiians have no political clout or power.
Justin Trudeau used the same vile phrase "snitch lines" as Elgazaar, the leader of the National Council of Canadian Muslims, to describe the Conservative proposal for hotlines for "so-called" barbaric cultural practices in the 2015 election campaign. So it seems that our PM and the head of the National Council of Canadian Muslims are joined at the hip, a veritable two-headed monster. If a frightened Muslim girl is afraid her dad is about to make her the next victim of an honour killing, and tries to contact authorities then she is a "snitch" and the object of contempt. It is her bloody-minded father who deserves our sympathy for raising a snitch as a daughter. This, it turns out, is what "sunny ways" is all about. This, and incredible lies about the Conservatives campaigning on headscarf bans in 2015. Trudeau should resign now. He is a disgrace to the nation and should not carry on as PM or as an MP.
More inane drivel from lefty fascists, who can only denigrate Donald Trump and his supports. "His supporters believe this dishonest man . . . will torture for them." Huh? Yet the RG editors allow this sort of rot. Hillary Clinton is your compulsive liar, who has broken numerous federal statutes. Removing classified material is a felony, and that's for starters. Mrs. Clinton has said "She doesn't remember," and gets to skate because of a corrupt federal government. Hillary Clinton also lied to the families of those who were killed in Benghazi, including a US Ambassador. Clinton and the administration knew it was an organized Al-Qaeda attack (on September 11, 2012! Imagine that!) but claimed to America and the families some obscure YouTube video triggered angry Muslims. The Middle East is aflame today because of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, threatening the security of the US and our allies.  Yet all crybaby leftists can do is blubber what a big meanie Donald Trump is.
This will change nothing.   Islamic warriors from one side will join Islamic warriors on the other, and fight against another Islamic state , who has a grudge against a particular  Islamic leader who is trying to exterminate an Islamic  sect  because they are on land they got from an Islamic potentate 200 year ago.  But they all agree that because of the Crusaders in the 12th century, the French are guilty.
Anti-Muslim hate?  Hmm.... I used to support Islam back in the 80s when it was popular to demonize it for abusive attitudes toward women.  I thought that westerners lacked cultural understanding of Islam.  However after many recent years of Islamic terrorists murdering thousands of innocent people I no longer support Islam.  Islamic terrorism is a daily event (Russia is soup-de-jour today, I believe).  There are many countries with large Muslim minorities like France (how has that been working for you lately?).  There are Muslim countries like Turkey (which nightclub do you want to celebrate New Year's Eve in?).  I think Islam is a blight.   I think that Islam is a stupid and barbaric religion forever frozen in 7th century violence.  If I said this in a Muslim country I would be murdered.  If I said this in a European country my life would be in danger.  I believe that in Canada I can still safely say what I think,.... but for how long?
A Christian kid, a Muslim kid and an atheist kid are all sitting in the Principle's office for fighting. What's the Jewish kid say when he walks in?  "Hey, is that a quarter on the floor."
Keyboard lefty on another anti- American rant.  Hey lefty, put this in your meth pipe and smoke it:  Liberal checklist: Let the criminals out. Let illegals in. Mainstream media 100% gospel. Let boys in the girls bathrooms. Condemn police officers. Don't care about the veterans. Eradicate history if offensive. Believe Healthcare is a Constitutional right. Kill the unborn-Stomp on and burn the American flag. Accept barbarity in the name of Islam- hugs,love and no borders will stop terrorism. Protect the Sanctuary cities. Black lives only matter. Coddle the lazy. Encourage hate crimes.  Call for the assassination of our president, talk of overthrowing our government. Burn businesses, attack innocent bystanders, destroy City property, call for, and try to incite a civil war. Refuse freedom of speech on others, while demanding their own political and government obstructionists.
Why bother any more with democracy in the Middle East.  Been there, tried that in Iraq.  Not in the Muslim gene make up.  They like theocracy and tyrants.
There are about 100 verses in the Qur'an, the holy book of the religion of Islam, that call for the destruction of Jews, Christians and non believers (infidels).  There are dozens of groups of Muslims, including Hamas, Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad, the Taliban, al Qaeda, al Shabaab,  Boko Haram, Abu Sayyaf,  Daesh (ISIS/IL), etc. etc. etc., that follow Islam and the many verses in the Qur'an that call for the destruction of Jews, Christians and non believers.  I hope Wente and the Muslims in Canada think Muslims who follow the violent verses in the Qur'an have no place in Canada.
Go ahead and keep letting muslim animals in and the Alaskan people will take them out if they start anything. No islam in public schools! People dont want them here because of their heretical beliefs that are violent and dispicable!  ONE honor killing in Alaska and they ALL go! ONE case of fgm and they ALL go! ONE terrorist act and they all die! The Alaskan people have spoken!
Charles makes a point, although it leans a bit more to the extreme about the sport killing of ISIS Muslims throwing gays off the roof. Why hold one religion to a different set of standards than another? The Muslim bakers did indeed discriminate and if you look all around everyone discriminates in some way, you discriminate everyday in some form of mannerism with the choices that you make even though you may not realize it. Sometimes you just got to let things slide by instead of trying to control and judge everything that comes up because you can't fight every injustice that occurs. So why is it ok for Muslims to discriminate and no one bats and eye, it barely makes headlines on B listed news sites but when a Christian does it, it becomes a national event just because someone you don't know was slighted and is it really a big deal that someone said "Hey, can you do this for us?" and the dude replied "No."
