I am sure this is not simply a black and white story.  Has anyone asked all the people taken how their lives turned out?
John Doyle is correct.  Put another way, Trump, the otherwise disparate factions of the GOP & the elements of the US electorate that support Trump & the GOP by & large & with a few honourable exceptions are in today's social context making a last stand in support of a reactionary & toxic social conservative parody of the 1950s mindset.  Arguably, to "make America great again" is a cri de coeur of an anxious, frustrated & angry older white American element that feel lost, left behind, exploited & disregarded by a whole range of current, rapidly evolving social, technological, economic and political trends.
MO imagines what she thinks must be true for all men and all women and then criticizes that view.  It's utter nonsense.   To see my point, just substitute the words "white" and "black" for males and females.
It just seems that the White Nationalists / Alt-right / Christian Nationalists / American Theocrats, call them what you will and lump them together as you wish, are essentially medieval in their outlook (and my saying that does a disservice to the culturally rich, cosmopolitan Middle Ages).   They'd like to roll the West back culturally to some imagined pure form circa perhaps 1200 AD (plus or minus the Protestant Reformation some centuries later, which the Evangelicals among them presumably would like to continue to enjoy, despite its unleashing of  individualism and, eventually, liberalism).  In this outlook, these Western Chauvinists (more accurately, Chauvinsts-simpliciter) - modern Tertullians they are - seem to resemble the fanatical idol-and-art-and-freedom destroying Wahhabist-types they profess to detest and from whom they claim that Western 'civilization' (whatever stunted idea of society that may mean to them) needs to be saved.
You are curious enough to ask publicly one's race and gender, but are against asking one's nationality?  You cannot ask one's race, gender, ethnicity, national origin, religion, etc.  It goes against inclusiveness and the essence of the sanctuary mindset.  Separating the wheat from the chaff is exactly what you are doing when you pigeon hole white people.  Racism is color blind, nobody owns the term or acts stemming from it.
Things that actually disrespect the country: -Comparing our Intelligence agencies to nazis -Calling the free press "enemies of the people" -Often praising murderous and authoritarian dictators -Supporting white supremacy and bigotry and racism -Undermining an entire branch of govt -Bragging about sexual assault -Falsely accusing former POTUS of a felony -Colluding with an enemy foreign power -Using the presidency to enrich oneself -Promoting nepotism -Undermining democratic principles & institutions -Dodging the draft & belittling POWs -Lying to the public EVERYDAY -Hinting at violence against politcal opponents and 1000 other things.
Nonsense.  I'm a white person. Since I'm not a "white nationalist," anti-Semite, KKK, or neo-Nazi, there was no tirade against me. If you are one of those, the tirades are aimed, justly, at you.   Don't think for a moment you represent or speak for more than a tiny fraction of any people in this country. I think you will increasingly discover this over the coming days and weeks.
Mysterbee - by your black and white reasoning, Trump should have lost the election.  You have a lot to learn about American politics and the American people, and I doubt you are able to.
Maybe he did or he didn't. What about the riots after Michael Brown from BLM? What about the riots and issues in Baltimore from BLM?  I personally went to a SeaHawks game in Seattle when there was a "Peaceful" protest by BLM at the stadium. It involved people screaming and yelling in my face calling me a racist because I was white. This was as I carried my 6 month old through the crowd trying nothing more than to watch a two teams (who we mostly african american) play a game.  The idea that Black Lives are under attack is preposterous. Where both shootings justified? Who knows and time will tell. If not, those officers will be brought to justice. However, BLM jumps to conclusions and resorts to violence to get their message heard and get in front of the media. NO black life has more value than a white life and visa versus. All lives matter. These same officers would have risked their lives to save a black person and they did this daily.
" Ask yourself, if we don't play world police (I don't like it any more than you do) then who Will? I'll tell you since this reality seems to escape many. China and/or Russia will and once they have a foothold as a world superpower with a rapid global mobilization ability that rivals ours, we will no longer have the influence that gives way to the lavish Western lifestyle." So you think Americans are so special that we should be able to use 25% of the world's energy and have more than 50% of the world's prison populationIs because we are white or smarter than the rest, or more dear to Jesus's heart and God's love? The military brainwashes  their recruits, to make them feel like they deserve to be the most special people in the world and the others that we slaughter mercilessly just don't rate. Gulf of Tonkin never happened but we went to war over it. Pearl Harbor  was a way to get our country into the war. The movie Pearl Harbor had a newsman asking why all the radar was off-line. 911?
Unless you are intimately plugged into alt-right and white supremacist groups, your comment that  "Trump's angry, racist remarks ... have emboldened the alt-right and other white supremacist groups who now feel it's acceptable to attack anyone who doesn't meet their white, Christian American standards" is pure speculative projection.   Engaging in that speculative projection on what alt-right and racists feel is a choice, and it is your choice, as is the extra step of tying what they feel to Trump's remarks. I'm suggesting you gather some evidence before purporting to read the minds of people you apparently abhor, and likely know very little about.
Just a reminder that it was white voters that elected Barack Obama, twice.   There may be racists in our country, but our country is not racist, no matter how many times race pimps claim it to be.
Elagabalus, I think you have expressed more wisdom than can be found in taking your words at face value. Even if one is willing to concede mental neuroses ("white men with anger issues, money issues, issues with women, issues with gay people, race issues") as a characteristic of  mass killers, the fact remains they were not "diagnosed with mental health problems." In other words, psychological services in the US are nether designed nor capable of seeking out the neurotic who might pose a danger of becoming mass killers. Or again in other words, a societal decision to focus on mental defects as a strategy for preventing mass killings is doomed to failure.  Gun control, on the other hands, has been statistically proven to reduce mass gun horrors by the practices of other countries. Not only that, but exactly what kind of restrictions are required can be gleaned by examining details of the practices of other countries. The minimalist suggestions under consideration are insufficient.
A brown guy from the Middle East kills eight people in NYC and "leaders" are ready to close the borders. White guys kill dozens in Vegas, Texas and all kinds of other places and "leaders" say "God will comfort and guide us." As the fake president would say...SAD!
You are correct.  Trump's seriously flawed   character has been on display for all to see for decades.     Politics aside, his words and actions  reveal a person who seems to have little Christian charity or  empathy for others.    What is particularly disturbing is that   people of faith such as White Evangelicals and Catholics  overwhelmingly supported him.  .
I'm sure that in terms of a replacement for Mansbridge goes, given the mental state of the elite in Canada, it will be anybody but a white male. Obviously, that will just not happen.
Translation: I provided facts because I know my Faith better than you do (unsurprisingly), and you can't refute those facts, so you shriek and flail.  Been Muslim probably longer'n you've been alive.  The only people who have EVER threatened by children and grandchildren are white supremacist types, not Muslims.  Next!
Andddd yet again, another NCR poster saying that all who voted for Trump clearly did so because they sympathize not just with the "alt right," but with white supremacists.  Yes, I know Neko,  That is your opinion, it is MSW opinion, it is this Sister's opinion.  You are all of out of line.   Your views are wrong and highly insulting.
Most of the time, it seems people attacked for "being white" are really being attacked for having a work ethic, an education, and being successful.  More a resentment of economic class rather than a reaction to their complexion, per se.   :-/
i love this story - it is fascinating stuff and in no way black or white.     i see this study is published...excellent, just hope it's in layman's english.  probably lingo speak but there is always google.
For future reference, that's called 'deflection.'  Also a case of apples and oranges.  Probably not worth trying to explain the difference to you, but if you went into a dangerous part of town, you won't find any signs saying 'black only' on the facilities.  The difference of course is that in my example if you attempted to use a 'proscribed' facility you'd be arrested by a cop.  The discrimination was (or is) state-sponsored and enforced.  But if you want to whine about being discriminated against because you're white, don't let me stop you.  Whatever 'validates' you and makes you happy.
I think very many people have questioned her progressive credentials, including prominent progressives like Bart Dame. Do some of the people who oppose Tulsi do so strictly because she is not Christian? Sure. But the vast majority are concerned that the person who she has basically admitted to looking for her spiritual guidance, has preached things that are the very opposite of progressive ideals. How is that not a legitimate concern? If someone attends a christian church where the pastor preaches white supremacy, I would question their progressive credentials as well, especially when they clearly started their career off as a conservative. Add in all the shady political things Chris Butler has already done, and where there is smoke there is fire. Butler could be her financial adviser, and I would still have legitimate concerns about his influence over her. The type of religion is irrelevant. https://jacobinmag.com/2017/05/tulsi-gabbard-president-sanders-democratic-party
We need more immigrants. Canada's immigration numbers barely allow for an expanding population and replacements for retiring baby boomers in the work force. The face of Canada is changing and we have to accept that. It's a difficult issue for "traditional" Canadians of white European, Christian stock but we're fading fast and we'll be turning Canada over to the new reality.
Hello folks:   While everybody is trying to "one up" the other person, I would call your attention to the meat of Mr. Simmons essay, to wit: that his Mexican-American sons have felt the racism in Donald Trump's comments, comments coming from the putative Republican nominee for President. And that racisms adds to the hurt they had also previously been given to feel from common White American stereotypes of folks of Mexican heritage. I have two grand-daughers of Mexican-American heritage who have clearly Spanish family names who live on the Mainland. I only hope a pray that they have not felt a similar pain. In the comments section below this article I note that some readers try to dismiss Mr. Trump's bigotry, while others mention that the Hawai'i Republican Party has endorsed him for President. I say to the defenders of Donald Trump and to the bulk of the Hawai'i Republican Party; SHAME ! Your besmirch yourselves and our islands with your thoughtlessness. How can you look in a mirror?
As a white person. after reading comments on many FB pages it is pretty obvious that many white Americans are racists.  Yes, we have affirmative actio, etc., but only after long, hard struggles not because they were agreed to easily. Sad!!!!!!
Yes...   Had the passenger been white, this story would have still been here
That's not even remotely accurate. The sex crime rate in the villages is absolutely horrendous. Not just the frequency but the audacity of the perpetrator. I'm sure some of the sex crimes from the villages were committed by whites but the majority were not.  The last sex crime where victims were killed that I recall was Jerry Active. He managed to sexually assault 3 out of 4 generations living in the home in a single evening. I believe "Butcher Baker" from the 80's was white...  I'm not saying whites don't commit sex offenses, or even a sizable percentage. I'm just pointing out 99% is unrealistic and demonstrates a gross over-exaggeration.
I can say for sure that those young men were not white or asian.  They wore baggy jeans, tank tops and sported tatoos.  Their body language and actions immediately said "danger" to me.  It was like a "seconds count, and police are minutes away" situation.
Have you ever read any of the secession declarations? They are specific that they are seceding to maintain slavery. From two of the secession declarations at  http://avalon.law.yale.edu/subject_menus/csapage.asp  Mississippi: "Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery-- the greatest material interest of the world."  Texas: "That in this free government all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights; that the servitude of the African race, as existing in these States, is mutually beneficial to both bond and free, and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind, and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator, as recognized by all Christian nations; while the destruction of the existing relations between the two races, as advocated by our sectional enemies, would bring inevitable calamities upon both and desolation upon the fifteen slave-holding states."  No, the Confederacy was all about slavery
"The pollsters also asked whether respondents felt that Trump's campaign rhetoric appeals to bigotry. Well over half, 59 percent, said that it did. Even worse for Trump, a plurality of every demographic save Republicans felt that he appealed to bigotry, including majorities of independents, men, women, whites with or without college degrees, people aged 64 or younger and both whites and nonwhites. Among all whites, 54 percent felt that Trump appeals to bigotry (with 50 percent of white men agreeing). Among nonwhites, the figure was 72 percent. (With 29 percent of Republicans saying they think he appeals to bigotry and 84 percent supporting him, that means that at least 13 percent of Republicans both think he appeals to bigotry and plan to give him their vote.)"  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/08/25/a-new-poll-showing-hillary-clinton-up-10-gives-insight-into-why-donald-trumps-campaign-is-faltering/  Keep in mind, guys, that Quinnipiac polls traditionally skew right.
I mentioned the Military personnel I have contact with who happen not to agree with your views.  Did I state all of them were white males? Nice attempt to change the subject.  Should we leave the discussion to elderly  and middle aged  civilians that have no clue what daily life in a combat situation actually entails?  How dare the actual people who are affected have any say in their future.
This is absolutely insane.  This could actually hurt the environment as it would encourage lower density housing, more suburban sprawl as people will seek to build outside of Denver, it would encourage old lower-insulation roofs to not be replaced and that's just the tip of the iceberg.      This also looks like a racist Jim Crow Law.  This benefits the rich white elites and corporations who can afford this and drive out the middle class and poor.  Severe effects on housing affordability will be seen.  As for benefiting corporations, big corporations like King Soopers will be able to afford green roofs but the small independent natural grocers will further be hammered. If you're concerned about "income inequality" this is exactly the kind of study that exacerbates it.
I can't believe the Globe and Mail used the term "reverse racism". There is no such thing as "reverse racism". Racism is racism, whether it is directed at white people, or people of colour.
American elected the draft dodger Trump.  Considering white males made up most of his supporters who also dodged the draft!  Like minded groups stick together with often immoral consequences
The easy thing would be to get rid of the constitution, we could go back to the times when black folks were all slaves, any white guy could kill any native American or steal his land rape his wife, mother or daughter, outlaw all but the original religious sect, this seems to be what I am hearing here. Maybe trump isn't the only one that needs to borrow Mr. Kans copy of the constitution.
I agree that terrorists can strike anywhere, but I don't think open borders in the past or present are the cause, especially since we seem to have our own terrorists, such as the white supremacists, some of whom claim to be Christians, and have families that go back for generations in the US. It's possible that many of these terrorists use religion, any one that suits their needs, as a convenient excuse for releasing their anger, frustration, and hatred. If we focus too narrowly on Muslim terrorists, we may never find the real criminals, the people who are willing to kill children, then blame it on god, or anything else that suits their purpose.
But that's the point. The rest of the world has its own ethnic and cultural conflicts, which are often brought here, but that gets pooh-poohed in the drive to uniquely demonize "whites" and create an artificial conflict between "brown" and "white" peoples.  Asia has a long history of conquests and cultural imperialism and the resulting cultural sensitivities, it isn't something unique to "white western supremacy, colonialism and imperialism".  China, Japan, Vietnam, Korea, etc. all vied for supremacy in the region long before "the West" came upon the horizon, and that has left its own traces of animosity and resentment on those cultures.
If "white spite" is the reason that Democrats thinks Republicans are winning elections, Democrats are in for a world of hurt in future elections.  Democrats are under the mistaken impression that Republicans are uneducated hillbillies whose decision-making abilities are limited to black and white, literally.  This Ivy League grad with a law degree and his Republican friends of equal education and reasoning ability beg to differ with this naive perspective.  Here's a clue:  Hillary is white.
Shame on this so called "journalist" for not doing her research. I am writing as a friend and tour manager of the band Slutvomit. I am a Hispanic and Native American woman. I would never tour with or support a white nationalist band.  There is absolutely no truth to these allegations of the band being racist. This aforementioned show was a benefit event for a friend who passed away and during the auction to raise money for his family, a neutral comment was made about the band Burzum (Varg Vikernes is known white supremacist) and any jokes that were misinterpreted came from the audience. The venue did not kick out any bands, we left willingly after the show. I was standing among many other friends of varying racial backgrounds, including people of African American descent who were all there to support Slutvomit and their deceased friend. Irresponsible witch-hunt journalism is defamation of character and it should be know that it can negatively impact the lives of innocent people.
Yes, the team is very white and male. And that's so typical of the liberal elites in Canadian public life. It's invariably a case of "do as I say, not as I do." They're quite happy to implement race- and gender-based hiring for the lower levels -- but not when/where it threatens their job or their area of privilege. It's the same with the great green religion. Highly-paid executives, celebrities and professors talk up a storm about the virtues of "sustainable development" and the evils of "climate change," but they still live the high-carbon lifestyle themselves ... jetting around the world and enjoying multiple energy-swilling homes. Hypocrisy on these issues is rife among Canada's self-righteous chattering classes. And honesty and logic get throw out the window. It's very sad.
There is only one race. The human race, composed of different ethnic backgrounds. Racism is an artifical concept originating during LBJ's years. To use your words, Whites have lost political power, along with that goes racism and interracial marriages. It's only interracial when it's "White" and a person of color. Trump Marrying Melania or any other European is not an interracial marriage. So their problem will correct it's self in 2024 and eventually fade out when the Latinos are the majority population in this country,
Blacks aren't murdered disproportionately to their % of the population out of sheer chance. Nearly all blacks are murdered by other blacks (not whites and not police). For some reason, that fact was omitted from the editorial. If you're going to go on about there 2 Americas, which is nonsense given differences in geography and class within each race, but if you're going to do that, then you have to point out that blacks also live in an America where they kill each other at high rates. It has nothing to do with whites or "racism." Any long term solution has to focus on the #1 factor contributing to all of this the illegitimacy rate among blacks is over 70% - much higher than any other racial group. That strongly correlates to much higher rates of crime, domestic violence, drug/alcohol abuse, unemployment, lower income, school drop out rates, and a host of other problems.
Who's racist and sexist?  What about these facts indicating "race based aggression"?   Black women constitute only about 13% of the female population (age 15-44) in the United States, but underwent approximately 36% of the abortions. Black women are more than 5 times as likely as white women to have an abortion.   It has been estimated that since 1973 Black women have had about 16 million abortions. Michael Novak had calculated "Since the number of current living Blacks (in the U.S.) is 36 million, the missing 16 million represents an enormous loss, for without abortion, America's Black community would now number 52 million persons. It would be 36 percent larger than it is. Abortion has swept through the Black community like a scythe, cutting down every fourth member."  In 2012, there were more black babies killed by abortion (31,328) in New York City than were born there (24,758), and the black children killed comprised 42.4% of the total number of abortions.
Or political controversy.   That's especially true of Judge Gorsuch since the Episcopalian Church allows birth control and isn't vehemently anti abortion.  They are however, prolife in the broader sense.  VP Pence has done quite well politically by becoming an Evangelical in a state where black and white theology brings rural votes.
President Trump is not mentioned in the article so I don't see your point. OJ was acquitted of murdering his wife and Ron Goldman because he had the money and power to hire a crack legal team. The driver of justice in America is money, in many cases, but we still have a very good system of justice. However, there is still a racial divide in the U.S. based on the historical privilege of white males(and yes I am a white male).  Kizla is just pointing out the reality of this divide.
PS: Good comment about your stepfather's use of the ****word.  I know many people, some in my extended family, who describe anyone 'not white' with a slang term. Even those who have cleaned up their language will still make statements like 'Well, you know how (lazy, shifty, ignorant...) (insert label) are.  Those people don't believe they are bigoted, but they firmly 'know' things about others based on race.  Many of them use that same attitude with 'liberals', 'conservatives' and 'wimmin'.
I't s somewhat satisfying to see this new crop of liberal activists rushing to the library or more likely Wikipedia to dig up all the racist origins of our country.  History is important.  Perhaps Mr. White or Mr. Kaepernick should  consider ditching those pieces of paper withportraits of racist slave-owning white men on them, otherwise known as money and really show their dedication to their beliefs.  Mr. Kaepernick could even choose not to wear his 49ers uniform since we all know 49ers were just opportunistic exploiters of land taken from a weaker country by force.  That would be truly impressive
They gave the stats on everyone but the large group of natives. They are a large part of our demographics. You are one of those who are afraid of hearing the negative truth I guess. If this liberal paper is going to single out people by race lets cover them all and be fair and equal. Maybe they focus on the White women because White working people are who came out of the woodwork to vote Trump in?
My name is not Charles and I am not black. I'm white. If your mother is anything like you JimJohnson she's not very perspicacious.
When you're a partisan like Glenn, all information must be filtered through the political partisan lens.  The entire world is constructed within this framework, kinda like how feminists see everything in terms of gender.  Even science, some feminists claim, is "patriarchal" and "masculine."  The reason they say crazy things like that is because they really do see the world in those terms.  If Tulsi agrees with Trump on some particular issue, that makes them best friends, because the world is black and white in the mind of a partisan.
Isn't it possible that throughout history, old white men were in positions of power and used those positions to keep power within their demographic? And that has changed slowly, starting with the civil war, then the civil rights and women's rights movements, all the way thru Obama being elected? Is that some sort of fringe historical narrative? Would Obama have been elected if he ran in 1970? I'd say no. While simple demographics are part of the fuel for change, I would say minorities and natives demands have also played a role, as well as the the establishment owning up to some of its past sins (the Rooney rule, the apology for the overthrow, etc).
I would love to see any of the snow white liberal Oregon leftists go drive around Compton, CA talking about racism. They would be car jacked in minutes. Funny how they have so much to say while living in a 99% white city like Eugene.
Il Duce Trump Cabinet list:  Attorney General-Rudy Giuliani; Chris Christie.  State-Newt Gringich.  Treasury-Carl Icahn. Agriculture-Sid Miller, Rick Perry. Interior-Sarah Palin, Mary FAllin, Jan Brewer.  Commerce-Dan DiMicco, Lewis Eisenberg, Ray Washburne.  Education-Ben Carson.  Homeland Security-Christie, Sessions, Sheriff Clarke.  Energy-HaroldHamm.  Health, Human Services-Ben Carson, Rick Scott, Newt Gingrich, Bobby Jindal.  A Cabal of old boated white guys, brain dead women, religious fanatics, and all limousine riders on the government dole for most of their lives.  Nary a one of the best and brightest available in the nation.  Bailed out financial thieves; Criminally corrupt governors and their administrations; failed/quit governors; tax scofflaws.  The largest group of thieves to ever invade the government of the U.S.  Bend over and take it or stand up and fight.
The Proud Boys saluting the superiority of Western Culture should be of the outmost importance to women.  Nowhere on Earth are women better treated than in Europe, Canada and the US, thanks to all those colonializing white men who created rule of law, and the most democratic, equal societies on Earth.   No, our countries are not perfect, and yes, women and men, and people of all races are still subject to cruelty, intolerance, and violence.   What is frustrating is being condemned like we are the worst societies, when we are, by far, the best, and then being insulted when we point that out.
So you're saying that Trump offered a stable middle class and Clinton didn't? Where do you get that?  What Trump offered is white supremacy, a return to a white "ideal" pre-civil rights fantasy land and the ever-present lie that a vote for him will make you rich. Nothing really new to see.
“The only people giving the platform to these hate groups is the media itself.”  Says Donald J Trump, the guy who amplifies the neo-Nazi, KKK, and Confederate white supremacist "heritage and culture" propaganda and the guy who has repeatedly retweeted white nationalists.
Neko, math is not your field.  You've confused two numbers:  1)  the number of white votes cast for Obama vs the white votes cast for his opponent, and 2) the percentage of votes for Obama that were white.  I made a statement regarding #2.  You made a statement regarding #1.  #1 doesn't refute #2, therefore you have no basis for saying "False."  In fact, all you proved was your inability to reason with even low-order math statements.
North American is not Protestant, for one. Canada, North America, is primarily a Catholic, secular country, majority-wise. Protestantism has always been a minority there. Today, less than 27% of Canada is Protestant. (Catholics are 38%, with non affiliates and non-Christians fleshing out the religious and non-religious categories left). And two, maybe in the past the US's majority Protestant population outperformed L. America (especially after the Monroe Doctrine, which crippled many of the new Latin American republics, and the Mexican War of American "imperial conquest," which cut Mexico in half so that white racists could expand slavery to the Pacific), but today that is not so. The US is only 46% Protestant, and countries like Chile and Argentina are doing quite well as they watch the "remnants" of  Protestant America come to terms with their imperial, racist past - the most obvious example being the EC's decision to remove stained glass windows of Robert E. Lee from their churches.
The solution is simple and the same for all. Control your fertility and get and education. As for health care, no health care provider is interested in moving their families to some place 100's of miles from a major center. Thus, anyone would only be able to get very basic services at best.   There is nothing bias in this it is the same for anyone white, black, native living up there and always will be. So as JeffSpooner said just by dent of location there is going to be a large gap
Gladys, I moved to Oregon in 1975, having lived in West Covina, La Puente and Los Angeles from age 4 to 13. I moved in the summer after 7th grade, and started in the 8th grade ant Thurston Jr. High.   I did speak from experience.   I've never treated anyone based on the color of their skin.  I remember going to Atlanta Georgia in 1980 and seeing all black people doing all the fast food work and always one white manager.  I couldn't believe such a thing could exist.  Being in Oregon, we are fairly shielded from the institutionalized racism from years gone by.  I have met a few people who were rabid racists. Also a mouth dropping event.  I also see the news and I don't like what I see when it comes to blacks and cops.   While I note there are more crimes by blacks proportionately, it is still evident that there exist harassment against blacks specifically because they are black, by white law enforcement.  It's not everywhere, though, but it is endemic in many areas.  I am against racism.
Lots of reactionaries posting here today. Hard to tell if they have anything constructive to say since they come off as ranting old white people rather than making calm, reasoned comments.
Equestrian. Letting people know you're from a rich, privileged, and white family since....always? This is not talented. This is not an accomplishment. This "leader" has never and will never experience hardship in their life. The only thing this kid knows about horse riding, or anything for that matter, is that daddy and mommy will funnel every dollar they can into whatever she does to ensure she has no clue what reality is. South high? Check. Horse ownership? Check. Privilege? Check. Isolated from anything that isn't at least middle class, homogenized, and extremely white? Check. Check. CHECK.   A leader is forged through, courage, honor, strength, and much, much, much adversity. The only thing this kid, along with every other kid like her know about adversity is presumably how to spell it.   Let's write about the kids that are successful in spite of coming from nothing. The kids that go to the schools that aren't entirely white. The schools where adversity is the daily struggle.
"who believe in white supremacy"  This is pure slander.
Define "left wing racists".  From all past comments you really mean anyone commenting against white racists or more aptly White Supremacy.
And the white supremacists know it rings hollow. I don't like Cory Gardner's political views, but look how he's been begging the president to respond.
What does Vehementer Nos have to do with Latinos, and colonization?  It was written by Pius X about the political situation in France in 1906.   In other words, it was an encyclical explicitly directed toward white European Catholics.  Pius X was hard on everyone, and that very much included priests.   We may not like his style, but if you look at the obedience he required from priests, you'll see that he demanded everyone, laity and cleric, live lives based on strict obedience to the church's authority.
White monopoly capital serves as a terrific distraction for the looters. JZ rolled it out again yesterday as the strategic enemy of the ANC. That is exactly the the kind of ideology that has got us to where we are. We allowed space for a lunatic cancer to fester.   It has created the impression and justification amongst the poor and the ANC sycophants that destroying all white business in SA is a revolutionary act that will bring with it economic freedom. As Mcebesi Jonas said this week, this is pure economic illiteracy.   Ofcourse, this strategy serves to divert anger from state capture to other people, all whilst Gigaba screams for invester confidence and FDI. No sane white industrialist will invest in SA now, and most are disinvesting and taking with them jobs, intellectual capital and income tax. That is the first lesson for our lunatics: real capital has options...... and there are far more welcoming and attractive places to consider than current SA.
FN abusing FN. I cant wait to see how they blame this one the white guy
"Teresa Shook, the Hana, Maui, woman whose Facebook posting ignited the Women’s March movement says, “It probably would have been politics as usual if Hillary Clinton had been elected." No need to go further than this statement to understand one of the factors which played against Hillary Clinton. There were enough women who believed revolution was the province of two old white guys.
Just shows that voter suppression works.  Be proud of your suppression efforts.  Minorities should not be allowed to vote.  Only old white men.  Enjoy it while you can.  It won't last as republicans always over reach and never do anything constructive.  It is getting harder and harder to afford their wasteful spending habits though.  I enjoy the republican accomplishments.   (Nothing to date)
you little censor hungry peasants working for minimum wage over there must be on cloud 9 whenever your masters print one of these boring wannabe sensationalist muslim stories. I want to see you continue to do that: keep simple and small, keep running to mommy and daddy to shelter your precious fragile minds. it bemuses beyond your comprehension - how wantonly self destructive you are. go ahead, invite daddy under the covers there with you, i know you can keep the secret - go ahead and have no other sexual experience until you are gifted to the old hairy bozo down at the used car dealership, enjoy that old world misogyny while you trumpet the open society and tolerance. and you know what? when the war DOES happen, i wont return your pettiness and scorn in kind - i, the big, strong, intelligent, successful white man, WILL rescue you, like i always have. im bigger than you, its just that simple. now go ahead and continue playing in your little mind control sand box. i do consent
White supremacist monuments belong in museums, not smack dab in the center of public spaces. Their presence in such places shows that white supremacism remains a kind of baseline in American life.   Persistent white supremacism may seem like an anachronism, but it simply testifies to the historical and social illiteracy of the American right in particular and the population in general, including Mr. Jordan here  For instance, Lee's racism would not have disqualified him for command of federal forces in 1861 because white supremacism was the law of the land in the US for over 100 years after that, north and south. Even the abolitionist movement was infected with white supremacism: read Frederick Douglass' "My Bondage and My Freedom".   Likewise, the idea of black emigration was embraced by many black leaders, well into the 20th century, see Martin Delany and Marcus Garvey. Harriet Beecher Stowe herself was both: arguably a bigot and a proponent of emigration.
Who gave them the right to do that since the country was founded, advanced, built, made a world power, by white folk mainly with some help from "assimilated" races.  Please don't give me the old blolewey about Natives and Blacks as we all fought world wars together and won.  And yes, Owe-bama did ONLY look out for his people and no one else, that is for sure!
Whenever did the word "ethnic minority" turn into "white nationalist"?  I'm sure the only Canadians that can understand the history are the Québécois. Too bad Canadians are so egocentric and don't understand that there is a Southern culture of those descended from the original colonists ranging from Virginia to the Carolinas and Louisiana. It's like the ethnic minorities of Quebec or Europe. US is not a monolithic Culture of "whites". It consists of multiple cultures, like in Europe , who trace their traditions to different regions and times. Condescending Canadians need to learn US history.
And so the "White monopoly capital" fake news propaganda brigade nabs another unsuspecting mind.
The RCMP solve Indigenous murdered women cases more than non-Indigenous women because they often have less forensic data and witnesses. The FN Chiefs already know the answers they are looking for but refuse to accept that Indigenous men are the culprits. (R1) In 2015, Bernice Martial was released all data confirming murders. The Chiefs were told and I quote, "deaths and disappearances came down to a lack of respect among aboriginal men on reserves for aboriginal women, and urged chiefs and councils to take action."  (R2) FN citizens must also overcome their own bigotry and prejudice when expressed ideas they disagree with. Wabano-Iahtail elder, Sophie McKeown called the CBC's Julie Van Dusen a disrespectful white woman and said, “no,” stop, and to “not speak to us” that way. “We don’t want you here. Can you please leave? Step out. You have no right.”   As another Chief stated and I quote, "I want to blame the white man'.
This Russia stuff is all a charade to distract and entertain the masses from the important matters of their lives - endless wars eating up trillions of dollars, economic insecurity, political dysfunction, and particularly, corporate control of governments.    If there was any substantial difference between Trump and the feckless Democrats, the media would be full of columns explaining how Democrats would change things in 2020 if they won the White House.    But why risk being criticized and disbelieved by a very untrusting public, when the Dems and their media friends can spend all their time and ink trashing Trump?    Politics is more of a scam than ever.
Get over it Clinton Cheerleaders. Broom Hildary and Bubba Bill are never going to be President and a shadow president.  On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States.  President Obama will resume race hustling to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat plantation as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,
The author ignores the fact that Mandela was a terrorist bomber whose bombs killed many innocent South Africans both black and white.  Stop with he was a great man, he wasn't any better than the IRA
Typical socialists trying to convince people black is white.  Rent controls will reduce the supply.  Proven time and time again.  Yet the unwashed living paycheck to paycheck can't figure it out.  In a few years there won't be any place to live and they will have went from a bad situation to a terrible one.
The Spanish conquered vast swaths of land in the western US, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America. They Christianized the Indians and mixed with them, and in the 1800's those mixed raced folks fought for their independence from Spain and formed Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Belize, Cuba, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Colombia, Peru, Chile, Panama, Brazil, Costa Rica, Paraguay, Uruguay, Ecuador, and Venezuela. There are roughly 583 million indian/mixed Indian people in the americas, in comparison to a white (non-Latino) population of 190 million. The white population has been on a swift decline of over 10% per decade, leading me to believe that non-Latino whites will become a minority and mixed race indians will become the majority in the US by 2030. The term Latino does not accurately depict race, it's a term that depicts ethnicity of mostly mixed race indians from south of the US border.
Old Soul:  And what are the changes that have taken place since the end of apartheid?  The Economy? Crime? Attacks on Whites? Pleeease, educate us. Colonialism was bad in many ways...BUT...it is a Fact that wherever Colonialism was in the World after it was ended, most of the countries under it's tutelage fell back into Violent Tribalism.
Time will tell if the increased growth of the economy will translate to more jobs for Blacks, Hispanics, other minorities and poor whites. Under the current administration, all people will have more opportunity to advance, if the agenda outlined by the President is enacted. On the other hand, Blacks must address some important social issues within their own communities if they are to take advantage of Trump's policies. For example, in 2013 the out of wedlock birthrate among Blacks was estimated at approx. 72%, whereas for Asians and Pacific Islanders it was 17%. Unfortunately you have people like Al Sharpton who in the past has stated, "The last time I checked it's not illegal to get pregnant" (on national TV, so please don't ask for a reference); I haven't got time for this). Anyway, I can't recall the last time the out of wedlock birthrate issue was discussed among Black politicians. Maybe all the elite pro athletes should ban together to promote family values. Is that  good idea?
Omar Mateen committed the Orlando LGBT Pulse Dance Club massacre (killing 49 and wounding 50 more) while shouting Allahu Akbar, yet you still managed to blame Trump, white conservatives, and the NRA. Even in the face of overt Islamic terrorism, you find a way to not see it. This narrative and all future episodes will all have the same plot,
Why is it now considered not only OK, but praiseworthy to discriminate against white people?  Teaching in schools, "white people bad - coloured people victims" is now OK?  Anyone remember a teacher in Alberta named Jim Keegstra?  He was pilloried, (rightly so,) for promoting bias and discrimination in his classroom.  Why is it supposedly OK now - as long as the targets are white people and preferably older white males?    This teacher should be fired.
Kelly et all republican legislatures are white America's version of Taliban.
People can't just get along with their lives. Every day he does things to hurt people.   If you're transgender and in the military, he's trying to ruin your life.  If you were brought to this country as a child, he's trying to deport you.  If you're afraid of police brutality, he's arming the police to terrorize you even more. If you need medical care, he's taking away your health coverage. If you care about democracy in America, he's trying to consolidate power to himself and his unelected family. If you are afraid of nuclear war, he's threatening to start one with North Korea every other day. If you care about your right to vote, he's setting up a commission designed to suppress votes, and conspiring with a foreign government to influence our elections. If you are concerned about white supremacists, he tells you they are "very fine people." If you're concerned about sexual assault, he tells you he can grab you buy the pussy and get away with it.  A real American would fight back.
"the vast majority of Trump voters are white, fact."  Newsflash for Charles - the vast majority of Obama voters are white as well.
I don't disagree with any of that, but since we're picking nits, this part isn't exactly accurate: "Statistically if you are white you are most likely to be murdered by a white person."  Statistically, I'm most likely not going to be murdered at all.  I'm far more likely to die from sitting in this chair all day making comments on the internet and not getting enough exercise.
Seems to me that your nation's urge for change responded to pandering as if it was leadership. Not always an easy distinction, but the length of the campaign should suredly have evaporated any confusion. Listening to the people and hearing their needs and helping them resolve them is leadership; listening for your personal agenda and manipulating, evoking, exacerbating them to one's selfish benefit is pandering. That's what you got. Discerning the difference, as to the white Evangelical and Catholic seems fairly easy: are you willing to ignore demonstrated unsuitability over an extremely wide spectrum of despicability for the sake of one issue, held with clear duplicity by the panderer, that is self-defined, by the adherents, in a narrow, rote manner that is in fact held with sanctimonious extreme emotion. It is one thing to work with a decent person to find a way; another to cede one's principle in trust to a panderer. It's akin to asking the serial killer to hold your gun for you.
Unbelievable. There was not only pain, but injuries resulting from forced splits. Sort of sounds like torture, no?  Some people would be enraged if we did this to terrorists. Was this only done to white girls? The picture only shows a white girl being held down by black girls, and the coach is also black. Imaging if the tables were turned! This would be all over the national news, and people would be protesting, rioting, and looting their own neighborhoods.
I'm getting tired of the progressive whining over white male entitlement.  Hilary had her sense of entitlement too (and many warts, but I wish she won).  Trump didn't elect himself, by himself (although he probably thinks he did).  O'Leary isn't Trump but at any rate you list only 3 of 14 Conservatives running for leadership as having divisive politics, so it can be avoided.  Progressives have to knock it off with their air of moral superiority - you can see the old Liberal party arrogance at work now - frankly, that's a turn off too (which makes it divisive too, no?).  I read this piece of advice somewhere (wish I could remember) - go into a quiet room, close your eyes and think of 3 reasons why Trump got elected.  If you can't, then you have no imagination.  I don't want a Trump-like PM in Canada either and if you put that much energy into a foreign election, maybe you will come up with some awesome means to improve our own country.  Good luck.
The Founding Fathers were Protestants, many of whom were heavily influenced by Deism and anxious to protect the fledgling republic from the carnage of the wars of religion in Europe. Hence the wall of separation between church and state. Political factions anxious to insinuate theology into the civic order fail to respect this fundamental principle of the republic. Trumpism, a white supremacist, ethno-nationalist movement, is not primarily concerned with church-state tensions except insofar as Christianity is a tribal marker for the Euro-American state envisioned by the racist architects of the alt right.  The USCCB is politicized and has been enmeshed with conservative politics for decades, and over 50% of Catholics voted for Trump. Therefore, despite the large minority of Catholics who wanted nothing to do with Trump's agenda, the church overall is in league with Trumpism.  I've never been as certain of what patriotism is as I am this moment.
I thought it was interesting when Obama lit the White House with rainbow colors.
Havana was also in the news yesterday.  There was film footage. . Both Cuba and Puerto Rico were hammered by the Irma-Maria hurricane one-two punch. . But, without help, Cuba picked itself up, and is back running again, and none of the international news services is saying anything more about hurricane damage in Cuba. (I checked, not a single story yesterday - NYT, CBC, BBC, RFI, DW, Al-Jazeera, NPR, PBS - nothing). . Meanwhile, in Puerto Rico, the richest country in the world is letting its citizens die. . Yesterday the White House has just discovered that Puerto Rico "Is an island.  Surrounded by water.  Big Water. The Ocean." . We are told the response is "Incredible". . Well, that's one word for it. . . . Puerto Rico is full of people who are poor, Hispanic and non-white. . If Puerto Rico were full of old white evangelical Christian Republican men, would the mayor of San Juan be begging for help? . Maybe she should have asked Havana for help, not Washington.
There is a story that never gets told in school. Well done "temp". Many "privileged" white males actually WORKED, SUFFERED, BLED, and BUILT much of what we take for granted. Thank you for that.
Trump did something the players union was unable to do. He forced the owners to support the players because without them they lose billions of dollars. Black players are about 70% of the NFL. There may be enough racists to elect Trump, but there are not enough to fill 16 stadiums a week for 17 weeks at as much as $100 per seat or more. If Alabama and Auburn universities lost all their black players, a state of emergency would be declared for the state of Alabama. They started recruiting black players when they got tired of being beat up by the likes of integrated schools such as USC, Ohio State, and Michigan. Of course, this could all be avoided if we had equal rights for all citizens. As a nation, we have never achieved that goal. The original Constitution only liberated land owning white men. Our current Constitution is suppose to give equal rights to all citizens.
Very few of the less than 3000 trappers in Alaska are Native.  Cruel leghold & conibear traps are a white man thing anyway.  Regardless some traditions are best left in the past, for any culture.
Clearly the SJW have no sense of humour and the response has been highly racists.  Jenner was referred to as "whiter than whiter" along with other racists insults.   So, being white is now a crime? And, of course, the SJW had to throw in "appropriation".  The brouhaha is just another episode of the radical left trying to control society through public shaming.
Black Lives Matter people are not racist, Richard.  They are just trying to stop police shootings of unarmed, innocent African Americans as well as poor whites. African Americans are eight times more likely to be shot by police than whites.  However, poor whites are increasingly also victims of police violence.  Please use the Dogpile search engine Richard, and get some real information on Black Lives Matter instead of mindlessly watching corporate controlled FOX (Faux) News.
The liberals would have us believe that Jesus was not a white European male who taught the centrality of lassez-faire capitalism to the fulfillment of God's plan for mankind.  Naturally, we know this image is flawed and have numerous websites and publications to demonstrate the truth.  We also have a visionary in the white house who knows the score, so we may dismiss anyone who disagrees with our views, as we won.
What is NOT clear about condemning "...hatred, bigotry and violence on MANY sides...” unless you're a hardcore leftist who believes only white people can commit hatred, bigotry and violence?  This is more leftist media, anti-Trump hype because we all know the media's job is not to report news, but to "get Trump".
Once you understand that "Us" doesn't include white men, it all makes perfect sense.
Which speech? Did he call white supremicists 'vile' and have no place in America?
Who said I was White? You just assumed that? Why? I just want the racism to go away and we all be treated as equals regardless of race or background. That is what everyone wants right?
"As a white Christian, I'm disgusted that so many in my family of faith played a key role in electing a bully who boasts about sexual assault, defines all Muslims by the actions of an extreme few, called Pope Francis "disgraceful" and mocked a disabled reporter."  Let me add to your list, please.  We elected the guy who attacked the American presidency with pervasive lies because he didn't like the man or his policies.  We elected the guy who attacked the American system of voting and continues to weaken that system with his unproven tweets.   Add "non-patriot who attacks the United States" to your list. That might (might) get the attention of those who need to hear this.    One more thing.......stop the Hillary comparisons, please everyone.  Hillary is gone.  There are no "two evils" from which to choose.  There is only Trump.  We will judge him on his own actions.
I have better things to do.  I asked for simple proof but have yet to receive any.  If a liberal like Anderson Cooper has an issue with anyone calling him a White Supremacist, then that is good enough for me.
wow,  the white fragility on display here is something else.   Trump cultists want to deport everyone darker than a paper bag,  yet Huerta is the racist. Sure,  sure.
"Most mass shooters were white by far." - except for the recent mass shooter in Orlando, or the mass shooters in San Bernadino (12/2/15), and Chattanooga (7/16/15).    "ALL were men" - except for the husband/wife team in San Bernadino. (14 deaths)
White city oregon dental Say thier broke  The gov cut money 5o be seen in town Choise
the thing is: The perpetrator is gone, no more. What was his motive, who was he affiliated with, etc.? As it is today, the white guy does not have a group of terrorists planning another plot of destruction that we know of? Do YOU know his affiliations and their future plots of war against Concert goers?
Wrong.  Tasi had a conviction for a DUI - something Musser should also have but apparently white vets don't get convicted of DUIs
james - Yea, but ur special.  Maybe it has nothing to do with racism and more to do with employers' experiences with the work ethics of different races?  Has anyone studied that?  If you owned a business and had to choose between a slacker and an achiever, which would you hire?  This is similar to the reason why a higher percentage of blacks are in prison.  Maybe it's because a higher percentage of blacks are criminals? Has anyone studied that?  Keep in mind that blacks comprise only 16% of the population which about 1 in 6.  Should that ratio be any higher when it comes to employment?  Non-Hispanic whites comprise 63%.  Whites should have  been 4x more likely to get called back, not just 2x as much as blacks.
Your figures are deliberately misleading. Blacks make up 13% of US population. You have restricted your numbers, if not outright lied about them, to a single age cohort without restricting the percent of white and Hispanic an equal amount. if you had done so, your figures for whites would be 16.6% of the population commits 45.3% of murders.  Let's see your source, twyford the lieford.  Here's mine:    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States
I, as a mostly Caucasian man, take a big offense to the term "whitewashing".  It oppresses me, and stereotypes me. Please stop it. Racism works both ways. Now I have to go to my safe place
Who cares where they get the money. As Deng Xiaoping said about China's change to private enterprise system: "It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white -- as long as he catches the mouse."
Because this is how normal people talk here in Hawaii.  We don't subscribe to your PC rules of speech and we never will.  Here we say haole, popolo, "Japanee," sole, kanak, etc.  From my experience it is mostly haoles who are race sensitive and have to conform to these foreign PC rules that are not Hawaiian.    In a crowd of 10 people I'm not gonna say "one on the left."  If she's with a group of haoles I'm obviously not gonna say "the haole one."   You can't use the word "white" or "caucasian" and then tell me not to use haole.  It is simply the Hawaiian word for the same term.
Less than 24 hrs after this happened, Trump is tweeting about extreme vetting, the travel ban and blaming Schumer. And yet after the Vegas shooting, they say now is not the time to talk about gun control. When it is a white American male with guns, they don't want to talk about ways to prevent it.
Uh yeah, certainly many white peoples playing white peoples roles lol!  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamilton_(musical)
White, black, red, these are racial categories. The term race or racial group refers to dividing the human species according to physical characteristics that are inherited.[1] The most widely used human racial types are those based on visual traits (such as skin color, cranial, facial features, or type of hair.) https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_(sociology) Latino, Asian, Native American--these are ethnic categories. An ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on common language, ancestral, social, cultural, or national experiences.[1][2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethnic_group There are many Asians, Latinos and American Indians whose skin is whiter than some Europeans'  skin, so I don't really understand what you mean by "identifying as something or someone you aren’t." If Asians, Latinos and American Indians identify as white because their skin is white you have no say in it, 4:20. They may be whiter than you, 4:20. I advise spf50
From your tone you are not eager to understand but I'll explain anyway. I didn't say white or whiteness - Said white people and whiteness so you misquoted me.  1) White people refers to a "race" of people with white skins. 2) Whiteness refers to a set of privileged beliefs and attitudes that are associated with racism and white supremacy, which are more or less synonymous.  Malema is often misquoted on this issue - he has repeatedly identified the enemy as whiteness and not white people   I tried to copy paste a list of references - it seems that this is not allowed (prob too many characters) so you would like to understand and to read - if you have the inclination - you will have to rely on google.
I have ABSOLUTE respect for these players ... total respect ... unreserved respect.  When a nation like the united states continues to disrespect and punish its minorities with institutionalized RACISM, its up to those minorities (or at least the brave ones) to take a stand ... and who better than those minorities who are in the public eye.  The history of sports in Amerika is one of White racism.  Good going guys.
White male conciousness is rising, fake news wont stop it.
Sad that schools in Brazil don't teach the critical reasoning that would lead any sane non-white person to  reject Mormonism.  If you take the Book of Mormon and cross out all the racist references, references to plural marriage and blood atonement- there's not much left of the book.    Here's a typical racist remark from official Mormon doctrine:  Those who were less valiant in pre-existence and who thereby had certain spiritual restrictions impose on them during mortality are known to us as the negroes. Such spirits are sent to earth through the lineage of Cain, the mark put upon him for his rebellion against God, and his murder of Able being a black skin. . . . Noah's son married Egyptus, a descendant of Cain, thus preserving the negro lineage through the flood. . . . the negro are not equal with other races where the receipt of certain spiritual blessings are concern. . . . " (Mormon Doctrine, 527-28; 1966 orig. ed., changed in the current ed.; emphasis added).
Great column Margaret.   Racism isnt worse than ever, its being talked about more than ever, partly because the victims are no longer staying quiet.  And thanks to technology we see with our own eyes.    This (ostensibly flawed) test/this column are opportunities for honest conversations about the problem of racism in our country.  Mind you, it isnt a problem for those who dont experience it, so its easy ignore/pretend.  It cannot be an honest conversation when whites respond to columns like this with 'why are we always being picked on us like we're the only ones who are racists'.  (Please look up the definition of racism!). The reality is whites on the whole, hold the power, are in charge of the systems that fundamentally affects the lives of racialised peoples, are accorded more social and symbolic power..and lets face it, the whole notion of who is superior, the construction of 'race', 'white man's burden' etc. was birthed in white men.
I did not know much about Steve Bannon so I decided to research the issue. What I found was allegations without proof from the likes Nancy Pelosi, and other far left loonies. Anderson Cooper clearly called out Elizabeth Warren for making such allegations without proof. Bannon clearly espouses conservative values, many of which I agree with so does this make me a White Supremacist as well? I read an article written by former Jewish employees who flatly denied any anti-semitic actions or beliefs. I was unable to find any actual evidence to show him to be a White Supremacist. I find it ironic that Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, who actually attended KKK rallies according to her own book, as well as professed the need to eliminate undesirables from the population by abortion, forced sterilization and contraception is hailed as a hero from the liberal establishment. Who do you think those undesirables actually were? Show me some actual proof and I will change my stance.
What if your "religion" tells you not to serve anyone other than whites? Now you get to put up a "whites only" sign on your door???  If you choose to participate in religious extremism, maybe you shouldn't be in a business that's open to the general public.
no, dearie ... a lynch mob is not a group of people who vociferously criticise rotten and unconscionable 'journalism' ... a lynch mob is a group of people who argue that taking away someone's voting rights on grounds of race and gender might possibly be a good thing ... and there can be no sly justification of  that mentality in insidious articles like the one above ... they only serve to show how deep the 'journalistic' lynch-mob mindset has actually gone ... pillay should be forced to resign - again ... and then she ought to join some anti-white activist group instead ... where her talents, such as they are, can be put to good, thoroughly dishonest use ...
This is a ridiculous post by the Washington Examiner and the author. First of all it was American Patriots and not white Supremacist and Second off it was a Rally  not a protest. There was a protest to the Rally but the author of the post is outright lying about the details of this post. This is one of the reasons the term fake news is an actual thing.  If the author of the post backed by the Washington Examiner can lie about the details of the players and the actual assembly, then how can they be trusted with a story as a whole or any story for that matter
Have you thought about improving and broadening your understanding, by meeting with a white-supremacist member?  They say we're never too old to learn new things by just listening.
I grew up where there were only whites and indigenous tribes. Never even saw a black person until I was 8 years old. I was pretty ignorant of racial issues. Then at 18 I dated the head cheerleader at the predominantly black high school in a big city, and my eyes began opening to a lot of things.
Unbelievable! You are calling for Marshall law! Sympathy for Nazis! That's American!? You are the farthest thing from an American I could possibly think of. Did you know we fought the Nazi scum in WW2? They wanted to take over the world and erase all non whites. Did you even know that? Being a liberal means we believe in Democracy. Majority rules! Thank God the majority aren't like you
"From the “Proud Boys” protesting the sun setting on their testosterone empire to men whining over female-only screenings of Wonder Woman, from the basements of Reddit to the halls of the White House, everywhere we hear the squawk, “This is not fair. We want our clubhouse back.” "  I don't believe we are hearing "We want our clubhouse back" from those already entrenched at the Officer's Mess...the Proud Boys as I understand it are all enlisted men who at best could pull down duty as a bartender at the Officer's Mess...the "clubhouse" still in tact!  Perhaps we have to look further to see if the mood at the clubhouse or the paths leading to it have also changed...are the revelations of sexual harassment and suicides at RMC symptoms of the disease of the "Summer of White Male Grievance"?  In America at least I'd suggest with Donald in the White House many with a grievance feel they have their clubhouse back...or at least the balance of a four year lease with an option on four more!
There is as much evidence Quebecors are white supremacist as there is evidence Justin Trudeau is a white supremacist. Really disgusting to see the G&M inciting hate against Quebecors again. But that is how Globalist divide and concur. Luckily Canadians have great Nationalist pride and will not fall for these fake stories.
How much government funding did white kids get in relation to blacks,indian and coloured kids ?
Too bad your most valuable asset, your white skin, is losing value with each passing day. You elected a con man to save you. We'll see how that works for you. He is tall, rich, and white. Good luck with that.
This alleged "trail" was introduced I believe by the federal governmint in the form of USFS recreational employees.  The Code of Federal Regulation for property takings was the law of the land at the time.  Not a mere influence.  The private property owners impacted often are ethnic Alaskans.  Of course, Alaska embraces a concept wherein a well-nourished white guy crashes through adjacent private property to gain a will of the wisp continuity du mode.  At the time of the alleged "historic" iditarod trail "composition" the Director of the USFS was sadly without sight.   So, there certainly was a certain amount of political recreational whim.  This "decision" has to be whimsical due to the lack of judicial briefing.  I hope a couple of things.  One, I hope this is appealed and joined by neighboring and negatively impacted private property owners whose rights to quiet enjoyment of property rights are diminished and not compensated in opposition to CFR 49.  Also, I hope feds review asap.
Here's another prime example of "white exceptionalism" for Spencer to post on his website!
Let me see, OJ allegedly killed 2 white people and was found not guilty. So are you saying the LAPD is racists against whites? None of what happened indicate the converse.
Reminds me of Kellie Leitch's "Canadian Values" screening proposal for new immigrants. I always wondered what we should do about "native" Canadians (not First Nations people) - the ones born here - who don't hold those values. And that message was aimed at people who are least likely to hold Canadian values. Ironic, to say the least.  Very good article from an author who has lived the experience and clearly understands. Also important to read the comments on how visible minority groups  exhibit racist attitudes toward each other, as racism in North America is always portrayed as "white people vs. Everyone"
"A case in point in contemporary Adventism is the Southeastern California Conference, which has an ordained female president, ...."  Clearly false, since within the Adventist Church, women cannot presently be ordained to the gospel ministry, and only an ordained minister can serve as a conference president. The Southeastern California Conference therefore has no president.   I don't see how we can equate a GC Session's vote against WO with Olsen or W.C. White's opposition to unions or departments. The former was a gathering of representatives from the world church, while the latter were a few individuals.
You seem to agree with VicXVI that Trump didn't expressly endorse white supremacy.  So you must think he did so implicitly.   You seem to think that if you're "talking about cutting taxes," and all these "totally economic things," that affect blacks more than whites, you're in an alliance with the KKK and the Nazi Party.  Holy Moly!  Bill Clinton signed "Workfare," a reasonable piece of legislation which affected blacks more than whites.  Was he in an alliance with the KKK or the Nazis?  Geez, are you beginning to get a glimpse?
What is "the identity politics movement"?  There's no formal "movement" that is pressing for a greater sense of racial, gender or sexual identity.   The insight that white folks have rights and privileges that people of color typically lack derives from the Civil Rights Movement and from the study of what those privileges are and have been by historians, sociologists, activists and philosophers.  Black Lives Matter is not an "identity politics movement"; it's a social movement that calls for law enforcement reform and has the support of lots of white folks . If anything, the only identitarian "movement"  I can think of that fits your description is the white supremacist movement, which IS calling for white power and separatism.
After January 20th, Muslims will become (to use your favourite term) untouchables in the US. Not allowed to use schools, airports, hotels, restaurants along with their white counterparts.   Kind of like African Americans had to go through segregation. Bet you support that too!
The Electoral College was put in place by the slave states who had fewer white citizens but lots of African slaves.  It is appropriate that something that was created to preserve slavery gives us the most openly racist president of our lifetime.
I see that you, Motley, care more about semantics than facts. You can always find an angle that justifies white racism. You would make a "good German". They never asked where the Jews disappeared to.
According to this article the "alt right " is defined as a "confederation of neo-Nazis,white supremacists and anti semitics" and yet Breitbart, the recognized US mouth piece for the "alt right"is quoted as advocating for the removal of national security chief  GeneralMcMaster because he is supposedly " not a strong ally of Israel". . How can you be anti semitic and at the same time criticise those who fail to support Israel? And what about the "alt rights" Islamaphobia or is that acceptable?
Dear Mmusi, I agree that 2019 is a hell of a long time to wait ...to see the back end of Zuma and his cohorts.  Seeing the dissapointment and frustration displayed openly on all forms of media, matched with continuing  "dirt" like our latest woman beating deputy...the possibility exists that your motion might show a few more "running scared" ANC bale outs.  Why is it not possible to approach the Concourt, ultimately the people and Constitution protector  and point out the obvious...they need to step up and take the Zuma Bull by the horns!..I will start a civil petition. Your sense of duty, regardless of the odds of success or popularity is a welcome new direction.  Add truth to the equation and an increased awareness of diverse leadership and I believe you will have a winner!  Somehow, for this all to ring "true" you will have to review your not so distant past treatment of Helen Zille within the "popular" BP "all things white alienation.  Taking Mandela's stand/continued
While it's true that some welcomed the "whites", also many natives fought the Europeans as they repopulated the Americas after 1492.  Were those indigenous people "racists"?  Is a racist anyone who wants to preserve a traditional way of life, who does not want to provide complete accommodation, when faced with newcomers to their lands?  Based on today's PC view, the answer appears to be "yes", so the term applies to pretty much any "tribe" in history that has resisted immigration.
Haha I did not realize that-should be a great show to watch a braniac like Warren take apart Mr. Bloody Heal's reactionary white guy, xenophobic drivel. He already calls her "Lieawatha"-get it? He says she represents everything we hate about politics...yeah, like name calling. This tone deafness won't play for Schilling like it played for Trump, and not in Massachusetts. Post Trump, this sort of candidate is not going to have such an easy time.   As for McConnell seizing this "opportunity", it's turned out to be quite a motivator for the Democratic base, so painting McConnell as some kind of great strategist for recognizing a great chance to finally show the Democrats for who they really are is kind of hilarious.
Poor little Tweedums. He's been #triggered by having late night shows make fun of him? Gosh, no president in history has had late night shows make fun of them!    Donnie truly is an affirmative action hire - for whites.
The author has not been paying attention. Racial slurs directed at people of colour are now forbidden. Not so racial slurs against whites; they are now all the rage. So too slurs against Jews in their Homeland, which are very popular among leftists and Muslims. Slurs against "infidels" by Muslims are widespread, not least in mosques. The author has missed the new, good, postcolonial racism that is all the rage at universities and generally on the left.
joe, ive seen that video. nice. it still shows the king on the top of the stack. nothing moved without his ok. Hawaiians are exactly the same as everyone on earth, came from the same couple out of Africa, have the same blood and DNA, same aspirations, biases, tolerances or intolerance's, compassion's, hatreds and etc., etc., etc. as the rest of us. Hawaiians are also in a very different situation than Native Americans, whose lands were stolen. the common thread is that both were perpetrated by rich, white, christian males.
As a response to your question...in a word: "No".  If 'old white men' were truly in positions with the kind of power you're claiming, there would never have been any of the changes you celebrate.  Like you, I celebrate the changes that led to greater racial and sexual equality, not because as an 'old white man' I believe my forebears somehow gave up their power, but because I want to be part of a society the empowers all its citizens.  And that sentiment is exactly what got Barrack Obama elected.  Yes, old white guys got Obama elected because believing in the basic goodness of all people, they were willing to give him and the changes he represented a chance.  As for minorities and their demands playing a role?  Maybe, but there's a huge difference between divisiveness  and moral courage.  Compare the MLK movement of the 60's--a demand for the recognition of natural rights guaranteed in the Declaration--verses the Al Sharpton type of racial extortions of today.   Totally different.
If only the world were truly as black and white as your statement. Then we would be all be as perfect as you!
How do you stop racial bias?  Most of the time it's in the eye of the beholder.  You stopped me because _______.    What does collecting data have to do with anything.  In the City of Denver, the east side officers are going to have black stops, the west side Hispanic, the south west - white.  I'm not sure what collecting that will entail and prove?  Aurora is the same way, so is Thornton, it's called demographics.  Unless the Auditor thinks that only straight white men should be stopped, this is a waste of time and  just an attempt to triumph on recent events.
The CBC'S Macdonald's article linked to in this article, makes the weird claim that Bissonnette was a "Christian" terrorist.  Has "Christian" now become used as a term of ethnic identity, where if one is white and of European roots, one is deemed to be a Christian, whether or not one is an actual believer, or an atheist?  I guess that follows when you need to make hostility to Islam about race, skin color, ethnicity, rather than to a set of beliefs...  The problem is, Muslim terrorists are Muslim terrorists because they CLAIM to be acting in the name of their religion. There is no indication Bissonnette was religious, or that he acted in the name of Christianity.
Lmao where did I at all bring up the race of NFL players. Last I checked there white, black, Mexican, Asian. Last I checked the NFL is also comprised of a large number of felons and criminals who Without the NFL wouldn't have a leg to stand on. Once again no race brought up. I put in more work than elite actors so yes I should be paid more as do the several other races of people who Put in much harder work. Is it white privelage to Say that. Once again I ask. Clearly define white privelage or any privelage I have being white over someone who is black, besides being able to tan my skin several shades darker lol. Last I checked any race can stand up with pride for there race. Mexicans certainly do with la raza so is that Mexican privelage. Please explain? Also yes in the field I work in and the company I own I'd certainly easily be in the top 100 of what I do which is a rather small field. What's it to you? Get up off your knees and wipe your mouth  The NFL is done.
What a meaningless response you just gave there. Nowhere in the article I read from the retired police chief did he talk about what you just posted there. He talked about his former occupation, which gave him lots of pride, also was far from perfect. The shooter in the Philando Castile case sounds like the authoritarian addict. What's funny about you: I can bet two bucks that you're the bro who instinctively jumps in to rationalize every incident of a cop killing an unarmed non-white person, but at other points in time, you've shown your real feelings for cops. You've been drunk at a bar, a cop is telling you to settle down, and you were in his face yelling "Hey bud, better be nice to me because I pay your salary!" I find a certain brand of white person disgusting: the person who hates police, but loves it when they kill brown people.
I had to smile and laugh at this; "...labeled us as less than human to white Americans."  I have always thought that calling someone "white" was "pejorative and not a self-designative term"  and in pretty poor taste.  Also, a lot of these names for people, places or things that trace their ancestry/history to the area we now call Alaska originate from Eastern Russia and the Caucasus area and thus not European.  Calling everyone European is not using "self-designative terms that local Indigenous people... would use".  Perhaps European-American, Native European or Caucasian would be more appropriate for those whining about being called Black, Eskimo or whatever.
All true and excellent article.  We ordinary folk out there have to help the press by sharing info on social media.  There is a lot of abuse against the truth in the press and against journalists.  We have to all (black, coloured, indian, white, pink and blue) stand together.  Our voices can be heard.
Can you give an example of a better way to bring attention to this? So far throughout the history of people of colour protesting, every single method has had the same reactions, 'theres a better way to do this' or 'this is not the way to protest', or the classic 'shut up you ungrateful n****r'. I haven't heard of anyone giving a solution that will get the message across without making white people uncomfortable and/or angry. Whenever white people protest in any way, the reaction is 'they're exercising their freedom of speech '
Whats odell have a splits fetish. Or maybe he likes seeing little white girls in unbearable pain. Either way this dude needs to get a life.
Racism is so pervasive and the crimes committed (and acquitted) in its name are so horrific that one could only defend carrying on as usual if insulated by the white privildge that comes from sitting on the GM's editorial board.
No back-peddling.  Maybe you need to read the post a second, third, fourth time.     It CLEARLY states, "young white women and women of color get pregnant.  Uhhhhhhh, what do you not understand about READING and UNDERSTANDING the entire post?????     "DYSLEXIA" comes to mind.
Another 'isolated incident' of crazy, right-wing, white guy terrorism.  And they were from Liberal, KS. LIBERAL. KANSAS. Talk about an oxymoron. It must have chapped their hides just to live there.  Good times...
I don't agree with the conclusion that we are looking away. There have been many attempts to get to the root causes, and simply put suicides are often very complex. The question is how much do non-aboriginals get involved in what is an aboriginal problem ? We have told often enough that we interfere and attempt to provide a"white man's "interpretation to a culture that we don't understand. The leadership in dealing this has to come from the communities themselves with us as backup, and help with all the resources they need. The minute we come with solutions, we will be accused of meddling or trying to assimilate the youth into our way of life.  This has been happening across reserves and Inuit communities for decades now, and surely the leaders in these communities have opinions as to the root causes.
Are you being serious? Are you suggesting abortion was a "benefit" to the child thus killed? That's what eugenicists claim.   80% of abortion facilities are located in minority neighbourhoods. About 13% of American women are black, but they receive over 35% of the abortions.   Almost as many African-American children are aborted as are born. A black baby is three times more likely to be aborted as a white baby.   Since 1973, abortion has reduced the black population by over 25%. Twice as many African-Americans have died from abortion than have died from AIDS, accidents, violent crimes, cancer, and heart disease combined.
have you been to the Black Lives Matter website?  have you ever spoken with a Black Lives Matter representative?  You're calling them a terrorist group but that is not at all what the organization is about. It is appalling to propose that BLM is somehow, in anyway, equivalent to white supremacists, white nationalist, neo Nazi, or Alt Right.  That is why many GOP representatives, including Senator Gardner, are making statements about what we witnessed over the weekend.  They know that this is a false equivalency and it is not OK.  It is unacceptable.
"You remind me of 1950s America when most US white women listed their job as homemaker while nearly all women of color listed their job as maid."  Nothing like an erroneous stereotype. No, many blacks, like many whites, lived in rural areas in the 1950s. You watched too many episodes of "Jeffersons."
I think Pitts is a racist, he doesn't have very many good things to say about this country or white folks in general (I'm half America Indian by the way). He's obviously bias to anything other than Democrats and they're supposed to be the tolerant party. Why does this paper continue to pick him to support their views? If it was a white person saying that kind of stuff they'd be gone for sure. I don't know what has happen to Anchorages only newspaper but it's all bad.
>" BuzzFeed Canada spoke to 11 Muslim Canadians about the “Canadian values” debate going on in the Conservative leadership race. “I’m afraid that in their attempt to set strict parameters, politicians will really end up othering large groups of people and alienating citizens who don’t fit a rigid ideal of what the average white Canadian thinks everyone should be like,” Huda Sadoon said."  Who'da thought it?  A muslim racist.
"Uh, he is calling me and other posters names, by calling us "ultra right wing, home grown white-boy terrorists."   Well, if you a ARE one - FOR SHAME; if you're not, then it's not your issue, is it?
The magical double-standard here is that if a black or brown person is accused of a crime, it reflects on all black or brown folks in the eyes of most white Americans.  But when a white is accused of a crime, it only reflects on the individual criminal.  And of course most white Americans rationalize this by claiming black and brown folks are disproportionately among the 'criminal class'.  Hmm...can ya gimme that again?  79-80% of mass-shooters and child molesters are white, and this is FAR in excess of their percentage of the population (62%).  17-18% is WAY past 'statistically significant' in this context.  Funny this particular statistic is seldom used to bolster such rationalizations.  In fact most white Americans, and their white-dominated media conglomerates, remain pretty much completely silent about it.  "Forked tongue" and all that...
God has made NO such revelations.  The male-run church made that one of the hallmarks of its teachings.  Women put up with this un-Christian treatment for centuries, sometimes because they thought that being treated like second-class humans was God's Will.    But women are not accepting the false, derogatory position in which the official church has placed them [or any other social, cultural, or financial organization tries to package them]. Every year---women press on recognizing that God has graced them equally to be pastors, shepherds, and priests in service to God's people.  God is not an old, white man up in the sky with a fist full of thunderbolts ready to hurl them down on those who fails to do HIS will.  God's Will can be done by ANYBODY who so seeks to fulfill it.  It was women who were the most faithful to Christ in his life-time and at his death.  They have not failed in their faith and personal dedication  to Christ over the centuries.
They go out on their Kawasaki and Suzuki quads, with Ruger and Tikka centerfire rifles, just like before the white man came
It is good for the soul to see the Catholic Church standing up to the Trumpites and their White Identity agenda.
I did not know much about Steve Bannon so I decided to research the issue.  What I found was allegations without proof from the likes Nancy Pelosi, and other far left loonies. Anderson Cooper clearly called out Elizabeth Warren for making such allegations without proof.  Bannon clearly espouses conservative values, many of which I agree with so does this make me a White Supremacist as well? I read  an article written by former Jewish employees who flatly denied any anti-semitic  actions or beliefs. I was unable to find any actual evidence to show him to be a White Supremacist.    I find it ironic that Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, who actually attended KKK rallies according to her own book, as well as professed the need to eliminate undesirables from the population by abortion,  forced sterilization  and contraception is hailed as a hero from the liberal establishment.  Who do you think those undesirables actually were?
Senator Beyak's recent defense of child abuse in the residential schools is merely one facet of the current White Industry that likes to say -on the one hand- that residential school life was hunky-dory, while on the other hand, a section of this industry also likes to point out that the destruction caused by this genocidal policy at the community level -the suicides, the addictions, the abuse- are all the fault of the Natives themselves for failing to live up to the "white ideal" of current society.  This is further proof that the CPC is unfit to lead a government, since these bigoted beliefs and white privilege is ingrained into many party members..
Republicans, the folks who want just certain white men working. Well, the others can work, but they'll be relegated to doing the jobs these certain white men don't want to do. And then they wonder why people steal, accept welfare, are homeless, etc. Not smart--Republicans. Not nice either.
Couple of points for you!!  Fine display the Iranian flag, be proud of your heritage; but remember for whatever reason you've apparently come to this country for a reason?? Also, you apparently have chosen to ignore the scores of human rights violations this in-tolerate regime has inflicted on people who descent, everything from what they can wear to the way they have to cut their hair!!  Don't preach hate and white supremacy to me, when you support a regime and religion in which everyone else is an infidel and not worthy to exist!!  Next, clueless the CBF is NOT the Stars & Bars-FACT!! Read a little.   And last, you to are entitled to your own opinion and I don't expect you to know the facts of anything because you haven't learned about "my" country.  And colors, who cares; it's about the rights, responsibilites & behavior of citizens of all colors in this country.  Iran is a political hell hole for many-FACT!!
In no way do I wish to diminish the issues swirling around the stated issue I. This article, bit I think there's something else of note here as well.  By wording things the way it des, the Vatican seems to be trying to create wiggle room for itself.  But as we've seen over and over, there are times when black and white might be a better approach.   How few of us can u derstand why the bishops have so badly handled the abuse mess?  Or this issue of gay priests? Or women?  I would hope that this "cleverness" on the part of the insiders could come to an end.  They seem to still want everything both ways...  If the laity is to believe things are black and white, why not the bishops?   I think this dualit mindset is not good for the church these days.
Was Las Vegas also senseless, tragic and preventable?  Or is it ok when white American's do the killing or is it only bad when one of these "others" do it?
Judah, you're doing it.......hyperbole and generalizations.   Were all voters for Trump angry and white? No.   What we can do as informed and interested citizens is agree on what we're going to monitor and as it affects the entire country, not just a sub group.  If his policies benefit only angry whites then he is a failure. (Labor participation goes up all else falls)  My question to you is what metric would make you reconsider or consolidate your feelings on a Trump administration?  If the answer is "nothing will change my mind" then is there a point in discussing?
Uh, plenty of white people in Obama's admin, you ruskie stooge
Though Jews discriminate no less than others, discrimination alone isn't apartheid. Apartheid occurs when a minority group in a territory, backed by the full might of the government they control, suppresses and abuses a democratic majority in that same territory. And that's the situation in Palestine. Israel calls the shots there, not the democratic Palestinian majority.   Again, the parallels to apartheid South Africa are clear. The SA government would intervene in the black territories if, say, a white settler or corporation wanted land and resources there. The territory's so-called autonomy would disappear, and if necessary the military would be sent in to enforce the will of Johannesburg.  I began the discussion by saying that there are significant human rights abuses throughout the Middle East. But there's only one apartheid state in the region: Israel.  Wishing you a good day, too.
How shall we deal with such hard-core Neo-Nazis and White Supremacists?  Martin Luther said it:  “The best way to drive out the devil, if he will not yield to texts of Scripture, is to jeer and flout him, for he cannot bear scorn.”  If they aren't responding to reason, mock them. Laugh at them. Point fingers and giggle at them. Tell jokes about them. Reduce them to the butt of humor, both juvenile and witty.  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/17/opinion/how-to-make-fun-of-nazis.html
Neo-Nazis and white supremacist groups want you to believe they are growing. And since the election they are organizing and marching in Donald Trump’s name. The cold, hard fact that racist thugs shout and chant Trump’s name (something we all saw happening in Charlottesville) while threatening and intimidating minorities should give us all pause — particularly the president himself. I think we all know how much Trump loves it when people shout and chant his name. The “bad dudes,” in his view, are the people who oppose them.
It's hard to acknowledge that there are serious issues facing white men when they're out protesting not being able go to a screening of Wonder Woman.  Cherry picking statistics doesn't establish a systemic problem either.  Like what do you propose government should do about the fact that more men declare bankruptcy -- allow the banks to restrict credit to men?
He forgot to address whites as European Americans.
re "Donnie Dump couldn't get elected either if it weren't for white supremacists, eighth grade dropouts , and gun nuts" and this?  "Because it's the truth? You have to admit, the Trumpeteers have not acquitted themselves well." [Joe end quote]  Not gonna argue, just request a definition of what a 'Gun Nut' is (Theater shooter? Columbine? CC permitted citizens? NRA members? Or?)  2nd, percentage of eighth grade dropouts that voted for Trump please. May well be the majority! Just show us.  3rd, percentage of actual declared white supremacist's who voted for Trump. Again, may well be the majority. I have no idea but I am interested in the data actually.
Liberal can and most often do support a capitalist status quo. Ever hear of "neoliberal?" Disney can show girls, non-whites, working people, and gays as strong warriors as long as that warrior doesn't use his or her skills to challenge some basic imperialist or capitalist assumption. Lots of human interest news does us no good at understanding the system in order to fix it.
Finally, after asking one question so many times of people and never once getting a response, "Why do you say Obama is the most divisive president ever?", I have my answer: he was black. Pure and simple. Some were so quick to toss out the "race card" retort any time there was an attempt to discuss race, even though racism was always at the core of the label "divisive".  Now we have a 30% president who draws support from hate, white supremacist, and neo-Nazi groups, organizations that are growing in size, number and boldness since his inauguration. He does nothing to discourage them. Their ilk are even on his staff in the persons of Bannon, Miller, Gorka and, until recently, the fired Higgins. How many more are there?  This 30% president needs to clean house if he expects to have any chance of being the president of a majority of us, let alone all of us.
This is why the bishops are so pro open borders.    Latinos are the future of U.S. Catholicism.     In 40 years, readers of NCR (if it even still exists) will look on back issues and wonder "there used to be lots of white Catholics"?
Did I count "could" 38 times in this article? Trump does represent change with many unknowns and uncertainty, as opposed to Clinton who stood for keeping the status-quo corporate power structure in place, with it's widening insulation from the working middle-class that has been under siege for years.  I liked the positive upbeat tone, especially coming from a woman, because most of the women I've talked to feel persecuted from what they mistakenly view as the "white male backlash", when the problem is that the Democratic party had abandoned the working class, and instead focused on gender and racial politics.  Ms. Downey has a great post-election attitude, that should inspire everyone to work towards finding and fixing the problems that this country faces. The alternative would be rather unpleasant.  Thank you, Ms. Downey.
There are 750 ZUS in France which are Zone Urbain Sensitive.  These are simply areas with higher unemployment and poverty rates, much like priority neighbourhoods in any big Canadian city.  Many wrongly equate these as being predominately Muslim (most are predominately white) and as being unsafe for police so like many statements there is a grain of truth but slanted.  Same with the rape epidemic in Sweden, Rape has skyrocketed since 2005 due to the change in definition which is much broader than before or elsewhere not Muslim immigration.
In one study that I recently read, 1.5 million black men have disappeared in America.  Many have died an early death and the rest are locked up in prison and many for the rest of their life.  In another study, black men are 31 time more likely to die than a white man.  That's a high percentage for blacks considering that the white population is at least 3 times larger.  Look at these 2014 statistics:  https://www.propublica.org/article/deadly-force-in-black-and-white
It's global warming deniers like you that must be shamed.  Like white supremacists everywhere.  They're everywhere and they're Conservative.  Be afraid.  This normal hurricane activity combined with a normally cold winter in Ottawa is undeniably proof of global warming. But you Trump supporters just don't get it.  Hillary lost and I'll not stand for it.  I will forever remain bitter at a conservative government. Just because.  Everything's global warming and everything's a Trump Russian conspiracy.  Don't you get it?  Oh who will think of the children!?!?!?!
The Klan, the White Citizens Councils, and various other violent racist groups have been at it since the Civil War. 2,400 black people were killed by lynch mobs in the South between 1882 and 1930. The feeble attempts at equivalency are risible.
No. This "left" stuff doesn't help. Free speech is vital to a democracy. Everybody sane, left and right, opposes nazis, neo-nazis, KKK. and white supremacy, marching with clubs and torches, chanting racist slogans; and also the fringe groups on the left that support violence even in opposition to hate.  Violence isn't free speech, isn't even speech; it's violence. It is not protected by the first amendment. Gandhi and MLK taught the world that violent opposition to hate doesn't cure hate.
Where is all the report the guy people at when it is clear this some young white male who committed these crimes. Where do we deport him back to? Nebraska or if he is of Irish blood back to Ireland? What the deal you trump people. This is an example of why we need a wall at the colorado border
Whew!... this gong show, conflict of interest, enriching office of POTUS, back room deals, security breached key staffers, white supremacist, narrow minded, xenophobic White House is way better than Hillary's home email server. USA, a OK!
"A hard reset, the letter says, does not mean starting over. Rather, it says, all information collected to date would remain in place but the inquiry would be rebuilt from the ground up with families and communities at its centre."  This reminds me of when BLM wanted to negotiate with the City of Toronto, but refused to speak to Mayor Tory, because he was a white male and he needed to ' stay in his own lane'.  Since when do we get to choose what bureaucrat hears our case?
I didn't know there was a history. That saddens me greatly. I would guess that because of racism in the church and his experience of it he has suffered a narcissistic wound and he acting out the wounds of racism. Others not I would posit as well that in this area where he has begun to speak out we need to honor that in and of itself. The latest news of the RC just confirms this. It is trauma denied and trauma behind, below, to the right, to the left, above and inside and outside. As with my clients who were sexual offenders, I will honor the truth of the wounds that they carry on their backs, and hope that they can accept the responsibility for the wrongs they did, open themselves to amends legal and otherwise. What a complete and utter tragedy. I am reminded of Paul Robeson. A brilliant African American who was denied most things he could easily have achieved if he was white. The law career, the political career, the acting career. He ended his life small and broken. NO MORE, NO MORE.
The SJWs want to remove all Confederate memorials, street names and the like because of slavery, yet Planned Parenthood was established by Margaret Sanger to eradicate African Americans.  And even today their clinics are in poor, minority areas.   Those who support Planned Parenthood wouldn't think of supporting the Nazis, but Planned Parenthood and the Nazis had similar missions to eradicate those they believed to be inferior;  the so called white privilege at its worse. Blacks comprise only 13% of the population of America but account for 37% of all abortions with Planned Parenthood's assistance.
First of all, the country is only about 240 years old. Second, there have been Black Americans being elected to office since 1868 and being elected with white votes. Black Americans voted almost exclusively for republicans until the 50's, when the democratic party started this myth that the republican party is the party of racists and the KKK. Republicans did not respond effectively, being mainly silent so not to appear as being mean to the democrats. Black politicians were almost all republicans until the late 40's. Black democrats began appearing about that time because a portion of the democratic party began embracing civil rights, the same rights the republican party had been embracing since it's formation. You say that minorities have gained the political maturity to vote for those who protect their interests? I say that minorities need to take a hard look at what has happened to them by being lied to. What party has controlled the cities and states with the most poverty, etc. ?
Not until HE says it. How many times has a spokesperson said one thing and Trump later contradicts it? We know they don't speak for him. Until Trump himself loudly, clearly, and consistently denounces the white supremacists and nazis that view him as their leader and enabler, he will remain responsible for their evil and the violence. First he will have to fire Steve Bannon, Stephen Miller, and Sebastian Gorka all of which have said they have been part of or supported white nationalist or neo-nazi groups. And of course he won't do that.
Reality has a nasty surprise for you. Maybe you should read less Right wing media conglomerates and do your own research.  "Bannon also highlighted the diversity of views that were given a platform at Breitbart News, while also making it clear that both he and the site had “zero tolerance” for “racial and anti-Semitic” views.  Given the comment section analysis, however, it would appear Bannon and Breitbart’s tolerance for anti-Semitic views was higher than zero. It confirms what Ben Shapiro, a former Breitbart editor, said when he claimed that Bannon turned the comment section into “a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers.”"
Wow, white supremacists? Really. Guess because they were white huh?. Still reporting lies.
"...after all do we really want to country where we shop based on political opinion?"  Another gem from the illiterate, nonsensical, clueless "wrong" part of the political spectrum.  "intolerant views" is an amazing statement coming from the bastion of racism, White Supremacy, Russian traitors that make up the Republican party of traitors led by the latest incarnations of Hitler and Stalin dragging both nations into economic devastation.
Kind of like when I attacked four angry old white guys without current portfolio for their Dubya. The parallels fit nicely, except what I said made sense, unless you believe in magic
The problem down south with these types of traffic cams is if you pull up to an intersection and your bumper or say your wheels stop over the white line you get a ticket. It isn't just if you run it they get you even if you do stop but not soon enough and your car is over the white line.  It is nothing more than a revenue generator and it most likely will do nothing to prevent the red light runner after he/she has run the light it only takes advantage of the fact that they were caught. Running a red light can be considered if any part of the vehicle is in the intersection when the light turns red as far as the cameras are concerned. But here is the catch.  In our state if you enter an intersection on a yellow or green light to say turn left, once you have entered the intersection and your not violating the Right of Way ordinance you have control of the intersection and if anything happens during that time the person in the intersection is not at fault. This could count even on a red.
Only thing is that a lot of Trump supporters, blue collar workers and rural white voters trusted him when he promised that they would not lose coverage. Trump may still have a 360 and act as a good negotiator or,  become just another establishment politician.
I loved this article and, when I read the comments, I wanted to yell out "Chill Everyone!" I am over 70 and remember my First Communion as vividly as I remember anything from my childhood. So, it wasn't all about the Eucharist. I was 7 for Pete's sake. And, yet, getting my hair curled and having a lovely white dress and a veil did not prevent me from developing a deeper and deeper love for the Euchaist over time.  Heidi, your daughter sounds like a delightful 8 year old and you seem like a mother who's doing a great job balancing it all. Keep your sense of humor! You might seriously need it, like I did, when my daughter turned 12.
Straight white cis gendered men have been a protected class since day one of this nation and we are still far more protected than any other group. The reason we have to expand these protections to other groups is because if we do not, they continue to face discrimination.   If you are straight, white, cis gendered, and male and believe you are a victim and that equality was never the goal because others are finally getting the same protections we've had for centuries, than you don't understand equality.
"A great day at the White House" tweeted Trump. Too funny. The guy is so deeply in denial and spin its comical.
Those of whatever pigmentation make racist remarks about people of other races that happen to share the same pigmentation.  Africans have racist jokes about fellow Africans , Europeans have racist jokes about other Europeans ....and I'm certain Asians have racist jokes about other Asians.
The great thing about this is it exposes the hypocrisy of the key players with their WMC false narrative. So keen to bad mouth the Rupert's of the world all the while they happily enlisting the services of foreign "white" companies to aid them in their thieving.   The more heat that falls on these players heads, both here and abroad, the harder it will be for the local villains to escape some form of retribution.   Go amaBunghane!
Missing and murdered Indigenous women inquiry has just 90 victims' names in its database ? And how many Missing and murdered white woman are there ? Or children ? This is just another example of a problem being politicized and then becoming a boondoggle of ineffective waste. Harper had it right the first time, there is no need for this inquiry. Spend the money on  reducing drugs, prostitution and  child abuse on the reserves. That is the real cause. Spend for the future not the past.
You mean 8 years of Republican obstructionism in order to continue George W Bush and Dick Cheney's policies of giving unneeded tax cuts to the wealthy and waging wars with a credit card instead of a tax increase and all talk and no action to come up with an alternative or improvement to the ACA. Any alternative they did propose but didn't act on usually would not cover everyone and would be worse than the ACA.  Wonder why 95% of Republicans are white. Can't be that the black people know that they are racists, many thanks to Tricky Dick Nixon's Southern Strategy.
Unlike several here, I like public art and don't want to see it vandalized.  You neglected to mention that the Houston article also was about vandalism of a statue of Martin Luther King. Why didn't you mention that? The King statue, in a black neighborhood park, was splattered with white paint, while the Columbus statue in another part of town was splattered with red paint. Both were easily cleaned by city workers. The decapitated statue was in Ohio and the statue represented a revolutionary war veteran. The head was stolen, so it was probably unrelated to Civil War statue removal.  In fact, none of the statues mentioned were related to Civil War Confederate heroes.
"Our own intellectual canon" comprised of British and American authors (Shakespeare, Harper Lee, and William Golding). Hmm...   So I guess by "our own" you mean white people. The only death rattle I hear is that of a weak and confused sense of privilege based upon the happenstance of your skin colour and citizenship at birth.   Expanding privilege beyond what has traditionally been the dominant culture does not erod Canadian culture, but rather it enriches and strengthens it. Let's not fall prey to the false dichotomy of them and us.
Well chaplin, I speak of this board primarily. And the generalized, nasty response to Ms. Khan. But when I read comments like yours, I see a claim of unfairness, and therefore fear. Rather than calmly realizing that, in fact, this claim is not accurate in this specific case or in a more general way.   People of colour are more marginalized, on average, than whites. They endure more discrimination and outright racism--there are many posts around this board demonstrating exactly that, if you need evidence. Thus, you make a false equivalence. White people are still on top in these parts. Males are still on top in these parts. We're not in the same social context as women or minorities!  Put more directly, I think we can take the hit, no? But there are a lot more consequences when "whites" decide to hit back. MS. Khan is learning all about that.   Again, all I see is people making her point for her. It's a bit astonishing really.
She looks like a white Charlo Greene.
Probably not, it would have been a bigger deal if it were a white/black scenario. That's just how it is, it's more socially acceptable to bash Asians. I can tell you from experience as an Asian-AMERICAN growing up in a tough West Coast Hood.
People think it is the "Trump-effect" that is driving the increase in racism. They don't get it. Trump is the result, not the effect.  I grew up in a multi-cultural environment. My best friends have been off all types of nationalities. I can easily be a minority in a group. I thought we were individuals until...  2016 the left took their agenda too far. Third-wave feminists, BLM and universities have blamed all white people for supremacy, told that their whiteness is a problem, told that it's ok to be racist against white people because it is not racism. Some may agree with that, but for many others, it's not ok. It's totally backwards thinking. And the stats show that. In 2009 only 34% of Americans thought race was an issue. Today it is 68%. This has been coined left regression.  The same hate has been on men. Yet women are preferred 2 to 1 for STEM positions. Women with no experience are getting 7% more pay.   Further we are being censored from even talking about it. We need to talk.
Riiiiiight.  There were no white nationalists in America before Trump.
Natives don't like non natives on their reserves, not even white guys  married to native woman. So who will do the water supply  maintenance since white guys wont' be welcome? They can't  fly the service  technician  in and out of a reserve isolated  in the bush everyday.  If they don't have natives trained,  ready and willing to look after on site machinery  and pumps now it is unlikely to change anytime soon.
Yet the whiter the skin (yes, even in Asia) the more powerful the person will be. What colour is Mexico's president? What colour are the Castros?
No secret Trump caters to the white supremacists he appealed to in order to win the presidency. And his numerous racist statement leave little doubt as to his own racism.
Slutvomit is not a white supremacist band. These allegations are unfounded.
...Until, like I just said, their "prized outcome" doesn't come through the way they want. Just look at the state of universities. This is why they invented the make believe term "white privilege".
Of course you can Gerrymander the Senate and the Presidency !!!  both are filled with Senators and Electoral College Votes from near-empty mid-western (white) states.    That is the reason California and New York super-majorities don't matter.
From the article:  "There is no evidence that the president harbors racist views."  What?  Is this obscure irony? Was the author in a coma throughout the 2016 campaign and the eight years preceding it? There is MUCH sickening evidence from the campaign and the birther movement that he is a dyed in the wool racist -- ask the rapist Mexicans, the biased Hispanic judge, the Muslim community including the Gold Star family, the African-American community.  Ask the Obama family.  Ask the millions of refugees and/or potential immigrants.  Ask anyone who isn't a rich white man, or a woman who ranks a 10 on DJT's hotness scale.  Anyone who hasn't recognized Trump's racism during the campaign or the eight miserable months since the inauguration is simply refusing to see him for who he really is.  There are no excuses remaining to characterize the truth about him, and that truth is ugly and completely contrary to a person holding the office of POTUS.
Still carrying a grudge against the British for the War of Independence, even after 240 years, aren't you? Yes, I had trusted the Federal government to protect me from the fascist right until Trump became president. No longer. I hope Hawaii will protect me from Trump and the Republicans by starting a state guard to block whatever Trump and the Republicans may try to do to impose their fascist policies here. Remember that there is no majority group in Hawaii, being a multi-ethnic state, and the whites are not the largest majority.
Trump made fun of women's appearances. He made fun of women's periods.  His infamous line: "grab 'em by the p****"   And despite all of this:  He won 53% of the white female vote  45% of college educated female voters  42% of women's votes overall  And 9 million more women than men vote in the US election.  Women had the opportunity to break the biggest glass ceiling in the world and vote for a female candidate that was also the globe and fail's preferred candidate as they have constantly reminded us after the election, but chose not to. The biggest whiners, Ms. Renzetti, are reserved for those who participated in the women's march the day after he was elected and could not accept the result of a democratic election.
If the shooter turns out to be black and the victims white, will the Globe continue "reporting" or drop the story?
So where was the ACLU when many clothing designers refused to work for Melania Trump ? They will speak against  a florist in Washington State for refusing service, why not against these designers ? Selective logic again ? Does a gay engaged couple deserve more Civil Liberty than Ms. Trump ? Does a white guy in Alabama deserve to be refused service by black workers in a Mac Donald's ?
Everyone contributed in the war effort. But the simple fact is, white folks did most of the fighting and most of the dying. In an extreme ironic way, Jim Crow turned whites into cannon fodder and kept the minorities out of the buzz saw of carnage. Few exception of course but in both World War I and World War II, white folks took the brunt of the losses, in both death and wounded. Of course, my father knew that and he pondered why whites weren't bringing back any Japanese POWs when by doing so, would saves their lives in the long run. Irony of a racial war!!
Does it matter "native" or "white"? He's a human being! He has rights! The 5th Amendment of the United States Constitution  states "NO ONE shall be "deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law"  This man is 72 years old, diabetic.. they duck tape him, drag him to a plane, where is due process in that? Shame on them! Shame on those who are sworn to protect us.. shame on those that are sworn to uphold the laws of this great nation..  of The Constitution of the United States of America!!! I say this not only as an American,  but also proudly as this 72 year old man's daughter!!!
"By not issuing an unqualified condemnation of white supremacist ideology..." The above is to what I was responding. I don't see a waffle there though there was one in a previous paragraph. Perhaps the RG editorial staff did you a disservice in choosing the header for your letter. As I see it, the Greatest Generation, and they were great too, fought valiantly against the Wehmacht. Prior to having Germany declare war on the U.S. this same generation did very little to fight Nazis or save their victims. It was only after Nazi atrocities were laid bare for the world to see and puke over, did that generation and later generations take a firm and significant stand against Nazism. "...my discussion centered on the ordinary Americans who actually fought the war -- our relatives -- not U.S. policies or the views of various political groups." I suspect that then, far more than today, U.S. policies reflected directly the personal policies of ordinary Americans. But that's just my guess.
"'any american is free to seek the 'right kind' of work'. yes, if you are white, you should have no problems" Oh brother - give it a rest. Are you stuck in the '60's? You're about 50 years too late to play the racist and "poor victim" card.  Preferential treatment for education and employment abound for all minorities. You do have to apply yourself, simple as that.
Discriminating against men and whites isn't news, but this is?
The author asserted that white men are the cause of daily violence against women and minorities, without any citations. Since the much larger cause of violence against minorities in this example, is other minorities, it is a relevant statistic to quote.  Black people in the US are 13% of the population, but are responsible for half of violent crimes, largely against their own people.  The media with its focus on advancing a chosen narrative and making money ignores the larger problem of black-on-black violence and  gives massive coverage to police incidents where black men were shot by police, without really investigating if it was justified.  If you have any statistics showing 'white male violence' so massively over-represented relative to population, feel free to share.
Mugabe is a hero to millions of Africans, because he stood against white colonialism, which was, indeed, terrible in many ways. Unfortunately, like many African dictators, he "colonized" his own country and brought it to worse poverty. Mugabe's is just another tyrant among many others who are devastating many African countries today.  Dr Tedros is of the same mindset as Mugabe, as a key member of the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which runs the Ethiopian government and silences its citizens through oppression, jailing, torturing, killing of doctors, journalists, academics, political opponents. Ethiopian diaspora questioned Tedros's credibility as WHO DG and his dubious political background, but WHO didn't listen. You can also read my own concerns here: http://www.thelancet.com/pdfs/journals/lancet/PIIS0140-6736(17)31360-0.pdf https://biochemdr1.wordpress.com/2017/02/04/questions-for-dr-tedros-adanhom-one-of-the-three-candidates-for-who-director-general/
As far as I can tell being alive can justify a police killing, if you are not white and have no $. What do you think about the innocent dead? Do you believe there are any innocent dead?
In Canada, we love to applaud our multiculturalism, now glorified as diversity. The image that is created is a nation of many all growing together. What we will not admit is that we are becoming a nation of ghettos, neighbourhoods/towns dominated by Punjabis, Hindi East Indians, Sikhs, Chinese, Arabs, etc. White neighbourhoods remain white neighbourhoods except for the few examples that qualify only as exceptions to the rule. Is there a glue, a unifying force that will hold it all together in the future? Is turning diversity into a secular sacrament [celebrating all religions, mind you!] the answer, when it is so obvious that our diversity looks more like walls than bridges?
Without seeing it in motion...just by the description it seems to say we are the same..WOMEN, white or black/brown etc.
Do you know if the prestigious National Golf Club of Canada allows women members yet? You could always set a fine example for others by setting up a picket line outside of those lush green fairways to fight for gender equality...sarcasm off-but "Canadian norms" have their little secrets on many fronts, we're far from lily white.
The mess Pope Francis is trying to avoid is schism from the authoritarian Catholics inhabiting the conservative traditional wing of the Church.  Had he clarified the issue of the Communion for the divorced and remarried he would have sent this part of the Church into orbit and right out the door.  In the interest of Church unity, he seems to feel confusion is better than clarity.  The truth is Francis isn't going to preserve the Church in the West with confusion about doctrine the majority of laity have already settled for themselves.  He needs to decide if the Church's mission is better served by his version of sowing ambiguity for the sake of the Burke's of the Catholic world, or biting the bullet and moving beyond the authoritarianism and black and white dogma the Burke's of the Church need for their own security.  If Jesus is the example we should follow, the decision is pretty clear.  We move beyond authoritarianism and black and white dogma.
I am not typically inclined to comment on news or reviews but I could not turn my back on this one especially as a customer and huge fan of BLAKE's. I was absolutely astounded by the harsh and unsubstantiated reviews of BLAKE'S by Mr.  Dan Clapson.  I am blessed to have had the opportunity to have eaten at many wonderful restaurants in North America and Europe and BLAKE has truely become one of my favourites.  The food is incredible, atmosphere is wonderful, the staff kind and the chef talented.  Mr.  Dan Clapson it is clear that you just don't get it, you don't get the concept of BLAKE's.  It is not a white table cloth, stuffy dining experience but that is not its intention. (Thank goodness, those are so boring).  Dan Clapson has misled you into missing an amazing dining experience while in Canmore. So from one foodie to the another, don't miss out, you will not be disappointed.
The problem for the natives is that the fix is not in.  The white people are still trying to find answers, and that is where the line is drawn.
The pResidency isn't about anything related to good governance. It's about tRump getting revenge for all that white grievance he and other old white men with inferiority complexes had while Obama was in office.    It's about trying to erase any and all things Obama, no matter how petty and insane it is to do so. Oh and grifting. Lots and lots of grifting.    BTW - tRump proves every single day he is in office just what a fallacy "white supremacy" is. Obama was easily 10x the president and the man that tRump is.
I remember why I haven't visited this site for many months now.  Thanks for pointing out that line specifically; it completely boggles my mind how people think its OKAY to be racist and sexist towards 'straight white men' now, as if every single white man living today is responsible for todays problems and all of history.    I also love how this author lists many of the desirable jobs that women will now be able to lead...what about dangerous, unromanticised jobs that men dominate these days?  There is a strange silence on calling on women to take those positions...  The mental gymnastics shown to justify why its okay to be RACIST and MISANDRIST would be funny if it weren't so scary at the same time.  I'm legitimately worried for my safety more and more as this dangerous rhetoric is being spouted with increasing frequency.  This isn't progress.
Sure, We all Know what happened at Bravalla, and what is happening other places in Europe. It doesn't fit the Authors pro migration narrative to talk but it. . And, Don't blame White, Swedish Males and culture for what happens at Swedish Music Festivals.. I say this because the Author references "White Males grievances."
The folks who are moaning and groaning the most over the loss of healthcare are those who also felt and still feel that Obamacare needs to be repealed because it was created by a Black president. "How dare he!" That is the sole reason. And most of them are poor whites in the deep south. That is the true America Trump found and hollers at during his rallies. For sure.
I imagine there were any number of white folks in Bismark supporting the Bundy clan in that clan's various protest actions,  but that those same folks are unable to see their way to supporting the Sioux at Standing Rock.
"Racists like Trump."   It's now racist to oppose kneeling at the national anthem?  This whole episode just shows that calling Trump a racist --- and the whole rhetorical device of calling your opponents racist --- is absurd.   *************************** " . . . disrespecting the nation['s] need to think about why anyone would feel compelled to take this action and subject themselves to so much abuse. . . ."    We know why they're kneeling.  It's an extension of the Black Lives Matter movement, which assumes that America and white people in general are fundamentally racist.  People who believe that forget that America has affirmative action, that American courts punish violations of civil rights, that cops who murder blacks are prosecuted, and that several instances where BLM calls a police shooting murder turn out to be justified killings.
"But that would mean changing its entire business model, which is, after all, to sell financial services to the poorest and most vulnerable members of society."  Is is morally wrong to offer services to poor people, or should these privileges, like cell phones and personal loans, be reserved for the wealthy.  Perhaps only for rich white people like the author?
You're cherry-picking facts you believe agree with your  opinion.  Can you state which president banned 'whole countries' based on religion?  During the Cold War, Jews were allowed in from countries where they were persecuted.  Nazis got through the screening by lying, and being white, got away with it.  You should be careful with claims that 'foreigners' have no Constitutional protections.  I stand by my statement: Judges know the Constitution much better than you.  They generally explain in writing the reasons for a decision, which makes for fascinating reading.
I hope she can repair the damage that the terrorist group BlackLivesMatter did. It took many years of hard work to get the police to attend Pride and one childish temper tantrum to create this mess. BLM wants to create division and hatred so their cause will remain relevant and they can keep claiming they are the "victims". Solidarity is certainly NOT their goal. BLM called Justin Trudeau a "White Supremacist Terrorist"......that is Hate Speech !
Capitalism has made the everyone better off- we are all Collectively richer and our standard of living as grown exponentially better because of free markets.  Bernie Sanders' school of economics: any and all small business must equal "corporate greed" and those who have no knowledge of starting a business or economics must know better than those who do. Norway is all homogenous, white, and places value on family and education. You must be racist for espousing we do the same.
Mr. Dunham wrote a pretty good article on Tsar Alexander II. But he forgot few things along the way. Freedom for the serfs, took a long time to get going even after the orders were given. Old habits died hard, just the way it was for freed black slaves in the United States. Also, blacks were enslaved by whites, American slavery was based partially on economic racism. In Russia, all the serfs were mostly whites, enslaved by whites so their slavery were economical exploitation in nature compounded by greed and power.
We are not like any other county, but the greatest country on the globe.  Other countries hate us because we are able to disagree with our President, knee during the National Anthem, or be lazy Americans (and by the way, we are already perceived that by the rest of the world). We have this incredible freedom and diversity in country, can't we strive to improve if for the next generation. Once upon a time in this great country of ours, only white males where allowed to vote.  It is a shame that so many based their moral foundation on sports and athletes and teach their children by point fingers at athletes. The problem is that they allow their kids to idolize these athletes (those you they can not control) as to raising them to idolize the parents themselves (scary concept). I find those who pay their taxes to be true Patriots, as defined by Merriam-Webster "one who loves his or her country and supports its authority and interests", over those who stand for the Anthem with beer in hand.
Your statement has some truth to it. But perhaps not all in the way that you intend it to. While white supremacists would certainly prefer a president who has nationalist leanings rather than a globalist or "progressive", your implied conclusion that Trump and his supporters are of like mind or sympathetic with Neo-Nazi's is a part of the problem. The fringe has been increasingly active since the election of Mr. Obama, and while his election as well encouraged many to feel "emboldened" most people want to have nothing to do with the violent minority who believes that bad behavior will force the hand of society.
There is no necessary injustice in registering Muslims, notwithstanding the constitutional issues that arise. Discussing this matter is a quaint past time until the number of dead and injured that a country suffers from terrorism reaches a certain point. Its a matter of the point at which one draws the line. When do you draw the line? When one of your children is murdered and another rape? Look at the horrific problems Europe is now facing. Will you object to registering Muslims at this point. What about the fact that the state has a Moral obligation to protect its people.Apparently you don't give a damn the dangers that white people, and other Americans face.   A democracy sometimes has to use extra-constitutional means to preserve itself. Lincoln suspended Habius Corpus and did many other things that were offensive to our democratic principles. It was justified!
I'd draw an analogy between the Chicago (and other major cities') drug trade, the cocaine trade in Columbia, and the opium trade in Afghanistan.  If we stop them, we kill the local economies and cause civil unrest.  White people in America are the ultimate primary customers who create the demand and high profit margins.  So, it's complicated.  The income the illegal drug trade brings into the black community in Chicago is good for the local economy.  But it comes at a high price in black lives that apparently don't matter very much.  Next man up.  We might ought to consider legalizing all drugs, stop taxing them, and take the high risk premium profit margins out of the business.  And let nature take it's course.
The guy in that picture isn't white, honey buns. Do you have your spectacles on?
The problem is the criminals have no money or are in jail,  yet a young girl lays in a hospital wondering who will pay her medical bills and her loss of job opportunities in the future because she is crippled. A court order for restitution is useless in a majority of these incidents.  She was just standing on a street corner or sitting in her living room when she was shot.  Meanwhile the NRA rakes in millions and does nothing to help her except thinking she or her parents should have been armed?  She sacrificed her life defending your version of the second amendment, yet you offer no compensation or healthcare.  She is no different than a soldier defending the constitution and the USA.  We need some type of national fund to help care for the innocent victims of gun violence, which number in the thousands, both old and young, black and white, male and female.  Who pays for this girl's medical expenses? I doubt the NRA will be doing bake sales to help this American hero.
I think the pictures of Trump with all white males are part of the "medium is the message". Also the phrase "a picture is worth a thousand words" is appropriate to consider.
A Bernie Saunders supporter was interview on BBC. He said the alt left prevented him from making a speech. He said, they called him white trash and he feared for his life. He also said some of them were throwing acid at random in peoples faces. In his opinion, the alt left is as despicable as the alt right....
As already known to everyone, you are in that deep Alaska ditch known as "yeah, blame the victims." No more, no less. You also sound like what my editor Mike Doogan would call "an old white guy."
900 on Felony Parole.  1,059 on Felony Probation.  Your reading comprehension skills could stand some improvement.  That is not  "9,000 ish"!  But, since you asked:  Black  7.7% of the Felons under supervision  1,019 Oregon Felony Probation 1,335 in Oregon Prison 1,126 on Oregon Felony Parole  White 80.3% of the Felons under supervision  13,594 Oregon Felony Probation 10,880 in Oregon Prison 11,570 on Oregon Felony Parole  The Hispanics are 8.3% of the Felons under supervision.    Would you like me to contrast that with the percentage of those populations in Oregon according to the census?   Hint:  The blacks exceed their proportional numbers; the Hispanics don't.   Of course, if an Hispanic is deported after being convicted/sentenced, they aren't exactly on parole or probation, either, so maybe those numbers don't reflect reality.
Paypal is canceling white supremacists' accounts and Trump's supremacist base is riled up.
White supremacist  always gives the benefit of the doubt to white supremacists, sees them all as individuals with redeeming qualities, while he lumps POC into one group. It's how the Trump train rolls. White people are seen as individuals by white supremacists and POC are seen as a dehumanized monolith.
5) Refreshing the CBC’s mandate with the new senior executive team to be appointed next year.  Yo can be sure there will be a diverse team of transsexuals, Muslims, women and natives but no conservatives and certainly no  white men. They  still won't create one TV show that Canadians in general will find amusing. Diversity of skin colour is our strength, but singularity of social and political opinion is the law. No...the CBC is not refreshing at all.
Yeah, murder is a pretty big deal.  Not one murdered on the other side.  White supremacist shot into a crowd too, and he was only just recently arrested.
'I'm not black, but there's a whole lotta times I wish I could say I'm not white.'   - frank zappa
Perhaps we have to look at this in short retaliatory succession following the Mining Charter, and as a mood creating precursor to the Mega Conference. Create a bigger mess (no matter the damage) that would provoke a huge reaction from the 'white monopoly capital' and thus elicit support for the 'cause', as defined by the propaganda. I am waiting for the third act.
It might make a better argument if these researchers illustrated the neighborhood location of these gun deaths. How do black or white people fare when their neighborhoods are examined? For instance - in Cherry Creek, do the % of black people killed by gunshots match that in Five Corners or East Colfax?  This article suggests that race is an agent of gun deaths. If that is indeed the case, then the relative percentage of gun deaths in these racial groups would be fairly uniform across neighborhoods.  Neighborhoods represent a host of other demographic indicators, so studying the death rate by race in these neighborhoods will let us know if race is the only or major factor.
I have worked with many hard working native Canadians who pay plenty of taxes. It's sad that you don't notice there are plenty of white people abusing public assistance just as there are many natives who work and contribute to society everyday.
Total whitewash of the language used in the white supremacist cults and you know it.   Conservatives don't use Nazi language nor carry animus toward non whites or non Christians.     Only extreme bias would whitewash the use of Nazi symbols and buy the total crap of white pride.   Our culture has always celebrated white accomplishment- but we call it American accomplishment.  I'm not celebrating racism, rape, genocide by anyone regardless of skin color.
Well, first off, Black Lives Matter is a hate group out to stir up trouble.  There are real problems with race in this (and in other countries), yet this group just does nothing to stir the pot.  As for who owns Pride, I thought it was for the gay community and our allies.  It is designed to be an inclusive event.  If you are LGBT or an ally, then this Parade is for you.  It doesn't matter to me if you are conservative, liberal, black, white, Christian, Muslim, rich or poor.  This is for us - people who are OK with being who we are.  Black Lives Matter is a hate group and is trying to splinter Pride.  If there are issues, and there very well may be with regard to race, then Pride needs to address it, but we don't need agitators to do so.
Many of these reader comments show the sickness in my fellow white people. Philando Castile was murdered. For all of you who are so intent on rationalizing this murder: if these were white people in the car, no way would a cop pull a gun if there was a 4-year-old white child in the back seat. But, in America, a child of color—not just an adult who is not white—is not seen as a person. Once again: no way would the officer have pulled a gun if the little girl in the back seat was white. Also, Philando Castile was stopped an inordinate amount of times over the years, because black men are targeted by police for traffic violations. It is harder for them to get jobs, and cities target them to make up finances because rich white people hide money in tax shelters. His death was just a matter of time, he had been pulled over far too often.
"Phobia" is generally defined as an irrational or obsessive fear of something so I would argue that the definition is not "fluid" as you say. More people have died in Canada from terrorism by white supremacists. Should we fear all white men?
As soon as you acknowledge that white people - especially in the U.S. - invented race in the first place in order to uphold and rationalize American slavery and European/White imperialism - the implications and effects of which are very much alive and well and obvious for anyone willing pay attention. Otherwise any "proof" is irrelevant. See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_rl4ZGdy34 for just one particularly poignant artistic statement on it.
Yes, if the person is white then t is racism.  If they point out racism from another group it is deflection.  Thanks for making my point.  You have just outed yourself  as a non-white racist.  Thank you.
When a Muslim terrorist acts, it is not representative of 99.999% of Muslims.  When a single white man commits an act of terrorism, there's a wide scale problem in society.  The double standard and the willful blindness in this day and age is just incredible.
Sorry but native men are not part of the inquiry.  They are specifically not included in the  search for who done what to who.  This is only an effort to find the highest ranking white people, RCMP police officers, school teachers,  or white politicians,  living or dead, to pin it on.
The exposure before the start of the of ANC's policy conference of the obscene packages that the directors of the main-stream banks have paid themselves plays right into the hands of those who are plugging the evils of "white (monopoly) capital".
Yeah and the Conservative white folks say there is no such thing as white privilege in America. Let this have been a group of Black men taking over a federal building armed with weapons and threatening violence. They would have been shot down within the first day.
Yes, go to that non-inclusive mostly white country of New Zealand. Just please keep your word and leave.  Too many people lied when they said they would leave America if President-elect Trump won.  Many people voted for him just because of those lies. Don't be another liar.  You are too good for that.
Wow, your post is downright ugly, I said none of those things, nor believe any of those things, I just think that I should have the same rights to stand up for myself just like anybody else in society and the fact that my skin is "white" should have no bearing on the issue, yet it seems to me that whites do not have the same rights as everybody else and that there is a concerted effort in society to marginalize us. Your post is quite ugly and claiming politeness is the height of hypocrisy.
You're confused.  Fascists are the ones wanting to tear the government apart and install their own system of white power.  Are okay with that brand of 'mandated thinking', where whites have all power over everyone not white hetero male?
I don't consider the term "typical white woman" insulting, and I am one.
> "...Our client denies any allegations and reserves the right to formally reply should same be  > necessary,” said Andre du Plessis, Manthata’s lawyer.  I bet this white fella wasn't participating in any white-arranged protest back in the ugly days...
'Republican' and 'Democrat' are just names, like 'Whig' and 'Tory'.  The party of Lincoln was called 'Republican', but the philosophy was that of today's 'Democrats'.  The 'Democrats' of Lincoln's day held a pro-slavery, white-superiority belief not consistent with today's Democrats.  What is more interesting is why you and others like you keep bringing it up.  What vague premise are you trying to prove?  Do you think it somehow makes white nationalism more palatable?
Whislt also denying others thwir 'lived experiences' by dismissing any anti 'white' discrimination or hardship/oppression as laughable. When millions of white people have been genocided, been refugees, been slaves, been mistreated by others by their own societies and abroad. People born in ww2 are still alive today. As children what privilege did they have growing up in war? They immigrated and many worked haed without complaint builsing rhis country.   No children should suffer, white or non. No people should be discriminated against but this casual sjw dismissal of whites and their suffering is silly and shows a serious lack of historical perspective and rarional thought.  All human societies have had winners and losers. Juat so happens europeans created the seeds of the industrial revolution first. But they are also the first to attempt to make amends and try and make more egalitarian societies. Many cultures/countriea are still ethnically cleansing (rohyinga) others today!
Are you serious? Millions of white people did say that exact thing to blacks; and things 100X worse! And he was one who handled it with humor and rose above it.   A man not to be admired? Muhammad Ali had more courage, class,, intelligence, and wit than 99% of Americans of any color.
Winning elections through trickery and the abandonment of long-held principles is what Republicans do. We Democrats are prepared to wait out this current insanity until the "little people" (as Leona Helmsley once called them) who elected Trump finally wake up to the fact that they've been duped. As for understanding these people, there's not much to understand: they hate all sorts of people who are different from them, only watch Fox News, like Archie Bunker pine for the good old days when "girls were girls and men were men," and when white men in particular ruled the roost. Trying to win over such people with the truth that Trump and the rest of the Republicans will not help them is an exercise in futility. Something that will undoubtedly win them over to our side, however, will be the repeal of the ACA and its replacement with higher costs for the very people Trump promised to help. When he reneges on that promise is when the tide will turn.
No we aren't discussing them both. Vegas was a one time mass shooting. Chicago has been a war zone go on now for eight to nine years. Where's the outrage over that length of time. Vegas was country fans, can we assume mostly white. Chicago shootings is black on black. Where's the liberal racial component? And the protest by the NFL players isn't about black on black killings, it's about white police and black suspect, not black on black shootings, because that doesn't fit the template. If Chicago is no worse the Vegas, then why hasn't there been any effort to control guns in Chicago? 59 killed in Vegas, a big deal, 39 killed in Chicago, over a weekend, not so much.
For myself, yes.  If you read my post, which happened before I read yours, you will see that I have a different take.  It's unfamiliarity, not racism.  I experienced the same thing as a white woman from California entering a village that was 85% native in 1982.  After about 5 years, they got used to my weird looks and even weirder ways. :-D
I'm reminded of the promotional spots for the CNN series, "Finding Jesus" which  "explores the groundbreaking science and discoveries that are revealing more about the life and times of Jesus."  Obviously, nobody has questioned who he looked: tallish, nice-looking white dude with carefully trimmed beard.
The point is not about who is more racist. The point is whose racism affects people more. A black person living in a ghetto could be racist, but that doesn't affect a lot of people. But a white manager hiring hundreds of people can hurt many people through racism.  Therefore, European discrimination has had a far stronger effect on world history, than Asian or African racism. If you look at anti-semitism, Europe has had it for two thousand years, culminating in you-know-what in the 1940s. Whereas the Jews were far better treated in the Middle East or India.
The name is real except you apparently don't believe in any names other than anglo-saxon.  Fits nicely with the rest of your white supremacist ideology.
I wish Father Reese had gone into why a majority of white Catholic men are for Trump. And what it says about the Catholic community in the US.  I fear that the racism and misogyny espoused by Trump play a great part.
The issue at hand in this debate is moral relativism.  Donald Trump, his supporters and his allies on the right, have put forward the suggestion that a white supremacist (that is: someone whose ultimate goal is the creation of a racially and religiously homogeneous nation) is no more or less offensive than people who oppose that concept.  The right wants to discuss whether this guy swinging a bat is any different than that guy swinging a bat, but they want to avoid a conversation about motivation.  My grandfather died fighting Nazis.  That's not a figure of speech.  The father of my father lost his life on a field in Europe fighting people with the exact same views that conservatives now defend.  We, as a society, need to decide where we draw the line.  I don't know how far conservatives in this country are willing to go, but right now... at this moment... they think Nazi values are worth defending, and that is something I cannot abide.  Ever.
There is nothing to retire, it's a fact. I am the same as your child born here from immigrant parents, I am a proud first generation Canadian from immigrant parents, like everyone here we were/are from immigrants at one point. Pendahoo is a racist, by saying Toronto is 52% foreign he means not white. I'm white btw and he's still a racist.
It's exactly as simple as I laid it out above. The usual suspects crawl all over the comment section of articles which detail crimes committed by black or brown Americans from the Metro area, tossing out all sorts of side issues, but the same isn't true on articles about white people who commit crimes in the Metro area. Because white people are seen as individuals and black and brown people are seen as a monolith.  This isn't hard to grasp and it's plain as day to anybody who looks objectively and who doesn't have a vested interest in perpetuating the unfair status quo.   Perhaps this isn't clear to you since frankly you are one of the usual suspects I'm referring to.
Harvey Blank - do you have a link t cabinet ministers travelling about calling white people racist?  You may recall T&R was reluctantly started under the previous government. This government may actually be serious about it.
Yes! Thank you! They don't like ambiguity or complexity, and conservative Christianity has all the answers in black and white and takes away thinking.
Funny, when minorities, women and gays vote as a bloc for Democrats it's hailed as people voting for their best interests.  When white people vote as a bloc it's a harbinger of dark times.
Obama never got more than 45% of the white vote. Facts have a liberal bias.
There've been gang problems in Anchorage ever since feral Europeans arrived here.  Research your Jack London if you don't believe me.  Yesterday's gang leaders, smugglers and inebriates are revered today as 'pioneers of the Last Frontier'.  Anything convince you that this process will stop just because current crop of newcomers aren't "white"?  Besides wishful thinking, I mean...
Niihau owners have preserved the Hawaiian way of life and their Hawaiian language.   For a white haole playing the role of a Hawaiian is not right at all - it's plain blaspherme by these hollywood picture against the Hawaiian people.
"A new breed of Republicans has taken over the GOP. It is a new breed which is seeking to sell to Americans a doctrine which is as old as mankind - the doctrine of racial division, the doctrine of racial prejudice, the doctrine of white supremacy". Jackie Robinson What I see today, the prejudice I see of the Muslim, The Need to say "Black Lives Matter", and think, how long ago did Jackie Robinson say this and it is true today.  What I read today, the need to rename a building, the letters to the editor, and all this happening now. Jackie was right.
I noticed that the good ol' white Chev did not get tased, arrested, or even questioned. What are chances that if the Chev had been black, it may have ended differently?
It doesn't take much of a spine to admit murder is bad and protesting is a person's right; nor to say racism is a bad thing or to play cover for Trump's lame attempt to dissemble and conflate white supremacists with those who oppose them. The only equivalence here is of the false variety and white supremacists are the primary offenders. Refusing to call them out is as shameful as it is predictable.
"Jordan described the resident who confronted the suspect as someone who would do anything for anyone. He said he watched the resident shoot at the suspect while taking cover behind a vehicle."  White lives matter.
What has any of that to do with anything, besides showing you simply don't care about terrorist attacks in the U.S. if the terrorist isn't white?
This is rather funny.  A meeting that will have no significance at all by the end of January, with the Democrats locked out of the presidency for at least the next four years, likely eight.  I can't help but feel this unimportant meeting was planned in advance of the US election, perhaps with Hillary Clinton instead of Biden.  I guess Obama should have kept his strategists home last year, or better yet listen to Bill Clinton when he warned that the Democrats needed the white working class.  Funny how the Liberals are using their Democrat connections for a lame duck last hurrah and endorsement of their useless carbon tax..
An apology is not enough as it is coming from a white colonial oppressor.  The only acceptable course of action is for the GG to resign and then leave Canada.  I don't think he should get the benefit of re-education camp like the CBC guy either.
Who are the "you guys" you are referring to? Just because someone supports law and order, free speech, and opposes Sharia law (which no one in their right mind should be in favor of) does not make you a Nazi/Neo-Nazi/white supremist/extremist.
Trump won't denounce David Duke because that would anger Trump's base of white nationalists.  That is Trump's "army".  Them, and almost no one else.  Trump has made his bed, and he will have to lie in it.
These people have obviously no empathy for the soldiers killed and the people without heads . Explain these Muslim only zones they want to introduce into Canada.  Many of these Mosque call westerners infidels which is racist bigotry . Cowardly Liberals will give in to sharia law. They are sacrificing white culture for their power hungry racist ways.
Democrat party told the moderate white male voters to shut up and just toe the party line. Great plan in theory. They were warned time and again that demanding total perfection would get you someone like Trump. No sign that the Democrats have learnt any lessons as they are still blaming everyone but themselves.
Actually, a second body was found on his property and he's admitted to five additional murders. He was busted for kidnap and rape as a juvenile and did 15 years. "Kohlhepp -- who is 5-foot-11 and weighs about 300 pounds -- had numerous guns on the property where Brown was found and a body was discovered, officials said." 7th Judicial Circuit Solicitor Barry Barnette told a judge at Kohlhepp's arraignment that the suspect appeared to have been target shooting on the land he owns near Woodruff. Discarded targets were found near a two-car garage. "He appears to be a very good shot from looking at the shooting that he did," Barnette said. He killed Charles Carver in front of his girl friend. He confessed to four killings at a superbike shop, 13 years ago.  Hmm. Angry white guy from Arizona and South Carolina. Gun nut. I wonder who he was thinking of voting for?
I have done that "little research" but the pivotal point was still slavery.  Specifically the power of the national government to prohibit slavery in the territories that had not yet become states. Then of course the refusal of the North to accept the legitimacy of secession. But history views it as essentially a battle between slavery and abolition and thus the message sent by celebrating southern war heroes in public places, is that they still believe in slavery. Add the marching of White Supremacists  and other racist groups to the mix and it is clear what the statues stand for, "White power".  And this is just provocative and unacceptable. No different that statues of Hitler would be  in Germany.
In the unionized steel mills my family worked in back east, white privilege took the form of occupational placement.   Black dudes worked disproportionately in shops with the worst conditions, lowest pay and least potential for move-ups. The coke ovens especially, where many guys developed respiratory ailments,--including a form of black lung--were a place where black workers typically broke in. I saw the coke ovens close up as a young electrician's apprentice, and they would have been a terrible place to work. After awhile, personnel wouldn't place smokers there because so many coke plant workers developed  serious occupational respiratory illnesses. Yet the workforce remained largely black men.  The men in my family worked in tin finishing and in toolmaking shops or other skilled trades. Wages were higher, move-ups more plentiful, layoffs less common, conditions less dangerous and unhealthful. My father worked  37 years in a skilled trade in a shop that was nearly all white.
I hate all racism especially anti-white racism, but I know how creeped out I feel when  the police are behind me on the highway.  I don't see BLM stepping up to the current African famine.  I am certain they will accuse white people of racism for not doing enough about it.  BLM will do nothing about it though.
Although WW2 was also started by a white male so it stands to reason a bunch of other white males ended up participating.
I'll take my chances with criminals and the government...it's white guys with arsenals that worry me.
Racism...is not uniquely a white feature, it is in all humans."  and Wente's column does point to that, too. It appears that people who belong to visible minorities also sometimes do badly on the test.  Just HOW they did badly wasn't explained, which leads my imagination (which I try hard to rein in--usually unsuccessfully) to wonder who the "minority" individual was prejudiced against--one of his/her own, or whites?
I just became a Cowboys fan, I believe I will buy me a jersey with Jerry Jones name on the back.   Maybe ESPN could require to go on a couple of days of ride alongs with the police in one of the hoods, she may get a slap of reality to what the real problem is.  Naw, easier to blame white men.
Was this gender gap among white Catholics present in the last presidential elections? It's hard to know if 38% of white Catholic women supporting Trump is meaningful without this information.
As long as we refuse to believe all lives matter, conflict is inevitable. The GOP has a long list of people they want to disappear. They remind me of the "good Germans" that never asked where the Jews disappeared to. The GOP is little more than a white identity death cult in the 21st century. Having survived  the Jim Crow days, I know this is a matter of life and death. The GOP base has made it very clear that they are more than willing to use 2nd Amendment solutions to solve their problems. Many think they can win a 2nd Civil War. Sessions swore he was not a racist. The 1st thing he did was tell police departments not to worry about killing minorities or the mentally ill, armed or not. Sadly, the Democrats are just the less murderous of the 2 parties. At least most of the people they kill are at war with us. Many of those people may have good reasons to hate us though. Most politicians can be bought at the right price. Profits have always mattered more than human life in this country.
Hire the best people regardless of race or gender.  Race and gender have no merit in relation to job performance.  I have to assume Google hires the best applicants available, just as any other successful business would.  Is hiring the most qualified candidate racist?  Only if the most qualified candidate is a white man.  Who is racist again? SMH
It's funny...  How quickly people like you play the race card (or accusations of) any time it suits you. Are you saying that RadirD was saying that it's possible that Hancock picked White because they are both black?  Even if it's true that Hancock DID pick White because of race, where's the racism? Do you even know the meaning of the word? Of course, now there are people (just like you) who will scream "racism" at MY post.  Or maybe you'll accuse the union of racism while you're at it? LOL  Get over yourselves!
We seem to be approaching a time when only sterile form letters of condolence can be sent and a time when it's accepted as prudent that recordings of all condolence phone calls between a president and the bereaved be preserved.  And sadly, I sense an unspoken glee by some readers that a white president dare not console a family member of color, or a family member presumed to favor a political party not his own.  We need to ask ourselves, is this what we truly wish to avoid or is this what we'd prefer to happen?  Frankly, it's getting hard to tell.  I can't help but be reminded of the old expression, "Cutting off the nose to spite the face."
The fact is white culture is the only countries in the world that have pressed for equality and freedom for all. Minorities, is what they claim, is untrue because these bogus minorities are the majorities in the world .
Seems to me, this cruelty serves your need to feel superior to others, to denigrate and impose cruelty because on innocent youth, who have a lot to offer our country. Seems to me that you think you're great because you won the "birth lottery," having been born white. Go news for ya, you're not any more special than the kids, maybe less so because of your racism.
You claim there's nothing offensive or false in your post. But where in this thread did Alceste say  "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" That seems to be your invention. A falsehood. And that I do consider offensive.
So...the prancing minstrels of the NFL who do the bidding of their white liberal overlords have managed to do to the NFL what injuries, concussions, drug addiction and early deaths could not do. So sorry...not. And whats next? Libs will, continue to hate football, but so too will millions who use to live for Sundays. T'hell with the NFL and the preening little nothings, and especially their owners and their coaches who tolerate such arrogance.
There were two statements in this presentation [ 1st by Fr. Gehring] that I would hope that other bloggers would comment upon:  "We have to grapple with the cold reality that a majority of white Catholics played a very decisive role in putting this man [Trump] in office.  That points to a deeper theological crisis at the heart of white Christianity."  Further on down [A. Sullivan] stated that today "there is a vast discomfort with the very fast-changing demography of America" and the fact that giving expression to the discomfort is forbidden...Likewise [Sullivan continued], it is forbidden to really acknowledge that the white working class, or the working class in general, are not just facing economic problems, they are facing economic apocalypse."    As far as white American Catholics are concerned, is there anything that the official church should be doing---that it has failed to do up until now?
How refreshing to finally hear a white male explain to accomplished women how to act and present themselves. We women really need to do more to fit into the paradigm defined by men. Ladies, please just try to speak their language and adjust to align your accomplishments to their value sets! Just stay quiet when it comes to authentically explaining the territory and breadth of your work (its honestly and inconvenience and a bit of a time suck to hear about it... and men certainly don't need to take the information being shared and marinate on it for a moment to see if they might actually want to adjust their narratives). Trust this guy, he has credentials! Never mind that WOMEN in the audience of these types of events might appreciate the family and parenthood context and consider these stories outstanding. Shift your stories so the men can be more comfortable please!
"Black-clad antifa thugs — they don’t deserve to be called protesters — descended on Berkeley, Calif., last weekend with the intent of committing violence and silencing free speech. In doing this, they aligned themselves with neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other extremists on the far right who also embrace hatred and savagery."  For once I agree with RG  "they don’t deserve to be called protesters"   Antifa should be called what it is, which is just more of the party of democrats and it's members.
Notice how they shift the narrative. Conservatives are suddenly rebranded 'Neo Nazis' and 'White Supremacists'. Antifa, which has been causing trouble for years all by itself, is suddenly rebranded as 'Counter-protesters' and 'Nazi resisters'. Anyone who doesn't go along with being 'avenged' on by a black garbed, masked, armed and shielded Antifa is suddenly rebranded a 'Trump supporter'. Nice try, W.E., we know who the real Nazis are.
This is not Canada ...with a bunch of « Loyalists » Orangemen.   There is no place for a bunch of Ku-Ku-Klowns in Canada. In the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an English  three Canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization Anglo-Saxon,  WASP equivalent to the United States ("White Anglo-Saxon Protestants").  Four members have been Prime Ministers of Canada,  Sir John A. Macdonald (father of « Canadian Federation » of 1867 but not « Father of Canada » which is Sir Samuel de Champlain in 1608 ),  Sir John Abbott,  Sir Mackenzie Bowell (a past « Grand Master » (?)),  and John Diefenbaker.   In 1927 the “Orange” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group, the Canadian Ku Klux Klan, which had its deepest roots in small towns in Saskatchewan because of the "yellow peril", but also because of the blacks...Jews...Catholics...
"Anybody who speaks of racism obviously just hates white people - because we're incapable of logic otherwise it's just hate. Any attempt that we make at inference is really just conjecture."--Logic dictates that accusations and claims have to be backed up with evidence, which is a requirement for inference to take place.  Simply saying, "Well, they were obviously using racist slurs during the game because their school mascot is a confederate rebel!" isn't inference, it's the epitome of irrational argument.    "Seriously, if you're a working class person we're in the same boat anyway...stop already."--No.  If you're going to accuse high school kids of something heinous without ANY actual proof whatsoever (the one African-American kid on WC's team even stood up for his teammates when asked about it by the press), I don't give a rip if we're in the same economic class or not.
Fake written all over it.  ADN (and their MSM herd) will "billboard" an alleged racial dustup (provided the victim isn't "white"'t isn't a "white") will  keep that "story" in the limelight for weeks.  When facts say otherwise, no retraction, no correction.  It's  nary a peep, nothing to see, move along.    Look up the race baiting Anchorage Bridge Builders organization.  Mike Maud or Maad.  Faked his own "hate crime".  In fact, google fake hate crimes.  From Tawana Brawley onwards...this is what happens when political strategies create victimhood.
It's your buds over at Stormfront, "Lars."   Join Date: Oct 2013 Location: Germany Posts: 3,616 Freedom lover has disabled reputation Portland: Two stabbed to death on train while protecting Muslims I like it. Two incidents in one day reported here on SF of people reacting to the encroaching menace of islam'.  First, the guy who tore up the koran, and now this warrior who defended American cultural norms. Are we seeing the beginning of an uprising against the plague of islam, an uprising which will spread like wildfire into white lands in Europe? Hell, I hope so. Remember, it isn't always the German's who have to take the lead in pro white matters. I hope this time the first dawn of resistance emanates from the world's superpower, the USA   And: RONA Renegade posted: Forum Member Video of Jeremy Christian righteously pi$$ed off White American at a Free Speech rally.  Christian was described on Stormfront as having "defended himself" from his "three attackers."
Also, how he developed to have a very low esteem of women; which he apparently learned from his father passed on to son. While in school, his father would provide young women who always looked just like models from the head on down. This would continue even through his three marriages. That's why everyone in the Trump family and I mean everyone has to look like models in every which way. All learned from his fathers life style; White Supremacy to the max.
Snowflake-in-Chief Twitler was extra-triggered on Twitter again this morning, …no doubt because his angry white boy base is still pissed off about the DACA thing.
Dennism, do not feel guilt about your words of criticism.  It is right & just to critique anyone who teaches that people should discriminate & oppress any group of people.  Our Pope's stand on this issue is immoral just as if he had said that it is ok to keep black men from priesthood because of their skin color, as Jesus was a Jew, a white man.  Our church also allowed black slave ownership.    The pope himself admitted that popes are not perfect & that he considers himself a sinner.  He is correct.  So are we all sinners.    I would critique your comment because there is just no feminine equality avenue.  We are equally man - men and women, per God, in Genesis & Jesus does not state that men and women are different creations but one creation & not a creation anymore or less complimentary than black men & white men.  Ordination has nothing to do with gender by the sacrament's obligations.  God could have made us physically incapable-He didn't.    I love Pope Francis but this is error.
Every politician would throw everybody under the bus to stay in office. Gay, straight, trans, black, white, purple - they don't really care about anyone as long as they get to stay at that trough. No term limits, special retirements, special health insurance the list goes on and on. Do you really think they care about YOU?
Well written Richard,  but unfortunately very binary.  Can one be fairly well-off  and not be a flippin snake?  I can sketch another experience.   As a student in early 80's I cracked ribs and broke fingers (mine & others) protecting boesak & tutu from the broederbond thugs on campus.   This left one untouchable in state/corporate SA in 80's & 90's : clearance failed.  After 94 I became untouchable in a different way : white afrikaner males without broederbond (stellenbosch and pretoria mafia) connections in high places had no chance of corporate or senior state jobs.   So the few that stayed sometimes did their own small biz and did well despite the best efforts of big biz.  But now apparently we are STILL unwelcome arseholes, because we are 'rich' on merit!  first too liberal, then too white, now too succesful.   What next:  taller than the masses, not fat enough?  being anti-meritocracy is where we all go off a cliff
"So, if I, a white Christian male, wore a face mask around town all day, that would not be considered weird? And make people uncomfortable?"  "This makes me uncomfortable" *is not a sufficient reason* to make something illegal.
You've clearly identified yourself as a "freethinker" white supremacist.  Local chapter?
And the 'white supremacist' meter has been pegged in Alabama for 200 years. So what's your point? Both are states.
Re:  Bp. Blanc  So, in an article about African American history, the bishop's last name is "white"?  You can't make this stuff up.  :)  RE:  Richard Allen - - we were reading about him and I think some of his sermons in a book about about African American abolitionists for our homeschool curriculum recently.  Really powerful and moving.
There are 18.5 white cops killed by blacks for every black killed by a white cop. Yet that statistic seems to matter little to members of BLM.
Author, contrary to Nyaniso and Nhlanhla Dlamini, I do not believe you brave nor insightful, but stereotypical and an indulgent navel-gazer.  As you say, you are fair of skin, long of hair and short of memory: I have none of  these - you do not speak for me. Factually: 1. A very myopic piece in complete ignorance of the privations and contributions of Indians during apartheid - where is the insight? 2. Black-on-black racism was encouraged during apartheid.  Read about the 1949 Race Riots. You have offered no insight into the division either 3. My "superior education" came from teachers who couldn't afford to become doctors/ were kicked out university. 4. I am a Gen-X. I participated in the boycotts against the Tricameral Parliament (where were you??). I have employed white and Black-African people in the business I run without the benefit of affirmative action or BEE. We use the same loos, the same crockery and eat the same food. Why, oh why, would you set us so far back???
Hate doesn't encompass only white people, has everyone forgotten Rwanda, the Armenian genocide, Japan on China etc. etc there are zealots on every side. If you want to hate it's your prerogative you'll always find someone who agrees with you, it's not a white thing although it's easier to blame the white man for transgressions.
You look for offense where none was intended.  If someone says proud to be white, to me that sounds racist.  If someone says proud to be Italian, that's celebrating a particular culture, which there is nothing wrong with.  Proud to be white sounds like proud to not be a person of color.  Proud to be Italian invokes an image of a unique culture, not a skin color.  That's the way it hits me.  But maybe you think someone white shouldn't be allowed to celebrate living.  Whites should get up and apologize to the whole world for existing.  Let's try to get along instead of being divisive.
Thank you Ward: that was a wonderful Ali interview! What a great guy, brilliant and funny. What he said, of course, absolutely is true, in its day. Black men walking around with white women were in grave danger in much of this country (still are, in places in the S and W…).  With the destruction of the black race (drugs and incarceration) and identity that took place in the 20th century, a "black is beautiful" message was a wonderful one to focus on. Black Muslims were law-abiding, brooking no criminals in their church. No drinking. You may wish to note that, until very recently, Catholic priests STRONGLY urged catholic boys NOT to propose to non-Catholic girls. Aren't you outraged? Same with Jews: intermarriage is frowned upon, though, unlike Catholics, a woman really can't become a Jew in traditional sense.
"The population of gray whales in the eastern part of the North Pacific Ocean — including the Bering Sea — is considered healthy and as of 1994, was no longer considered endangered"   According to the article it is not an endangered species.  Only thing preventing natives from hunting gray whales in their area is rules white man made after white man wantonly killed off most of gray whales in this world.  Only people wantonly killing wildlife that I see is white man who kill trophy animals for their walls with no consideration for rest of the animal.
Per the Radford University FGCU Serial Killer Database:  From 1900 through September 4th, 2016, 51.7% of (known) US serial killers were white (per-decade range 30.8%-78.3%) and 90.8% (per-decade range 69.2%-90.6%) were male; n = 4,734.  "Numbers don't lie.  I'd rather have 0 serial killers than risk having ANY."  Wa'al-Salaam alaykum.
From West Virginia to Michigan and every other state, people are rising up against a Congress and a White House that wants to codify economic inequality and structural racism through the federal budget. We are rising up against a government that wants to steal the dreams of Dreamers and the hopes of millions of other people who want the federal government to be at their side, not in the pockets of the 1 percent. We will be mobilized against this budget, and mobilized for a budget that actually reflects the priorities of all of us, not just Trump and his gang of white nationalists and oligarchs.
They are extremists to the left as well, which is why President Obama authorized using drones to kill them. Are Tom McVeigh and Dylan Roof your freedom fighters?  The extremists who took over the NRA were a bunch of racists who were so fearful of black people moving into their communities and neighborhoods after the Civil Rights Act was passed that they needed to arm themselves to the teeth. The NRA is still a racist organization as they didn't protest about that black driver who had a concealed carry permit being shot to death by the police. If it was a white driver, they would blow their top.
i'd hate to see the heavy handed janet reno approach. many children died in that hot mess of chaos - i don't think anyone alive knows the whole story of waco...  .  this pipeline is strongly opposed by the local native american tribes who have rights to the land.  that were pushed onto to it after being pushed out of a different land deemed worthless by the whites. in a previous uprooting. as soon as the land became significant for what ever reasons - push those native settlers out again. i think they have a point.      care needs to be taken, and err on the side of wait them out passively.   to stop what looks to be ugly - i say lay siege - 100% tight. jam cell phones and stop all internet connectivity. cut off supplies. allow no one across the line unless it's someone coming out- not like the so called border around the occupiers at malhuer - cut it all off. make voluntary surrender the only option -no aggression from the feds or anyone else.
The Elites owning slaves made life miserable for the general population, just like illegal immigration does today. How does a free man compete with a slave? The 'Cracker' as they were called often lived with less than black slaves did and many parts of the south white are in the same economic situation as blacks.
If you are willing to stand side to side with White Supremacists to express your view you should likewise be okay with being identified as doing so.  Are these people ashamed of their actions? If so, why are they participating in the first place?   If you are proud of your participation you will not be concerned about being identified.
His insistence on rolling back regs and returning government land to the states.  His desire to enforce laws.  His seeing that there is hate on both sides of the political debate.  His seeing that there is racism from minorities as well as whites.  His ability to speak bluntly and truthfully.  His distaste for political correctness.
Millions of men, women, and children were murdered in concentration camps during World War II, tens of millions were killed during the war never mind the devastation of homes, businesses, farms, and factories.  Must have been that magical “white privilege” that that rebuilt Europe after the war in a single generation !!!
"Eighty-four percent of Americans have heard or read at least some news about the last week's racially tinged violence ". Tinged?  When the shooter says I want to kill white people, especially white cops, it is focused, not tinged.
salon.com/2016/12/06/fairs-big-play-onetime-fringe-group-hopes-to-drive-donald-trumps-immigration-policy/ … Sessions was the keynote speaker at FAIR’s 2007 convention. FAIR basically wants to end non-white immigration.
Oh,? They do, eh? Guess this young WHITE man doesn't count...   Fresno police Chief Jerry Dyer on July 13 released officers’ body camera videos from the June 25 fatal shooting of Dylan Noble. Police have not identified the officers, citing concern for their safety because of threats. The videos are each nearly 15 minutes long, starting with the officers’ encounter with a woman who reported seeing a man with a rifle and continuing through the shooting.   The video, which you can see for yourself below, shows Dylan Noble — a 20-year-old white man — repeatedly ignoring officers’ demands that he stop moving back and forth at a gas station parking lot and show his hands before officers fired their weapons. Noble had been stopped for a traffic stop.
Wasn't his mother Caucasian?
Funny about all the shows that seem to promote leftist causes that come out of this "all white boys club"
jb junes, 'the university stands firmly committed to providing a safe and inclusive work and learning environment...'. isnt that what the lady is saying? maybe some of the differences we see in our own society, even here in hawaii, is that too many minority kids are being taught by white, christian males who, like everyone, inserts their biases into their teaching. there are exceptions. too few though. nothing will change overnight but it is time to begin the process. yale took 315 years to discard dead white poets from its english major requirements. there is hope for UH. http://news.yale.edu/2017/03/30/new-english-major-requirements-are-more-flexible-diverse
Says the leftist that doesn't want me to:  -drink too large of a soft drink -own guns -say anything politically incorrect -say anything remotely pro white -criticize anyone that isn't a white cis gendered male -burn coal -drive a car that gets poor fuel economy -smoke -use incandescent bulbs -honor god  Yeah, sure.  It's us "evil white conservatives" that are the control freaks.  I don't see conservatives trying to ban leftist websites.....but the leftist ADL and splc does everything in their power to shut down websites they disagree with.
Slavery was "what the Civil War was about"?  If that's the case, it would have happened decades earlier.  Slavery didn't suddenly appear in the 1860s.   "Freedom" for northern blacks was a comparative situation--compared to what blacks endured in the south, pretty darn good. Except...well, life was good, they were tolerated, as long as they "knew their place."  I.E.: don't dare try to court my white daughter.  Don't dare try to start a newspaper or many other types of businesses.  Don't dare try to become a teacher or doctor or...  In New York City, thousands didn't care about slavery--what they cared about was NOT going to war about it--or anything else. Staged riots to avoid "the draft."  Slavery became a northern "rallying cry" as the war progressed.  It was heart-felt, but make no mistake, the war waged because the north wanted to preserve the union; the south wanted to secede --become its own country. Even the northern rank and file called southern troops "secesh."
White, black, I'm not clear what group I'm in - what % of black or white blood do I need to have to be considered to be part of that group?  Or is it a particular shade of skin?  I don't have the foggiest idea what you're talking about until we define precisely which group each one of us fits into.  I'll stand by for your answer, thanks.
"The term 'white supremacy' has a redundancy. There is no need to use 'white' because only whites, European Christian whites, in particular exhibit racist supremacy. No other race in the world has it."  Actually, you might want to take a look at this:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_slave_trade  "The Arab slave trade was the practice of slavery in the Arab world, mainly in Western Asia, North Africa, Southeast Africa, the Horn of Africa and Europe. This barter occurred chiefly between the medieval era and the early 21st century. The trade was conducted through slave markets in these areas, with the slaves captured mostly from Africa's interior."
Charlottesville video surfaces showing white supremacist shooting pistol at protester
The RG had the video from Mr. Castiles girlfriend on the homepage for the entire day. Fact: More white males are killed by cops than blacks and it never gets the same attention in the media as when a black person is killed. Bad cops don't care about the color of your skin, they are just waiting for you to say something or do something  so they can take action against you.
The fact is that unthinkably huge reparations were and are being paid to holocaust survivors. Post-WW2 antisemitism "fell out of favour" among whites, because of sympathy for the new settlers in Israel. This was true until the role of  Jews in the rise of  communism became more widely known, not to mention the various oppressive policies by Israel against the Palestinians,. But please, I don't want to open the Pandora's Box here.
Referring to a response from Judah when asking what metric he would watch. So far the only person who has mention one was GRHV.  "angry white people" "doesn't have any ideas" "constant stream of petulant, boastful tweets" "skies could also be darkened with flying pigs"  There's your specifics :-)
For the same reason that the majority of Bernie Sanders supporters are white.    Those Sanders whites would just like to see a northern European liberal socialist style government, rather than a more conservative free market system trumpeted by Trump.    Many Sanders socialists and Trump types want to live in what could be call a WASP based culture. (White Anglo Saxon Protestant).  This is the culture that middle class America was built on.  Other groups around the world have adopted it or are similar to it in many aspects.  Japanese for example, live intermixed very well with WASP culture even though the Japanese tend to be xenophobic.  It is not race, it's how people want to live and what they value.    Many people don't support Trump because (besides the bias in the media) there is a cultural divide in American society.  It is very real, but it is not a race based divide nearly as much as it is a "way of living" divide.  And of course the establishment pits one race against another.
BLM marches through our streets demanding dead cops.  Totally unacceptable.  BLM has started riots, murdered police officers, burned property.   BLM is a hate group.  Justifying them because a couple cops have done bad things is like justifying the klan because a few black people have murdered white people.
JeleMixtli,    Somewhere in America there's a white man resolving to boycott Hollywood war movies.    There is still hope for the planet.
Poor little Johnny.  Broom Hildary and Bubba Bill are never going to be President and a Shadow President despite the mainstream media libeling Trump and covering for the Clinton's  multiple felonies. On January 20th, 2017  Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States.  President Obama will resume his community organizing domestically as a race hustler to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even paranoid of white people in order to keep them on the Democrat voting block as a dependency class.  And he will go on the speaking circuit internationally badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming.  And he will get filthy rich doing all this. And last but not least, FOXnews and O'Reilly will be rate number one.
Mad Max Maxine Waters lives in a 6,000 sq ft 4.1 million dollar home...In a community that is 94% white and not in the district she was 'elected to serve'...You would call that neighborhood unsegregated and other terms to get your posse on board...How does that work Maxine? You've never owned a business or had a real job other than being a senator and they don't make that kind of money. Also, how about forcing some section 8 housing into your neighborhood the way you try to do to hard-working middle class neighborhoods. You are absolutely criminal and
Didn't know being a Nazi or White Supremacist or their sympathizer is considered being a "winner". Are you man enough to declare you're not one of them?
And "people of colour" have their own racisms - often against  themselves. It is well known that in many black societies people spend small fortunes on creams that will lighten their skins. What else is this if not internalized racism against their own blackness? In Africa there are plenty of people whose attitudes towards whites is racist too.  And everyone knows that teh Chinese consider themselves superior to the other races. Just because one is on the receiving end in N America doesn't mean that one is not guilty of the same prejudices - against oneself and in reverse.   Why should blacks be immune to racist attitudes themselves? Are they not human?   If you prick them, do they not bleed?
I'm guessing the White student task force doesn't exist.
The 'Sunday" comment has to do with the 'white' churches and the 'black' churches.    Baptists in particular seem to separate themselves like that.  Of course, anyone who has ever been on active military duty notices that voluntary recreational segregation happens in all the clubs; particularly  in the EM and the NCO clubs when there is music.   RAP and Country Western just don't seem to mix!     The New Yoricans tend to self-segregate there as well.    The O-Clubs don't seem to do that.   Or the Senior NCO Clubs.
George W. Bush Brought 911 to America Obama divided our people and destroy America.Our country a black and white issue.. America s near a end.  (wherethenewsis com)
Absolute nonsense.  Where do you get this stuff? Trump has as much to do with White Supremacy  as Obama with radical Islamic terrorists.
I am told that years ago sovereignty crazy Haunani Trask threatened to commit terrorism againt Asian and White tourists to further her imaginary cause.  She was a citizen of Hawaii and never spoke for many or any Hawaiians.  Terrrorism comes in many guises and from many places hon.  The bomber in manchester was a british citizen born there and fully a Brit.
Education will not change systemic racism, and about all the Civil Rights Acts, and Brown v. the Board, did was change the complexions, slightly, of the people who run the system.  The system is still shaped and determined by racism, especially white supremacy.  I'm drawing on a very specific definition of "racism" here; what you're talking about is "bigotry", and I agree that force can't make people not be bigots. However . . . law--if defined as codified force--can keep bigots from exercising power over despised persons. When bigots have power, that's racism.  Bigotry is personal; racism is social. Only the latter is illegal.
White supremacy has always trumped religion in this country. Of course, they elected the original birther. Never mind that he has broken every one of the 10 commandments and brags about it. BTW, he never apologizes to anyone, including Jesus. They decided the moral thing to do was join forces with Nazis and Klansmen.
OK, I'll state the obvious against my better judgment. An infinitesimally small proportion of white men participated in this silly and innocuous protest and Ms. Renzetti writes a screed about white men collectively. This is unfair and, were it to be applied to just about any other minority, would not have been considered acceptable. Let's at least be forthright about the nature of the cheap rhetorical tactics in use here.
The  'war' against fentanyl reminds me of the opposition to the Vietnam War that only grew into a  saintly cause when the  Ivy League white boys started getting drafted and deployed to the Mekong Delta. When  rich brats start dying instead of street addicts, all of a sudden it is " all hands on deck".
.  "The original thought behind the chant is that no-one should be above the law."  -  I'm impressed that you have such insight into the minds of those who started this vile smear.  Liberal democracies could use someone of your prescient ability to read the minds of its white nationalist opponents.
Are you a white supremacist, Martel?
I see. At least you didn't call them white supremacist fascists...As far as trust goes though, they show a heck of a lot more journalistic integrity than the Globe. You cant fake that.
Real Americans? You mean white men,right?
I read a truly interesting one the other day. . The reason poor whites don't want "Obamacare" (even though many use it) was that they want the old healthcare they had - the healthcare that came with a job. . The USA is unique among western countries in many ways, and one is that the population is conditioned to believe that taking anything from the government, means you are one of "those people" - blacks, the down trodden, etc. Taking government healthcare, means you are now one of them. . It is another example of what John Steinbeck once said : . "Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires."
How can that be? Didn't white supremacists and sympathizers elect him? And elect a majority of Republicans in both houses? And most statehouses? And most governors? No, you must be wrong.  Most of the country are white supremacists and sympathizers.
So far as what you call "white guilty man" comments, nothing like a little ad hominem attack.  You respond to nothing measurable that I discuss, but instead rely on a creative label that grossly misrepresents my views.   Your worldview is too small to grasp what has occurred, is occurring, and what it all means for the future.      Bad things happened . . .    Man, that's deep.
Overall, Hispanics vote 75 Democrat, and 1st and 2nd generations vote 85 to 90 percent. Asians vote Democrat by more than 80 percent, and blacks vote 90-95 percent Democrat. California is a minority white (non-Hispanic) state. Sadly, California has become and will remain a blue state.
Mr. Paul, you may not have noticed but we have ALWAYS had 'political movements powered by white supremacy.  They have always had DEFINITIVE political clout--specifically, state power--throughout this country's history, and have dominated us politically, economically and socially pretty much since the USA's inception, and have shaped our institutions.  This ongoing "social disease" has always expressed itself across the board in US domestic and foreign policies, and continues to do so to this day.  And it has deleterious and dangerous impacts on my family, and families like mine, significantly more than on those who can afford to look the other way.  We can't.
This is 2 white kids that shot the homeowner as she opened the door because. Her son was the intended target because he sold these boys dope earlier that day. If this was in the news why wasn't this article updated? The judge set their bail at $500,000 and she isn't charging them yet because "the victim has zero percent chance of survival".  They did not specify what the motive could have been.  Just goes to show thugs come in all shapes and colors. This woman's son got his mother killed. She is only 40. Disgusting behavior. I am guessing they are not releasing the son's ID because he may be underage. Not sure about that, just my guess.   Drugs put everyone around them at risk. It is simply NOT worth it.
The posts are laughable from some folks who somehow (?) support having public schoolteachers feeding twelve-year-olds with the "white privilege" indoctrination.  One of those posts, you can find above, was from a white guy who stepped forward to proclaim emphatically that OF COURSE he is the benefactor of "white privilege", emphasizing he has privilege coming from "being born into a middle-class family that spoke English well and that ensured that (he) got a good education."  Um, hello?  There are millions of families in Canada and the USA who are NOT WHITE who can say ALL of those things: Black families and families with ancestries from Japan, India and China, for example.  But see, there's the rub: Where is the Ontario teacher busily indoctrinating kids with the message that blacks in the West are privileged, or that Chinese-ancestry folks in the West are privileged?  Answer: There ARE no such teachers.   Only whitey gets singled out for the smear job.
That's great, except the OP didn't make that argument. He said black people murder more than whites. Not true.
So the government, citizens just roll over to those doing the violence? The man who drove his car, who is NOT part of Unite The Right, and now these violent protesters who cover their faces? We are allowing this to snowball.   Like with Robert E. Lee, these protesters (namely Antifa, Black Lives Matter) do not care to know the facts of just who it is they are fighting.  --- Unite The Right-Jason Kessler [...] The nationalist blogger maintains his group is not a collection of white supremacists, but rather a “civil rights group.” He said he graduated from the University of Virginia, voted for Barack Obama in 2008 and once attended an Occupy Wall Street rally in Charlottesville....Kessler said the organization’s funding came from “donations to our PayPal account, before it was shut down.” Now, “we fund ourselves, because most of us have or used to have jobs, before this.”  Jason Kessler, Charlottesville rally organizer, says he's in hiding- ABC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcmR2u312Gg
Of course, her proposal is absurd. Nevertheless the point should be well taken. UH is managed and with faculty that has too many white guys and not enough of those actually representing our community. Why that is, and how to actually do something to make it right is where the thought needs to be.
I believe Canadians are over funding Indian services. It is a fact that Canadians pay more to a perfectly able-bodied Indian than we do to a white disabled person. Indians are also triple dipping on services in our cities. They get their welfare head to the city spend it and then get more from Canadian's services . Indians are taking way more than reported.
"Yet a common perception is that racism is worse than ever."  -------------------------------------------------------------  Is it really a common perception?  Those of us who have actually lived since the 1950s must surely recognize that racism has been pushed back into a corner.  That was back when first nations people couldn't vote, Asians were barred by statute from entering the professions, a "mixed marriage" was a Protestant marrying a Catholic, and every parliament and legislature was uniformly white.  And almost entirely male, for that matter.  The struggle's not over.  But "worse than ever?"  Is that what most Canadians believe?  I think I'll need to see some polling numbers before I'll swallow that.
Sorry this is reality..... State of Georgia implemented one of the hardest immigration laws in the country and most illegal immigrants moved out and when they did the farmers had no workers to pick the tomatoes in the field they tried hiring the white boys most of them lasted half a day all of them quit by the end of the day how much do you think it's going to cost for your produce when you have to pay somebody $12 an hour instead of $1 per bag..........
I know this article isn't about the US election but it's worth mentioning:  Trump made fun of women's appearances.  He made fun of women's periods.  His infamous line: "grab 'em by the p****"   And despite all this:  He won 53% of the white female vote  45% of college educated female voters  42% of women's votes overall  And 9 million more women than men vote in the US election.  Women had the opportunity to contribute towards breaking the biggest glass ceiling in the world and choose the globe and fail's preferred candidate. They chose not to. If you're talking about big whiners Ms. Renzetti, it's reserved for those who participated in the women's march the day after Trump was inaugurated and could not accept the result of a democratic election.
What you'll never accept is that you believe a lie. The GOP has and does accept that this nation is diverse. The only way the DNC wins is to lie. Lie about the GOP being racist. Lying about the southern strategy. I am no white and a member of the GOP.
Bilingualism is a requirement for future judges, all of them.  By your point, all of our future judges should be non white.  I'm not disagreeing that there should be visible minority representation but that person would likely have to be trilingual, and in this instance from atlantic Canada.
WEALTHY Kentucky Women will ALWAYS be able to obtain abortions from other U.S. States or abroad. Poor women will either raise children they don't want or practice DYI attempts to abort. Adoption is nearly impossible since a majority of Americans want healthy infants that are Non WHITE, preferably  ARYAN in appearance.
The pipeline debate is a good example how our country now works. We have become a dysfunctional greedy country who has lost it's national vision. We have forgotten what has made us prosperous and are no longer nation builders. Our provincial leaders have no vision except to line their own pockets largely due to their complete mishandling of the public purse and their petty insular views.  In our quest to make amends for imaginary crimes of colonialism and the fashionable remorse that forces our politicians to shed the white man's guilt by ignoring treaties and giving undeserved powers to First Nations, we have tied our hands to be a fully functioning nation that has the ability to direct its own future. Our politician do not have the courage to do the right thing for all Canadians. Our forefathers would be ashamed of this country on it's 150th birthday.
As a "repubbie" -( though I prefer conservative) who is neither angry or old I take exception to this remark - the real problem with our country is that so many like to see each person relegated to an easy BOX - republicans are ALL THIS, democrats are ALL THIS , Black, whites, rich, poor, Etc. there is not ALL. people are different in many ways from the neat little boxes. Media encourage separatism and differentiation. that being said; in the choice between a cocky multi millionaire who is present and available and a known liar with no positive track record who has not attended a spontaneous press conference in close to a YEAR.- this conservative white person is definitely voting TRUMP PENCE
Too many white men live in fear. They need their guns to feel safe. Other wise they are just equal to the rest of us. The nation was built on murder as much as democracy. The 2nd Amendment was design to support white supremacy. Like the Electoral College, they are both doing what they were designed to do. The original Constitution was never intended to benefit the rest of us.
The baker making cakes for heterosexual weddings and refusing to make cakes for gay weddings is literally discrimination. That is not up for debate, no matter how much you protest.  That fits the literal definition of discrimination. That particular variety of discrimination is illegal in Colorado.  I am tired of repeating facts to you. Your opinion about events is not relevant, ask any lawyer.  What if the baker said he was  ot going to bake a cake for a wedding that was for two black people, but he would make a cake for a wedding that was for two white people? Would you say that he is discriminating against the event, not the people?  You beleive the baker had the right to discriminate, period. That is what you are arguing.
The problem with allegations of racism - in any direction - is that it does precisely what leftists protest against: treating people differently on account of their skin color.  The fact is that, e.g., showing favoritism towards groups based on race, e.g. Affirmative Action, DOES make white people victims on account of their race.  Conversely, race-favored acts unfairly reward some of those who are not victims because of their color.  All the "isms" that Democrats accuse others of is just a political power ploy, using so-called victims and those who have been programmed to sympathize with them to gain votes.  Democrats are the true divisive party in this country.
I mean,thats a real squeaky clean way of describing why the Civil War started.The Civil War started because of uncompromising differences between the free and slave states over the power of the national government to prohibit slavery in the territories that had not yet become states. To suggest anything different is to deny history. Lincoln won the Presidency on a platform to keep slavery out of the new territories, and when he did, "The Confederacy" was born.  7 states did not like that idea and attempted to succeed...and they ultimately failed.  So, when you suggest that white nationalism or racism isnt in our "DNA", I have a hard time understanding that.The South has had constant and ongoing racial issues that have never fully healed. The KKK still exists. White Nationalism is a thing.  People born in this country still wave the Nazi flag. To ignore these facts, or suggest that these groups are so small we should just ignore them, is not the answer.  Didnt work against ISIS, did it?
"The 1960s are over, the Vietnam war ended, Nixon resigned, and everyone has the same rights. We're tired of hearing people complain."  Really, Michael Archer?  Apparently the 1960s aren't over.  The George Wallace constituency has slithered its way out of the sewer of American history and taken the White House.  We have an attorney general who has made a career out of attacking civil rights for Americans who aren't white heterosexual Christian males.  I heard a lot of such males complain about the previous president because he wasn't white enough.  Shame on you and your ilk who marched in Charlottesville.
Yea...imalso curious why the wife keeps shouting "dont do it keith!!"...its def not a tulsa scenario where the circumstances and video evidence is so blatantly obvious...white female cop with past history of infractions and improper procedure..but i think beyond race and gun culture, the common theme of all these cops: cowardice
Fortunately civil disobedience is a major force in American history.  It is what makes America Free.  Your first statement just shows ignorance.  How can you say tossing minorities into jail far more often than whites is good?  A result of bad laws.
Right, and (these "white-boy misogynists right here and right now") they're blowing up children, covering their women in burlap, enslaving their enemies, and hacking off heads willy-nilly?  Do you really believe there is some equivalency to conservative Catholic views and ISIS?  Its self-loathing like this that will be the end of our society.  Hope a) you're not female, or b) have any female loved-ones when they come for you.
I voted against a man for his belief and practice in white supremacy.  Heil Trump
' …the white nationalist web forums monitor the news and send out their advocates whenever and wherever they can spread their hate and their debunked false revisionist history. .  Look on those websites and you'll see many of the same people who never posted here before,   …but there are several that have been attracted to this newspaper story in our neighborhood. .  http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-OmOzrbPIHxI/VYuCk6u4cZI/AAAAAAAAGDU/RAxfrcvkvGM/s1600/Flag%2Bof%2BHatred-1.jpg  .
"Good, it's getting to the point that every single special group has some protected status under law except for white heterosexuals."  As Langston Hughes told us nearly a century ago, white straight guys soon will either have to set more places at the table or be relegated to eating in the kitchen. Te more obstinate you are, the sooner the choice will be made for you. In the meantime, I DO hope you will pardon me if I don't shed a tear for you and yours.
Jeff Sessions is a corrupt racist bigot who has no business in government let alone AG of the USA. Sessions said he thought the KKK "were OK until I found out they smoked pot.” In April, he said, “Good people don't smoke marijuana,” and that it was a "very real danger" that is “not the kind of thing that ought to be legalized.”     Sessions statements show support for white supremacists and the KKK (except those who consume cannabis) while he ignores data from the Center for Disease Control which clearly points out that cannabis is by far safer than tobacco or alcoholic beverages.   The takeaway from this is that Sessions is a racist bigot  who ignores basic facts when making decisions that affect the entire nation.
it is a sad day that when republican leaders, while not approving trumpy's racists comments but continue to support him.  this clearly shows that these repub leaders are not sincere.  how can they want a president who wants to divide the country white against people of color.  yes, politicians should  support their party's candidates, but to support a bigot is clearly unacceptable.  a president must be president for all of the people, not just the white segment.  his racists attitude will reach other non-white nations, is this good foreign policy?
According to recent data, public schools as a group outperform private ones, so perhaps minorities may be better off in the long run. In any event, if the Republicans succeed in transforming education into a voucher-driven system, then minorities can go to the same schools as whites regardless of socioeconomic background. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2013/11/05/are-private-schools-better-than-public-schools-new-book-says-no/
The truth is I truly believe that you do not see racism in this, that you truly feel you are not a racist, that you believe that just because he is black and got death threats while no white person on the team or the staff got any threats is just a coincidence. I believe you believe this to be true, but that does not make it or you right, you are what you are and not what you think you are, maybe reread your comments from the last week and see if you can find a trend?
With any luck, we'll unravel Fields' motives faster than it took the Obama administration to discern the motives of a Muslim shouting "Allahu Akbar!" while gunning down soldiers at Fort Hood. (Six years.)   But so far, all we know is that Fields said he was "upset about black people" and wanted to kill as many as possible. On his Facebook page, he displayed a "White Power" poster and "liked" three organizations deemed "white separatist hate groups" by the Southern Poverty Law Center. A subsequent search of his home turned up bomb-making materials, ballistic vests, rifles, ammunition and a personal journal of combat tactics.   Actually, none of that is true. The paragraph above describes, down to the letter, what was known about Micah Xavier Johnson, the black man who murdered five Dallas cops a year ago during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.   Sole alteration to the facts is reversing the words "black" and "white."
Dragon I don't know where you got your stats but I am pretty sure that in America one has more to fear from white boys than Islamic terrorism.  Now this person could be a recent islamic convertee but for sure he was a white boy.  lol
We all have mementos or photographs that symbolize someone we respect, someone we love and perhaps someone who deserves our remembrance.  There are flags and symbols that represent hate, violence, disrespect or intolerance for others. In fact, there were flags earlier in the history of America that represented such inappropriate beliefs.   Our American Flag, as it stands now, has nothing to do with disrespect for any race. I pay our flag respect because it symbolizes my respect for all of the blacks, whites, and individuals of every race who have defended me and you so that we can live the wonderful (maybe not perfect) lives we have.  When I see symbols of the KKK or other such stupidity I think of the wrongs done to blacks and others and it makes me seethe in anger.   The players are simply using the wrong symbol and wrong venue to demonstrate their unhappiness. I am hurt and confused by their behavior and it demonstrates their misunderstanding of historical context.
You mean where a white guy is 25% more likely to be shot and killed by LEOs than a black man? There's actual studies supporting this statement. You can go to sciencedaily dot com to search for them.
Please vote NO to Charisse millet for house and NO to Vanessa white superior court judge in Wasilla.
Not sure where you can possibly think Obama was the most racist President ever— he represented by his own background and programs, whites and blacks and especially poor whites and blacks with his policie (but also did a lot to rescue businesses on Wall Street and the Auto Industry, and provided tax cuts to rescue the economy). Not only that but he helped Hawaiians and other polynesians, his campaign staff and best friends that he visited every year were Haole, and Hawaiian, and his appointments were from every group you can think of. I can see not liking his policies like Obamacare which helped every race in the country, but I don’t think you can consider him racist— he was the opposit of racist as one could be.
So should we be concerned about white men, since they are the ones who commit mass public killings of fellow citizens, or are most likely serial killers????????  Can we assume that all blondes are like Amy Dumbowski?  You can not protect against everything and everyone based on stereotypes.  Stereotypes can be used as a guide which is based on most likely history of facts, but should never be used to tag or imply or accuse individuals of being what the stereotype might indicate.  She should not be an assembly member we don't need people like her in our government.
Not even close to correct. We here in freedom-lovin', Pig votin', America have had several terrorist attacks carried out by Christian white guys. Maybe you're too young to remember.
Guess again.  90% of the articles were written by left leaning anti-Trump  haters.  As I have stated before, I did not vote for Trump and I personally don't think he is a good man, however I like who he chose for the Supreme Court as well as his pro-life stance. He also stopped the insanity of the gender identity movement caused by Obama.   I don't personally believe he is pro-life, but he may have changed.  I am sick and tired of the lies peddled by both sides. Enough is enough.  Do I think this Bannon character is a wonderful guy?  I have no idea, since I don't personally know him and I question much that has been written about him.  If association with undesirable parties automatically convicts one as being  similar, then I can posit that Planned Parenthood is a sponsor of White Supremacy due to its association with Margaret Sanger.  I looks for actual facts, not innuendo.  Trump is many things, but I don't think he is a White Supremacist, nor does he support such people.
So she would like to be president of SA. Can she at least use co.za instead of .com!  PROUDLY SOUTH AFRICAN. Not white monopoly capital .com :)
Where was the shock, horror, outrage and sanctimony on April 16: " Nearly 70 children are among at least 126 people killed by a suicide bomb attack on a crowded bus convoy outside Aleppo. The bomb tore through buses carrying evacuees from besieged government-held towns, the worst in war-torn Syria in more than a year."....nowhere to be heard.  But of course not, poor brown Arab children killed by our Allies in Syria are so much dust compared to wealty white English children.
First, the "suspect" will have to be convicted.  But wait, he's a white kid in Texas.  he'll never see the death penalty.  Now, if he'd been a black woman who failed to use a turn signal, he'd be dead already.
The other one?  The Democrats failed to get the vote out.  . Again.  But I am absolutely positive they could get thousands of women, minorities, etc out to march in this very district next week. Old, white people love to vote, they do it more than any demographic (I still remember my parents taking my Grandmother out to vote - she insisted - past her 90th.) look for them to hang around in large numbers for at least another 20-30 years... . But hey, marching is more fun than voting....you have to pick your entertainment..
You have some sources there, hon? I also note that you give the white nationalists and nazis a free pass. I guess they're allowed to congregate freely?
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? ... To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. .. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
Zoolander's affirmative action agenda was evident when he appointed his cabinet - and now even more evident when his ministers make their appointments.  One more reason to avoid any gov't related employment if you're a white male.
I only read what I did of that article because I felt duty-bound as a citizen to enlighten myself about this disturbing emerging political movement, if you can even call it that. Recently I mentioned in a comment having read about a Bulgarian mystic named Baba Yanga who died in 1996 predicting the beginning of WWIII on May 13th of this year. Apparently she had an 85% success rate in her predictions. One thing she predicted which caught my attention was the rise of the "White Brotherhood" in Russia, later spreading throughout the world. Since Russia is seen by some as the ancient ancestral home of the Aryans (Hitler's feeling that that distinction belonged to Germany notwithstanding) that made the few hairs on my head stand on end. This is especially relevant since many white supremacists apparently view Putin's Russia with awe as a white bulwark against the creeping Muslim "invasion" from the south. Sound familiar? Given what we know of Trump and Russia, be afraid, be very afraid!
Trump voters care much more about being white than being humans or Americans. I learned that by listening to them. I take them at their word. Their white skins are the most valuable thing they have. They are terrified of losing the white privilege they claim does not exist. Just look at Kansas. That is what they want the rest of the country to look like. As long as they can look down on minorities, they are happy to die early and ignorant. They don't trust education either.
"For instance calling a African-American in South Central "Black" would cause an undesirable reaction."  Not from my experience.  Most black people in America self-identify with the term black.  Black Panthers.  Black Lives Matter.  Black Entertainment Television.  etc.  "Everyone knows calling (what "appears" to be a Caucasian) a "haole", usually preceded with the "F" word, is not appropriate. You are not recognizing the person, but their appearance. Why do it? It's wrong. You are passing judgement on race, that's racism."  You jumped from haole to F!@#in haole, which completely supports everything that I just said about context.  I suggest you read my argument again for better comprehension.  Calling a white person white or a black person black is not "racism."  "My name is David, Dave, or DiverDave."  Yes, but are you haole?  It's a simple question.  It means "white" or "caucasian."  For example, my wife is haole.  I've never understood why haoles take offense to that word.
"...could become...an upper middle class rich white church."  19% of Catholics (with incomes over 100,000 plus) of 75 million US Catholics = 14.25 predominately white million Catholics 44% of Jews (with incomes over 100,000 plus) of 6 million US Jews = 2.64 Jews 35% of Episcopalians (with incomes over 100,000 plus) of 2 million = 700,000 Protestant Episcopalians  from "How income varies among U.S. religious groups," Pew Research Center
In the context of the "protests" sweeping the nation at the moment, we need to be aware of the fact that ALL of these "protests" are being masterminded and paid for by George Soros, the "majority shareholder" (over 90%) in the Democrats. In short, they are his local US version of his "color revolutions" that swept Eastern Europe, and his "Arab Springs" that swept the Arab world. They are not genuine grassroots uprisings.  He is trying to overthrow the Trump Administration by a supposedly "popular uprising". He better be warned, White, Protestant Evangelical America will not stand idly by and let this happen. Too much Godly prayer has gone up for Trump. Also, Trump's principal reason for winning was his position re Israel:  Clinton: Establish Jerusalem as the "capital" of a Muslim "Palestinian" State. Trump: Transfer the US Embassy to Jerusalem as the undivided Capital of the Jewish People and the Jewish State. Gen 12:2,3 & Matt 25:31 to 46 applies here.
All Toyota pickups are white, all SUVs are black. C'mon, everyone knows this. Why did you omit the colorlessness of the SUV from your pithy critique? Maybe you were sick the day you wandered by a college.
Kindly furnish us with proof of Cyril's racism and his support for land grabs. The man is currently accused to be a lackey of white monopoly capital whos campaign is run by an entire white team (Marion Sparg, Steyn Speed, Dr Crispian Olver etc). I
Not exactly..... Yes, it's been over 50 years since any other in-law lived in the White House - and, of course, it's only happened about 4 times....and not full time for all of them. And, of course, they apparently did not take trips with their daughters and grandchildren to go skiing in Aspen, for example.  However - all of that aside.  Is it not at taxpayer expense?  Which is all I said, actually....
Harry, As you White Nationalists like to say, what could you expect from a 'spic and a wop'.
The ATHNA people owned the land before the Feds and the State took it from them.  Their "selection" of this land is a legal fiction.which pretends that no one owned the land before the State or Federal folks took it.  This is a product of the outdated and generally repudiated Doctrine of Discovery which claimed that colonial powers could claim any land they "discovered" on the North and South American continents if the inhabitants were not Christian.  Whether Whites came into this area via this particular trail or not is irrelevant as it traversed Native lands.
Well, Birdie Ebon, the "massive crimes" are only existent in your wild claims without substance or documentation.  Your attaching racist privilege to your assertions is just without any foundation other than the fact that most villages are populated by Natives, but whites, also live in them.  Claiming racist privilege without facts is just more White Supremacist blather.  The facts in the article are related to these poachers and wildlife slaughterers as found in law enforcement without regard to race.  All extraneous attempts by you and your fellow White Supremacists  to attach racist claims to the incident is and forever will be blatantly false.
Nope, Clinton called all Trump supporters deplorables. As many posters here accuse all Trump supporters of being a white supremacist. Which is of course ridiculous because there are countless people of color and from different backgrounds who are Trump supporters.
In the spirit of "ally," how about writing an article that is supportive of straight white males, Denise?
Ranger. Born & raised in Ak, raising my family here as well. Exhusband is Native. Spent a lot of time with his large family and relatives over the last 20 years, never heard any of them talk about ignoring "white man's" rules. My daughter is biracial. It's going to break my heart when she learns how many Alaskans hate Alaska Natives because of the color of their skin. I judge people by their actions, which they control and not by their skin color which no one can control. Crime stats prove Anchorage is just as bad as the villages - and we have Police AND State Troopers.
If this were black on white crime they wouldn't even publish it, let alone put a picture of the guy.  It is getting to be the norm that any crimes commited by blacks, illegals or democrats the media doesn't call out the race or affiliation.  If its a white person or a republ7can its plastered all over.  People are really seeing the blatant bias of the media.
No, "pasty white" is not racist. I'm white, and I am not offended. Why would I be? Is it because my ancestors were slaves? Nope, as my ancestors were not slaves. Is it because my mother used to have to ride in the back of the bus? No, as my mother never had to ride in the back of the bus. No, I got to go to the good schools because I was white. I know it's hard for cretins like you to understand it all. You have my sympathy for having to ride the short bus to school.
The inquiry is delicately designed to not uncover  the role native men play in this. Their final report will only say say white people did it all.
So if a group of white people created a group called white lives matter, and you knew nothing else other than they existed with this name, you would give them the benefit of the doubt as not being racist to be consistent ?  My point is  to eliminate racism you have to eliminate the concept of race.
You need to get out more.  European art and history are studied at university, people still do Irish dance and learn French as a second language.  I'm not white but I appreciate all of it.  You seem so sure that European cultural heritage is being drowned out by others.  It isn't.  I, for one, want you to celebrate your heritage.  I think everybody should.
"Bigoted Trump haters" - what a strange perception.  I think that a lot of people hate bigotry itself, and a lot of people think, with excellent reason since his own words prove it, that Trump is a bigot.  Hillary Clinton is right, we have not declared war against a religion practiced by 1.6 billion mostly peace-loving people around the world.  In our nation, women are lawfully equal to men, and it is illegal to kill anyone because of her/his sexual orientation.  Not only is that the crime of homicide, but in addition, it is a federal hate crime.  Probably we will get some Syrian refugees as well as immigrants, why not?  They would be thoroughly, individually vetted, or at least, that's the plan.  It won't be a Mariel boat-lift, when Castro emptied his prisons onto US cities.  What is your source for this misinformation?  The KKK and other white nationalist organizations are a big problem here.  ISIS, not so much.
This Shop "asked" me to leave in 2009 because I did not have an appointment! So where is the all the ACLU folks when I was directed to leave and needed an appointment? Oh Yea I am White! I can give you my name if you ask!
The Honorable Judge James Wickershame once sentenced out 50 lashes to a white man who conveyed alcohol to natives.
Also Peter?  Those White Supremacist, Nazis and racists that your asking about their rally, their chanting "Blood and soil" began the night before when they surrounded a Multi.National Unity Church w/their lite tiki torches and threatened those people to the point that after a half hour of huddling in the church.......left by back doors out into alleys to escape their noticing them.  There were human beings of all faiths and races.    This kind of terrism is pure evil.  On a positive note, thousands of people from all over came to town and marched on the same path the Nazis and others had taken.  They took out the hatred and fear those evil creeps left behind and sang and talked and are a unity we haven't experienced since the 60's.  We the people, I hope, are waking up from the stupor of self/and information, and reaching out to others for a common cause: freedom.  I believe our Republic is in crisis
These people want to turn back the clock to a specific point in time: After the original inhabitants of the land were murdered, and before environmental regulations and income taxes. I blame their parents, for teaching them that being white is some sort of achievement, instead of a meaningless accident of birth.
Why does the left continue to attempt to place the white supremacists, nazis, etc. on the RIGHT of the political spectrum?  Are they that ignorant of their own history?  These are all LEFT WING ideals, and groups.  Read YOUR history (democrats, progressives, etc.).... You guys OWN this, NOT the Right.
"Black Lives Matter is a great and much needed movement for social justice."  If Black Lives Matter cared a whit about black lives, they's disband.  Wilson, you say,  was "spontaneously more mistrustful of a black person entering our view than of a white person."  To quote John McEnroe on this night of the US Open, "You cannot be serious."  Wilson's "spontaneous" view of Brown was of Brown half-way into Wilson's squad car, trying to get Wilson's weapon.  There is no genuine dispute as to whether Brown's hands were in the air, a significant point inasmuch as you and McGivern --- apparently intelligent people --- continue to press that narrative, having good reason to know it's false.
On the other hand, Hercules, since Mrs. Clinton is a woman, which then would be writing off half the population: choosing a female running mate, or not choosing a female running mate?   Quick test: can you see the difference, in this context, between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump? (Hint: old white guy is part of the answer).   Or is your point here just deflecting any criticism of the much-revered Mr. Trump?
Yep. White male supremacy is the nitty gritty of it all.
Jose, Did you actually read what Bill said or just react to an imaginary slight?  He was saying that a Black, Asian, or Hispanic president would bring freedom to the process, i.e.,no more "machete" tactics.  "Using voting like some ecclesiastical machete may well end when an African, or a Latin or an Asian becomes denominational president. Freedom rather than oppression will be made to smile on the denomination when the Union Conferences around the world realize that hierarchy is bankrupt."  While I'm not sure he has the solution, I perceived no racist insult or intended derogation in his comment, just the opposite. He was saying that a non White president would be better.
Let me  First, the percentage of whites who are Indian citizens are practically zero ( Mother Teresa was one, and she got enough fame in India). It is impossible to discriminate against people who don't exist. So that is a pretty dumb argument. I am guessing your next argument will be that China is racist because it hasn't had a black leader?  Second, in racial terms, Indians are "Caucasians". The whole race theory has been revised multiple times. You do realize the whole Aryan theory originated in India? And then was lifted by Adolf H? The Germans, like Max Mueller, had some of the finest Indologists in the 19th and 20th centuries.  Third, your point about corruption. It i bad, but improving. You know who brought corruption to India? The British, with people like Robert Clive and Warren Hastings.  Finally, your English grammar sucks. Which corrupt school did you study in?
So the perpetrator of the Dallas shootings is killed by police...he had stated he hated white police officers....why does the FBI need to investigate?
In Hawaii, it's the GOP's fault and no one else's.  And it's near demise goes back to statehood in 1959.  The Republicans were seen as the white guys who were in charge of the Big 5 companies, e.g. A&B, Amfac, C. Brewer, etc., comprised the membership of OCC and the Pacific Club, and sent their kids to Punahou.  All to the exclusion of residents of non-white ethnicities.  Then, along came a guy named Burns who corralled these excluded residents and gave them a loud voice.  Things have never been the same since.  Even Ronald Reagan would  have difficulty reversing the political imbalance in Hawaii.
For whatever reason the following quoted comment was deemed innapropriate by my fellow posters.  I find that very interesting since this has been happening quite frequently to me lately and I'm pretty sure it's all about politics. Here it is again.  "Jesus is not part of this gun issue in the US. Phony prayers for slain innocents does not stop the proliferation of guns. The shooter in this instance could have carried his fully automatic machine guns in full sight of law enforcement with no problem. The handwriting on this issue was on the wall at Sandy Hook when twenty 'innocent' white children were blown away by a military assault weapon. The second amendment folks said "Well this is OK as long as you don't come after my guns." NRA supporters can just live with the death and carnage caused by unfettered gun access in the US. I just wish they would shut up about 'innocent babies in the womb' because the two seem to co-exist in a very compartmentalized way too many Catholics.
and yet the concepts of equality and equal opportunity have made inroads; awareness has grown of the impacts of institutional "white supremacy", and the concept of civil rights has served as a banner for a few political movements which have made important changes in the way we do business as a society.    Our task is to consolidate these gains and build on them, connecting them to sources of information and demonstrating the success of the model, however limited it might seem; building on a culture of inclusiveness and cooperating across the artificial boundaries of "race" until those boundaries start to dissolve---As well as forwarding an accurate history so that our children have a chance of avoiding our mistakes.  Racism is, and has always been, a political tool aimed at fragmenting the electorate for the purpose of control by a few over the many:  Our aim should be to blunt that tool and make it less effective, rather than validating racism in any form, or from any quarter.
This killing may have been justified but since there will be no independent review of it, there will be no legitimate ruling that it was and there hasn't been a legitimate ruling of a "justified" shooting by the local police in many many years.   Remember currently the system is that retired cops investigate current cops, which had led to a lot of murders by cops in this town being written off as “self-defense” or "justified". That isn't because they were, it is because the current review process is broken and is about as legitimate as those white juries in 1930-60's Mississippi ruling not guilty against white people charged with crime against an African American.   What will fix this is a citizens review board with at-large members, not police union lackeys, who will then be impartial to both the officer and the victim. Right now it is apparent the review process favors the officers and no consideration is given to the shooting victim.
If the relative of the Confederate President is okay with a monument to his relative coming down out of an outdoor public space, then everybody should be.  It is not denying history, it is recognizing that these statues serve no purpose but to inflame outrage--yes, "on both sides". It is like (as Rep. Seth Moulton tweeted) defending a statue of King George III on American soil.  As for the idea of letting the White nationalists walk the streets and protest alone, I get where you're coming from but to me that feels like letting the racists win. And if no one opposes them publicly, they might think that they can shout their hate speech and march all the time, which is the opposite of what you would want.
There is an insinuation of Quebec's view of in your face religious display  in daily lives of the people, whilst simply forgetting that it is the view of majority of the rest of Canadians of all shades of skin tone.  Modern Canada  is for a fair society. Quebec and the rest of Canada will vehemently reject a not-a-non-white  orthodox Christian leader outright as well. But have to dance around a subject relating to a non-white leader who is first projecting himself as a religious person.     Once you put a costume then you are seeing issues through that lens. Its hardly worth going further. Vast majority of Canadians --who are mostly of Christian faith, and  inside and outside Quebec, and Canada  is a Christian nation --are NOT racist and have openly invited and accepted all people. But they will reject you if you display yourself first and foremost as a religious person.  Just display the racist card only if you are otherwise a fair person.
(a) its a fact and not misleading in any way, Jews are Arabs, Arabs are not Whites. Twist and turn all you want these are facts. (b) NO DONT put aside Afrikaner those where the words used and the people accused,  you cant change a persons statements because it does not suit your argument. (c) I agree with you but whats the alternative, (cii) Once agian I agree the domination of world economics by a few people all of the same race  is worrying.  (1) The Bantu system produce some giants Moeletsi Mbeki, Thabo Mbeki, Dr Patience Mthunzi, Dr Patience Mthunzi and many more. (2) If you say so  The English gave the Jews the economic power in SA, when the Afrikaners finally took over and Verwoed tried to break their stranglehold they had him killed. You sit there crap talking Afrikaners so explain why there are only 2 Englishmen in the top 16, considering they had a better head start than the Afrikaners (100+ years English ruled here)  May be its because they lack will power.
Uller....FYI, there are 2 Jewish centers in Anchorage....the one that was threatened yesterday is the more Conservative one.  It is very likely that many of the people at this Center voted for Pres. Trump because of his pro- Israel stance and his partly, Conservative Jewish family.  If there was a fake "in building" phone call to drum up anti-white, anti-Trump sentiments it probably would have been at the other, more liberal, Jewish Center where the congregants most likely caucused for Bernie Sanders and then voted for Hillary.  Of course in your conspiracy world, there is a good chance the phone call to the Conservative Jewish center came from the liberal Jewish Center.  We all know how crafty those Jews are.
Yo Ericsnot, once again you twist reality to bolster your own pathetic agenda. I said, and it's in print," Black males make up about 3.5% of the population and commit 52% of it's homicides."  DOJ stats.  When you say 13%, you're talking about the Black population, not Black males.  The 13% don't commit the homicides, the 3/5% do it. You get your figures from faulty sources. I get mine from the DOJ.  White males make up 31% of the population. not 16.6 % Ericsnot.
So lets ask while you are on your respect the flag soapbox about the first NFL player who is a white guy named Tim Tebrow and you made him a national hero, an icon.
I know we all wait breathlessly for a more diverse and vibrant future, but what does "engage with identity" mean? Blame white males again?
Can we have a description of the suspect to assist / be on the lookout for?? Are we looking for a white 75 year old woman with grey hair?? Or a 19 year old black male carrying a bucket of chicken? Please facts matter
Bannon was raised Catholic, but I don’t know if he still identifies as one. Like Gingrich and Giuliani (both Catholics), and like Trump himself, Bannon brings his third wife to the family values party, as well as accusations of infidelity and domestic violence. He’s all of what you say he is, and worse. He is Trump’s link to the white supremacist and nationalist movements which operate under the euphemistic banner of “alt-right.”  The evil Bannon brings to the White House is his bigotry; the genius is in his willingness -- his preference -- to fly under the radar screen, to call as little attention to himself as possible, and to indulge Trump’s pathological need for flattery and approval.
True, they get most of the few remaining fish, but us white guys got most of their property. I bet they'd trade in a heartbeat if you want to sign over your land. There aren't that many remaining fish, so I'd counsel against that deal, but as you obviously feel cheated maybe you deserve it. ;-)  How many families are in the tribe? What's that work out to, per family. Not enough to live for many months I bet. It always amuses me to hear the conquerors blame the victims.
I know of two kids who made it through West High. They got really tired of "sharing" and "educating" the endless river of clueless (predominantly white) kids looking to be enlightened by other cultures.   These two kids eventually gave up educating the endless clueless masses and continued to live in their own cultural norms. Thankfully.   Tolerance and respect is taught in the home.
You can't be a Christian and a racist or white supremacist.  Period!  Full stop!  But you can be a child of darkness determined to preach hatred and use violence as a means to political ends, and then you can call yourself a Christian in a pitiful attempt to portray your hate as having some basis beyond your own failure to recognise that racism is one of the hallmarks of a movement directed by Satan.
Thank god? I don't think the white mans god has anything to do with this. As a matter of fact, since jesus Christ was himself a refugee fleeing a guaranteed death by a propped up despot by the Imperial Roman Empire, just like the many 2 bit dictators that America and Britain props up today, and who lived and breathed to help the less fortunate.....  I would say that Trump, his cabinet, and his many racist christian supporters, will all have to stand in front of their Creator when they die, to explain their lives actions against other less fortunate that their jesus Christ helped before being murdered by the Imperial Roman Empire.
Neither white organization welcomed low- income Mandans into their party.
It's about as easy for a white person to notice white privilege as it is for person who speaks English to notice it's being spoken when no other language is uttered.  Of course language is not the same a how one is treated. While I suppose nearly all White people don't notice white privilege, the lack of that privilege IS noticeable by some people who are not white. How much different treatment non-whites experience is dependent on many factors. Among them are other racial features, where one is in the country and what accoutrements of success one displays. Though as a white person I receive white privilege, it is not my fault for having it and I don't feel guilty. It is accorded me without my knowledge and I never asked for it. What is my responsibility is to try and notice it when I inadvertently express discrimination based on skin color.  I have been conditioned like most white guys in this society to have some assumptions about those who are "different". I keep working on that.
Media tells us the "working" class and unemployed who rarely vote came out and actually voted for Trump.  How do you broadly describe these people as "ignorant" and also White Privilege?  Media also tells us 70% of black Americans are not raised by their fathers.  Government took them away with all the subsidies and special programs that ultimately replaced Daddy.  Instead of ranting and raving about someone else's ignorance and privilege, all people should work on themselves to make his/her life better and raise his/her children to be responsible, caring adults.  Identity politics is not solving anything.  No one is perfect.  We are human.  So life is a challenge to improve our lot, together.
The only thing positive to come from the Holocaust is to show us the clear nature of evil. We should take notice of Hitler's words to ensure that we do not go there again. That the Germans have done and that caution has made them a remarkable nation. That such evil did not only happen in the Holocaust does not detract from the unspeakable nature of evil humanity experienced there. But where are we, here in South Africa, when there is a different standard for humanity between black and the rest of us, when blacks can now align themselves with the unspeakable far white right in the USA to resort to the swastika for reasons best known to them? And perhaps just to mention the obvious - if we are to excoriate Helen Zille for her little tweet, what is to happen to the tweeter in this instance?
To be fair, very few white Americans are actually descended from slave owners. Most white people didn't own slaves at the height of slavery in this country and most white folks here today are descendants of immigrants who came following the abolition of slavery. And even those who are descendants of slave owners shouldn’t inherit any culpability for their ancestor’s transgressions, that’s not the liberal way.
I grew up in Corvallis.  Heard the stories.  Actually worked for the same logging outfit owned by a former OSC athlete who hired White for a summer job.    Certainly there had to be some racist tension for the only black guy in the woods,  except for a high climber/hook tender in Sweet Home, last name James.  Slats Gill's problem was that our Jim Crow South,  and wide spread discrimination elsewhere,   disallowed black players from staying in the  same hotel as white teammates. Gill  wouldn't do that to  players.  He  actively tried to recruit more than one black player,  and actually had black players before UNC or Duke.  He was coaching in transition times.    The guy cared about  all players,  and recruited in Oregon and Washington.  It was not easy for a kid of any color to get from Southern California to Corvallis,  with 1950s transportation  costs and time the limiting factors.   Think about it;  I-5 and cheap  air travel were  deciding factors in bringing black athletes to OSU.
What's new, same activity that occurs outside of the Coliseum on the streets, two gangs banging out for turf. Bet all the guys fighting were black. All the white guys standing around...maybe instigating it, just pushing their buttons. Kinda like what the cops do in LA.
How do you know that there were no good people protesting against the removal of General Lee's statue? Ordinary white people of all religions and none voted for Donald Trump not because they were racists, neo-nazis or Klan members but because they saw in him someone who would protect them from the liberal elites who are hell bent on making them feel guilty for being white, ashamed of their race through politically correct legislation and provocations such as the removal of Confederate memorials and symbols. All over the US and Europe the liberal establishment treats anyone who displays any pride in his nationality or ethnicity.with disdain.. The Brexit vote in the U.K. the backlash against Mrs Merkel and  the election of Mr Trump in the U.S. are examples of  people becoming fed up at being pushed around by the Left,
"Last time I was down South I walked into this restaurant, and this white waitress came up to me and said: 'We don't serve colored people here.' I said: 'that's all right, I don't eat colored people. Bring me a whole fried chicken.'" ~ Dick Gregory
Remember who helped put him in office?  David Duke was swift to remind Trump.  Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, a Trump supporter who was in Charlottesville on Saturday, quickly replied. "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists," .
" I like to think of it as the Summer of White Male Grievance." I'm sorry but do you have to be white to see Trudeau's latest, bill C51, redefining the right to a full defence by the accused in sexual assault cases, as a grievous problem? Come to that, do you have to be male? Could a woman of colour worry that one day her sons might be subject to a process that strips them of the right to a full defence?
Sorry to have disappointed you Matsuvian, I certainly did not intend to do so.  I have enjoyed the Dispatch mainly because it is chock full of news, local and national.  I can't say I am thrilled about Mr. Binkley at the helm although I am willing to give it a go.  I highly respect Representative Seaton, a man of courage, conviction and compassion.   I grew up in a small mid-western town that had only 7 non-whites living in the county in the 1970 census.  I remember the KKK marching through town and my dad saying they were bad for our community. I remember the ultra conservative paper that often ran headlines such as "Queer Ordained Priest" and "Commie Pinko Fag" or "Homo" on a regular basis.   My dad and mom were both Democrats but my siblings are all over the map.  I was a Democrat for several years but switch to Independent many years ago.   I want a free press and an honest press.  I want the basic facts in the story, then I can form my own opinions.  And God bless Bernie Sanders.
A little research wouldn't hurt these "journalists". Men are more likely to be victims of violence than women and white males are more likely to be attacked by minorities than the reverse. Who cares about stats when you can virtue signal and call it journalism though?
I don't understand why we get so upset about "illegals" coming over and working here. Look, none of us want to pick strawberries and green beans ok? They are willing to do it for a lower wage and you wouldn't see a spoiled white person doing it, not ever.   I used to work for a very large potato plant in Idaho (Wada Farms) and most of the people there were Hispanic, not all of them were US citizens. What I learned from this experience is they work their asses off and make white people look lazy. They also are willing to get paid a little less because they don't have the consumer consumption issues that American's have.  Guess what? Most of the people working there had a "green card" and paid their taxes just like every other US citizen. Where is the issue? They are contributing to our economy and our businesses success...what's wrong with that?
"It is part of the deposit of Catholic faith, infallible and unchanging."   As usual, it is all black and white for R & R.  Apparently, the church has NEVER changed in 2000 years, right?
I don't know if your response will get through civility but let me respond in kind.  You call me a racist because you come from a biracial family. That doesn't mean you cannot be a racist. Do you know what the term Uncle Tom means?   You have no idea my race but judge me to be a white male simply because it fits your narrative.  I watched the video, I didn't need some right wing talking head to explain to me what I should think. I do not need talk radio to tell me how to feel. I do not need my marching orders so I can troll boards with the same lame posts I see defending nazis everywhere on the net.  You claim you are not defending nazis but literally called me a racist because I watched your video and refuted it, and you didn't even refute the actually video, you refuted me not being told what I was seeing by a narrator.   Sorry, I can just watch the video without spin. If you need spin to tell you how a video goes down then you might just need to brush up on critical thinking 101.
' ….except, of course, you're mischaracterizing the entire reality.  They reported the racist reality behind Trump,  Bannon, and the white supremacists.  . (and the supporting evidence was provided)  .
Yes, Obama was one of the best presidents ever. He inherited the worst financial crisis of my (long) lifetime, and got us through it. He faced dedicated opposition whose openly admitted goal was to obstruct everything he did. And he served with dignity, and generous spirit for all.   As for white privilege, and the backlash we're now in, this quote: "to the privileged, equality feels like discrimination."   And this one: "the new racism is denying racism."
"Those claiming that police unfairly brutalize black people offer very little evidence to back it up, other than a few isolated cases about which the reporting is often distorted." How is this for evidence: "Black males aged 15-34 were nine times more likely than other Americans to be killed by law enforcement officers last year, according to data collected for The Counted, an effort by the Guardian to record every such death. They were also killed at four times the rate of young white men." https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/08/the-counted-police-killings-2016-young-black-men Clearly,  if you are a young black man in the U.S., the odds are not in your favour. But, obviously, you are not a young black man who has to face this type of danger on a daily basis.
A little history on the terms "alt right" and "alt left":  White supremacist Richard Spencer coined the term "alt right" in 2010 in reference to a movement centered on white nationalism.  In the last few months, as mainstream society became aware of what and to whom it referred, it became a pejorative.  Conservatives then began to refer to anyone they didn't like, to the left of them, as "alt left".  Both phrases are an invention of the far right, the irony being that, as their own term for themselves gathered negative connotations, they tried to use "alt left" as a negative description of their perceived opponents.  Hoist on their own petard.
So...you got invited to a nice traditional boring dinner party and got treated like a white person...why the anger?  I thought that was supposed to be the goal?
That seems to be the Republican narrative: we work to support the liberal/minority/immigrant/poor.  I hate to throw facts at you, because I know these may cause cognitive dissonance, but the biggest food stamp/welfare recipients are the white rural Republican-voting poor.  That should make you feel better.
Do you seriously believe he intends to fix anything for the angry white voters who would like their 1960's lifestyle back?  What he will do will widen the income gap between the 1% and all the rest.
So there you have it, relevant comments by two people who know the system and the problems from a very intimate level: one being an aboriginal woman who has experienced the abuse, and the other an experienced police officer who has helped pick up the pieces.  Each has described the problem, but no one wants to hear it.  Certainly not the politicians who just want to throw money at it, hoping that dollars will placate people.  And, most certainly, not the aboriginal politicians, the "Indian Industry" who want to keep it front and center so that the dollars and the 'white guilt' keep growing.  This task force is a waste of federal funds and a cruel trick on the people from aboriginal communities who hope something will come of it.
Right.  Thanks at least for posting the link to that white separatists site so other with adult-level reading comprehension can judge for themselves concerning my statement you misrepresent.  I said no such thing.   And a bunch of white supremacists don't like me.  That's a GOOD thing.
Yes, but a document completed when there were 2.5 million people in the country (of which only white men who were not Catholics or Jews and owned land were eligible to vote), now affects 300 million of us, and a popular vote that was lost twice in two decades seems to show the dysfunction of our system, especially considering the current president lost by 3 million votes, more than the entire population a few hundred years ago. At least states could change the religion and property mandates and most did so by 1830. It's time that states made another adjustment...
Now playing on NETFLIX, (Meet the Trumps). Is a Biographical Documentary of Donald Trumps grandfather's goldrush enterprises and his father's development of a property empire. His father was a very shrewed businessman who used his skill$ to influence politicians/government employees to grow his financial empire; "without breaking the law" as he would put it. Bend it but don't break it. He learned his trade from his father especially when it came to how he viewed minorities, especially blacks. That stance toward blacks and how he learned from his father who migrated to America from Germany is explained in detail; and how he and everyone in his circle learned to look down on minorities. And so, till this very day that's Trump's unique trade mark. Hail to White Supremacy.
i hope by communication he means free, high speed internet service to every citizen. i am convinced that every child needs a phone and an internet connection by age two. our poor are being left out of the information age and that is where most good jobs are coming from today. look at the people cutting grass on the side of the road. this just might be an indication of a lack of access to technology in communities where they grew up. next time you pass some, count the white guys.
United Way is a great organisation! I did a PSA and many others followed my lead. Folks, do a little research and see all the really great things these folks do. Allison refers to white privilege. That's why I use my "white privilege" to help everyone. Where I live the folks are mostly Latino. But I have personally seen it time and again. Professionals who are dedicated and even become emotionally involved when people are in crisis. I find it odd that helping people draws so much anger from people who clearly have no clue. They've never bothered to listen or learn. These same folks just troll one thread after another. If you want to enrage them, talk about helping people that are disadvantaged in all kinds of ways. To pretend there's no 'white privilege' might be the most destructive social dynamic. This white boy will be canvassing Latinos and registering them to vote. Making phone calls.I'll continue to lend my face my and voice to raise funds.   I'm a one man rock band. BOO!
Drumpf's approval numbers plumb new depths as his base starts to abandon him.  Only 33% of Americans now approve of his job performance.  And most telling, more white Americans without a college degree now disapprove of his performance than approve, 50% to 43%.  76% agree he is not level-headed versus 26% who think he is.  Voter opinions of most other Trump qualities drop to new lows:  62 - 34 percent that he is not honest;  63 - 34 percent that he does not have good leadership skills;  59 - 39 percent that he does not care about average Americans;  58 - 39 percent that he is a strong person;  55 - 42 percent that he is intelligent;  63 - 34 percent that he does not share their values.  54 - 26 percent that they are embarrassed rather than proud to have Trump as president  57 - 40 percent he is abusing the powers of his office   60 - 36 percent that he believes he is above the law.  https://poll.qu.edu/national/release-detail?ReleaseID=2476  And he's just getting started!  .
Racism is the wrong pejorative, as illegals are not a race of people but rather come from all the countries in the world.  Some illegals are white Europeans, so the concept of 'white privilege' does not excuse them of their illegality.   Better negative terms would include 'nativism' or 'xenophobia'.
I agree with you ->  "let the Neo Right march. People can see them for what they are."  Somebody should defend leaving that history up and visible to the American public. After all, Robert E. Lee was fighting to free the slaves the Democrats owned, so he was fighting  the neo-left, majority being Democrats that is. Oh and btw-the KKK was also Democrat. But my guess is, that will soon vanish from the internet.  -- KKK - Though Congress passed legislation designed to curb Klan terrorism, the organization saw its primary goal–the reestablishment of white supremacy–fulfilled through Democratic victories in state legislatures across the South... http://www.history.com/topics/ku-klux-klan
Holocaust museums aren't analogous to statues venerating the architects and protectors of the white supremacist Confederacy. Statues venerating Hitler and the SS is more a more accurate comparison to statues of Confederate politicians and warriors. Do you propose we or Germany erect statues of Adolph Hitler or Heinrich Himmler to remember the horrors of white supremacist history?  If this is really about history and not a "history and culture" of white supremacy, let's replace all the statues of Confederate politicians and generals with statues of Nat Turner, Harriet Tubman, Fredrick Douglass, Sojourner Truth. Those are the heroes we should venerate.
Your status was "earned" from a different starting point and was assisted along the way by your privilege of being born white and male.  You caught certain breaks that wouldn't have been available to others.  You also self-servingly assume that everyone has the same chance as you did.  Merit is a fallacy.
You have only to look at the race and gender of numbers of successful suicides to know that this philosophy is making great strides.  While indiginous females are better at it than their male counterparts,  white males are so good at it that the scale was ordered suppressed in Alberta by a caring government.   Social justice doesn't come cheap.
The Balcony Rapist was a young native from 6 Nations. He specifically selected white women with dark hair. He raped several other white women with dark hair prior Jane Doe, so the police knew the profile of his victims. Why was he not charged with racist hate crimes too?  In a real twist of insanity, Doe forgave her own rapist putting all blame on the police.
Wellman's definition of racism is absurd, because it states that racism is only practised by whites. Other races and cultures are as racist--racism is a universal problem. The belief that only white racism matters is really a manifestation of white self-importance, Eurocentrism gone septic. And in a country like SA, post-1994, white racism is an irritant at best and at worst provides an "excuse" for black racism; in a country where one racial group is the overwhelming majority, its racists beliefs and assumptions should be recognised as the major issue.
"White supremacy" is NOT illegal.  It's perfectly legal to be a full-fledged screaming racist.  It only becomes illegal when you act illegally..i.e., when you violate laws directly addressing discrimination or when you violate other laws.  "Thinking" racist thoughts, and expressing racist views are not illegal.  In fact, expressing those views is Constitutionally protected.  Gary Crum
""He's a good person. He actually gets very unfair press in that regard," Trump said."  Similar to the "very fine people" that Trump claimed took part in the so-called Unite the Right rally of white supremacists?
So, you're cool with discrimination if its a result of free speech or religion? Like in the 50s, with white only lunch counters?
With respect Karen, the original HuffPo blog's (ostensible) intent was much less about promoting economic transformation than it was about about vilifying white men . Maybe the more relevant debate is the one that inadvertently surfaced, that is whether white males have in fact become the "right target".
Epnd writes:  "G&M. The anti white, anti Christian, pro sharia, and certainly anti women media outlet"  --  Taking a break from reading Breitbart and Infowars to see what's up at the G&M?  .
Muslim Ban, Build a Wall, Deportation squads, and you think the fact that he mail ordered a bride, a white woman from eastern Europe it shows he is not biased?  Trump admits to having not heard the comments but still reacts angrily on twitter.   Your double standard is pretty well actualized in your post.
This is all about  racial injustice and white resentment that minorities no longer know their place in society.   The people who think that kneeling during the national anthem is all about disrespecting the nation need to think about why anyone would feel compelled to take this action and subject themselves to so much abuse from racists like Trump.  Do they think that  Rosa Parks was protesting the  bus system when she refused to give up her bus seat in the "colored"  section  to a white person because the "whites only" seats were all filled.......
There's a guy who still posts here who posted elsewhere as SS88.  Not exactly subtle, our white supremacists.
Take notice how the supporters and defenders of the white supremacists (including Trump) are trying to make this about violence. Yes, the violence has to be dealt with, but the ISSUE here, folks, is white nationalists and neo-nazis spewing their racist, anti-semitic hate. There is no middle ground here. There is no equivalency. On one side you have people who want to purge America of Jews, minorities, and immigrants, just as the Nazis in Germany attempted to do in their country. On the other side you have people who are against that. The fact that violence erupts does not in any way make the two sides somehow equivalent. One right and one is wrong. By not condemning the wrong, you are supporting it, accepting it, enabling it; it's that simple. Which side are you on? Which side is our president on?
What plantation are you referring to other than the one in your mind? You speak of slavery, where in this country do you see slaves on plantation? You refer to minorities as dogs? Your statement carries the rotting stench of white trash racism. I'd pay to see you take a DNA test to determine your origins that will include minorities. I'd bet on it.
When you get around to making a cogent statement without sounding like you're drunk, I'll read it. Meanwhile, cranky white males are the basis for little donnies band of bozos who behave much like him. I'll bet you $1000 he loses the race and your nemesis, HRC is POTUS come January. Care to back up your aged claims? No? Oops, back on the porch.
LOL. What kind of logic is that? Brazil and Portugal don't have white people? Isn't Portugal in... emm... Europe? And wasn't Brazil colonized by emm... Europeans? The suspect in the photo looks pretty white to me, and not just some fictional shade of "Brazilian white".
BLM's co-founder - Yusra Khogali is an unapologetic racist. Her shameful, inflammatory rhetoric is indicative of the BLM movement in Toronto. Calling whites "sub-human" and white skin being a "genetic defect" - and tweeting "Plz Allah give me strength to not cuss/kill these men and white folks out here today. Plz plz plz". Now this racist organization has been allowed to desecrate the Pride movement 0 thanks largely to spineless politicians who continue to refuse to confront BLM for what they are - an unhelpful, racist, anti-police fringe group that deserves nothing but disdain.
I am less interested in racially based affirimative action and more interested in aa for lower income families.  Obama was as upper class as any white person.  He was a Punahou boy and looked like any other upper class Asian or White as far as his education and world assumptions. Diversity has to be on economic grounds first and foremost.
Hey all you White Boys ... F)(K you and your electric light bulb.
Rona Ambrose.  Experienced. Smart. Attractive. Moderate. Well liked.  Recognizable. A woman.    It's a popularity contest, not a policy contest, folks.  Put her on stage in a debate with Justin and she'd run circles around Pretty Boy.  But select another white, suburban, balding, angry man and the Conservatives will flush the election before it starts.
Newsflash Mr Albertson: It's not 1898, when whaling by white men was decimating whale populations.  It's 2017.  And, theoretically, current federal laws concerning the harvesting of marine mammals apply to ALL Americans.  So if "400 white guys from Anchorage" illegal harvested a gray whale, then they all would be punished by the federal government.  So too must these Bush residents be punished for illegally harvesting a gray whale.  The video can be a starting point in identifying people that need to be charged for this crime.  Lawlessness in Alaska is not acceptable.
Hello James,  You write: "You've somehow missed the point, which is that white kids have more role models, like Isaac Newton or doctors as portrayed on TV."  Hello?  Um, no, James, the teacher's "point" (roll eyes) is that all whites are the recipients of an invisible package of unearned assets, that all whites are the recipients of a massive set of unearned benefits and unearned advantages granted to white people, and that white people hurt non-white people: "Whites do not necessarily intend to hurt people of color, but because whites are unaware of their white-skin privilege, and because they accrue social and economic benefits by maintaining the status quo, they inevitably do hurt people of color."  Dude, if you think this is simply a lesson to twelve-year-olds about TV-show role models (laugh out loud), you REALLY have "missed the point"!
Wow. Check out https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_white_nationalist_organizations#United_States For a huge list of white racist organizations in the US. It's not just a Confederate / Southern problem.  Idaho voted 80 percent for Trump. Coincidence? •	11th Hour Remnant Messenger  •	 American Renaissance,  •	American Freedom Party,  •	American Nazi Party •	Aryan Brotherhood of Texas  •	 Aryan Nations,  •	Asatru Folk Assembly,  •	Council of Conservative Citizens •	Creativity Alliance,  •	EURO,  •	Hammerskins,  •	Ku Klux Klan,  •	National Alliance •	National Association for the Advancement of White People,  •	National Policy Institute. •	National Vanguard,. •	Nationalist Movement,  •	Occidental Quarterly •	The Order •	Pacifica Forum,  •	Phineas Priesthood •	Volksfront,  •	White Aryan Resistance,
Just in case anyone's wondering why Trump can't stop dividing the country with racist rants like last night's gross comments in Alabama stoking his white supremacist base: Donald Trump: Eugenics https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yh0jAxOxGE Why anyone would think he's soo a white supremacist is beyond me.
I stand by those comments.  Doesn't make me either a "racist" or an "anti-Semite".  It makes me a Semite who speaks out against injustice.  Perhaps you should go back and read them again.  You might learn something.  As for your objection my statements were "bigoted", "unfair" or what have you--I usually eschew the word "racist" because white folks have worn it out by using it on anyone else who even HINTS that "racism" didn't evaporate with Brown vs. the Board of Education ruling in 1964--I'll summarize regarding your own comments with the words of a very popular Galilean carpenter (alayhis-Salaam): "Moat. Beam."  I much prefer the term "white supremacists"--is a much more accurate description of the inherent nature of US social, political, economic, judicial and educational institutions.
This is just cheap lazy "journalism" meant to stir the pot -generalizing about white males- as basically being responsible for all evil - past and present -  I suppose getting more comments implies more interest in the writer from her standpoint.  Throw some red meat out and get a reaction. More Identity Politics. Just what we need.  I used to enjoy Ms. Renzetti's columns but she has lost me.
I remember days in the early 90's at Clark jr high where I thought of the same things. Constantly bullied by native kids cus I'm half for not being native enough, and white kids cus I was half native, and by the black kids for what ever f'in reason.  I ended up sticking to myself as much as possible. There were days when I fantasized about blowing those kids away and a couple of teachers for doing jack about it, and even a few who seemed to egg on the bully's.
I would agree that their of some white Trump supporters that do fit your descriptions.   I think it unfair to put that on a 'The Trump voters',  as if all of his support came from that group.  Some are simply conservative in politics and Trump was close to their world view then Clinton.  I have no idea of the percentages of each group Charles but they are't all the same character ethically or morally.   Those differences exist in any human organization, (this isn't any great insight).  So if you take out all the white bigots, and then the bleeding heart white liberals, does that leave room for any sincere white supporters of equal treatment/racial parity?
It's amazing how many old white Canadian guys spend their days watching FOX. They watch nothing else.  It's like a steady diet of Big Macs from morning til night.
Right. It's just an accident that Gorka, Sessions, Bannon and Miller work for this awful WH.    It's also an accident that white supremacists are ecstatic that he is in the WH.    It's also an accident that Donnie "forgot" who David Duke is.    It's also an accident he that he didn't roundly condemn the derplorables who are the only ones at fault here, not "many sides".    Yes, the majority of America that did NOT vote for this idiot and do not support him now should just "get over it", no matter what he does, because he won the EC.    Sure.
Mr Shivambo needs help with his maths. 80% of 0 is equal to how much? And that is how much will be invested by serious investors (black an white alike) if you start interfering in how they should invest. That has nothing to do race or politics it is just economics 101.
"Chris Hood, a free speech rally attendee from Dorchester, said people were unfairly making it seem like the rally was going to be "a white supremacist Klan rally." "That was never the intention," he said. "We've only come here to promote free speech on college campuses, free speech on social media for conservative, right-wing speakers. And we have no intention of violence."" -------------------------------------------------------  Sadly this is enough nowadays for the Alt-left to shut down the event. They are firmly against anybody expressing ideas that don't conform to theirs. they hate dialogue. This is scary Orwellian times we are heading into.
Yale is private, the U of O is not. Slavery isn't just some long past forgotten event. It lasted for hundreds of years; today, African-Americans still feel they are second-class citizens. Imagine how you, if you're a white person reading this, would feel about attending a school where a building was named in honor of a white person that had owned and mistreated one of your ancestors. Time to forgive AND forget? I'd argue, "Hell, no!" Either one has the capacity to see another's point of view or one doesn't. It simply is unacceptable to continue to praise these men by leaving the buildings' names in place. They've had their day in the sun, it's time to retire them to the shade.  I propose we rename the two buildings either for other Oregonians with cleaner backgrounds or else for black civil rights leaders such as WEB Du Bois or Frederick Douglass.
Lynn,  As your post suggests, black on black violence may be so high in the black community simply because that is who those who initiate violence have as victims.  In general economics has always concentrated the classes into their own areas.  Hence, European-Americans (whites) kill European-Americans, African-Americans (blacks) kill African-Americans, Asian-Americans kill Asian-Americans, etc. more than one ethnicity group kills another.  In America, it seems the more you move down the economic ladder and into the concentrated areas of the poor, the more violence occurs.  That would make an interesting graph if true.
Why do refer to the Holy Father as "Bergoglio"?  That's the way those who do not respect Pope Francis refer to him.  Even non-Catholics, non-Christians and non-believers refer to him as "Pope Francis".   He is also not a "PR pope".   HE'S THE REAL THING!  Shortly after he became pope, he was photographed in public, not in the official Pope cassock, but in a thin white tunic with a rope around his waist.  Someone must have convinced him to appear more "popelike" now that he was a public figure.  This must be one of the jobs of the valet.  For anyone with a demanding job like the pope's, a valet/assistant, is a necessity not a luxury.    Pope Francis may have HVAC but he doesn't take long vacations in a palace.   I would assume that the proceeds of the tours go to some legitimate Vatican budget. The use of the word "profit" makes it sound like personal enrichment.  There's a difference between selfish personal enrichment and responsible, ethical financing of  legitimate expenses.
Well, he has been right up until this week.  The dems have focused on gender, skin color, sexual orientation, as the centerpiece of their platform for nearly a decade.  Meanwhile, the GOP has completely stolen the blue color worker vote (especially white worker) out from under them.
I was not intimating your sources were white males, I was attempting to point out that when the military was integrated all the pilots one would meet were white males and the majority were not in favor of integration.  At the time there was only one black air unit so their numbers would have been inconsequential. Actual military people do have a say in their future.  They vote like the rest of us.
That photo is bad for society, as is the race.  What the photo shows is the world's fastest people can trace ancestry to genetic selection events happening in Africa where, particularly for those whose ancestors lived within about 1,000 miles of a mountain in Kenya, the past few tens of thousands of years led to environmental survival benefits for those who could run very fast.  Frighteningly, what that says is tissues such as muscles, bones, joints, tendons, lungs and blood can be modified by environmental demands, giving those people the fastest running abilities on the planet due to evolutionary events.  That information is too dangerous. Why? Because armed with it, it is easy to realize that since genetic selection due to  environment can impact those organs, it can also impact the brain.  What's needed? End the race and instead have an affirmative action race, including Asians and white people and Inuit: Call it the "kinda like Trudeau's original cabinet" race.  Ban it as is.
US Elite in 1965: End segregation and give African-Americans the right to vote  News item in 1965: Overwhelming majority of Southern whites are against integration or giving the vote to African Americans  US Elite in 1860: End slavery News item in 1860: Civil War begins
For you it means anything but white normal folks like Palin, Trump, Regan, Wayne, Eastwood, Popeye!
Prove they are fake. You keep calling them that but provide no proof. We have proof they are happening.  You have nothing. You want everyone to do their own research when what you mean is read StormFront or Breitbart or any other alt-white neo-nazi websites.  You are not actually standing for anything. You are simply saying no and stomping your feet.  You want people to take you seriously, try posting some facts and not just anti-jewish rhetoric.  I mean you don't want me to call you a neo-nazi don't say things like... "This tactic is a favorite of the Zionists."
>pride belongs to non-whites >pride belongs to everyone  what did they mean by this ?  maybe you should stop rewriting history and stop trying to erase the history of whites just because you people don't have any accomplishments of your own.
And weirdly enough we don't see boys do the same. Women's sports should skyrocket, god, they should have always dominated if women held so much more sexual sway over men, yet they don't. Men and women rather see men compete than women, but just a small trip to  highschool soccer field to see why the girls are there. Women held sway over men, social sway, emotional sway, which is biological in nature. Men are biologically programmed to help women and empathize with them in a way women aren't when it comes to men, but face reality, women don't need it anymore. What women lack now is legitimate grievances to trigger white knight instincts on men. And men now have the power to work on their grievances without hurting a single woman in the process. Besides that what women had that men didn't is an instinct to exploit men because it gets them hot. Male sacrifice, injury and death is shown as foreplay in erotic novels which were always female oriented but now even more.
". . .  the president lit the White House in the colors of the rainbow flag when the Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage and I can’t recall him doing anything similar for working class white folk. "  Really? As I recall, and correct me if I am wrong, the White House is lit up in white pretty much all the time.  That was a pretty clear expression of the "zero sum" game the neo-conservatives have been selling to "working class white folk" for quite some time to get working class whites to vote against their own economic interests.  To wit -- Any degree of "equality" in anything that is earned by a minority after years of activism must come at the expense of a privileged majority.
The Proud Boys do not represent the white male, I'm proud to say.  There have always been guys who enjoyed doing the macho strut; it's just this time they have started to organise. I doubt if their organisational skills are very high, though.
Natives are at risk in their  homes. They are at risk on reserves. They are at risk off reserves.They are at risk from family members. They are at risk from other natives. They are at risk from strangers. They are at risk from white people.   They are at risk in towns. They are at risk in cities. They are at risk if they go to  school. They are at risk if they don't go to school. What can Trudeau do about that?
Did Ms. Khan escape criticism? The article noted she's heard quite a lot of it.   White Canadians were apparently tired of holding their tongues around persons of colour or those of the Muslim faith. So once they found someone they figured "deserved" a talking to, they let her have it.   All I read here is a lot of people having a temper tantrum. So what if some student said something uncivil? Who cares? But no, apparently, she needs to be taught a lesson...  You could just rise above this you know. Seeing as her words don't actually threaten you in the slightest...
"Denver & Boulder are actually attractive places to live, unlike the more conservative areas of the state."--Boulder is over 80 percent white and Denver is now agonizing over "gentrification" and the lack of affordable housing.    Apparently your point here is that cities are made nicer by rich white people.
Agreed.  However different groups have different motives.  Anarchists don't want any central government (if they are true anarchists) and have been around for decades and not just in the USA while Antifa want to drown out, sometime with violent means, the racist white supremacist groups.  More specific than lumping them into one group.  By the way, the socialists cannot stand the anarchists but most would agree with the antifa (in theory but certainly not in practice).  ...you come across as bright guy so I think you know all of this already and we probably mostly agree on this anyway.  Thanks for the conversation nonetheless.
Members of Trump's white-nationalist and nativist base seem to disagree with Mr. Obama.
The ANC was quite correct to avoid association with the Biko legacy, since his ideas make racial reconciliation impossible. The BCM inspired attacks on colonial symbols clearly show an intention to erase the white legacy of South Africa as a means of assuaging black feelings of inferiority and asserting black pride. After all, nothing is more injurious to the self regard of a racial supremacist than another race's accomplishments.
And he (and his apologists) keeps using the word "fake" incorrectly. Fake news is the stuff they all consume - Faux, Drudge, Breitbart, Rush, WorldNetDaily, InfoWars, etc...   At this point, this president* is nearly indistinguishable from the average Faux demographic - old, white, angry and gullible enough to buy into the Faux narrative.
I agree a ten year old would not likely ask an adult how something made them feel either. But the current Denby could have included a line in her article like 'as upset as this made me as a young child, I can only imagine how upsetting this was to my maid, so and so .' Otherwise it comes across as a tad self-congratulatory. One of my friends asked me today, why doesn't Civil Beat ever ask a minority to write about their experiences with racism in Hawaii? For someone who is in the dominant position (i.e. white) to only notice or complain about racism or prejudice when it makes them unconformable is a continuation of white privilege. That is just how that paragraph struck me.
Southern Poverty Law center. The SPLC's data is so inaccurate the FBI dumped them as a legitimate source of tracking "Hate Groups" because the SPLC has a clear agenda and they can't be used as a legitimate source.  As far as white privilege is concerned, it should be named more accurately, "Two parent" privilege.  It is a fact that If you are raised by a father and mother, you enter adulthood with more privileges than anyone else in American society, irrespective of race, ethnicity, or sex. That’s why the poverty rate among two-parent black families is only 7 percent.
"Despite the immigration obstacles, if Steve Bannon, former White House chief strategist for the Trump administration, wanted proof for his controversial thesis aired on "60 Minutes" that the Catholic Church needs Latino immigrants, St. Peter would be a prime example."  Steve Bannon made that remark to spread fear of immigrants and hatred of the Catholic Church.  Unfortunately, some white Catholics have bought that message.
There is no such thing as "reverse" racism. To say this is to imply that whites have a monopoly on racism. Racism is racism. Period.
If Milo were a green haired, gender social justice militant, who has embraced the innocence of Islam, everything he said would have been considered his right to say, and maybe even a step in the right direction by fellow green haired   gender   social warriors who think the arbitrary age of 18-year age  is oppression by the straight white patriarchy. Milo's primary sin was simply being conservative.
Massively funny.  The Bob now connects climate change to white supremacy.  And some readers will suck it up.  Incredible.
Well, by "conservative Catholics" I meant conservative Catholics. Obviously evangelicals bear an even greater responsibility in this debacle, but my concern here is with Catholic involvement.  For those conservative Catholics who express a coherent religio-political ideology, it seems to me a reactionary, fundamentally undemocratic restorationist/theocratic/monarchical model. This would explain the astonishing complacency among conservative Catholics toward Russian interference in the election and Trump's admiration for and connections with Vladimir Putin. Indeed Putin is perceived by some (many?) Christians as a defender of white Western Christianity against the secular pluralism of democratic republics like the United States. It is not, as was feared by anti-Catholics of yore, that Catholic loyalty would reside with the Pope instead of the nation. Rather some prefer a dictator and thug who allies with the church. Ring a bell?
It was the cheer squad at Denver East.  I doubt it was only white girls.  Besides.....there has to be an indication he did what he did simply because the girl was white.  The girls just BEING white doesn't constitute a hate crime.
Well,  the fact is that he is only the 20th Muslim to be arrested in American on terrorism charges, since 911.  That is out of 3.5 MILLION Muslims in our nation.  This is just a small, vocal, and dangerous minority within Islam.  They seek attention and publicity with their acts of terror and murder.  While there may be many Muslims that share their ultra conservative religious beliefs, they are not dangerous people.  It is just as equally wrong for the tiny minority of people that are in white supremacy groups in our nation, to be used to then paint all conservative white Americans as being racists.   They hold their offensive demonstrations to gain attention and publicity too.  Many Conservatives and Liberals in our nation, both unfortunately like to engage in such unfair and biased stereotyping, which is very un-American in nature.   There is guilt across the political spectrum in our society.   But most are so blinded by their ideology, that they don't see it applying to them.
Trump needs to do something or at least say something to help to stop these Nazi and supremacist groups going around the country looking to beat up people who disagree with their fascist, racist hate message. Local police need to stop these groups that are known for violence and ban their weapons and shields and keep them separated from counter protestors. The visiting out of town police officer who went to get friends out of the melee noted these groups were organized, attacked on signal, carried weapons, and were young and strong-- older counter protestors were punched, and knocked down-- and there attackers had to be restrained. This will lead to more violence--black and white football players on campuses where this is occurring have had to be stopped from going to these demonstrations and confronting the racist groups-- which are becoming more violent with more young Nazi participation.
The CBC presents the Toronto white Anglo-Saxon Protestant Liberal perspective on the world. I am sure that they were very proud of the series until they released it in the real world.
Huh.  Big headline with "white nationalist" in it.  I wonder if the AP reporter is aware that "La Raza" is a brown nationalist organization?  Or that "Black Lives Matter" is a black nationalist organization?  And that both groups were represented among the "counter protesters".  She probably is but it would be politically incorrect to have her say so, working for the AP and all.
Rhyner, I said nothing about those without colleges degrees should shut up about the issues. I stated that the Trump fan base is made up of mostly older, undereducated, white males.  Your reading comprehension is about where I would expect a Trump fan's to be, as are your hopes of what Trump's Great Wall will accomplish. If you don't like being called a Trumpeter, stop being one.
This is  the very first time that I know of that Obama has been put on the hotspot for anything, and after eight years of corrupt, underhanded, surreptitious dealings 'from the White House to you', it's about time someone had the presence of mind and heart to be on the offensive against that socialist Islamic America-baiting fully entrenched leftist perversion that the first race-roiling pseudo-black president has fostered.   This repay is well-deserved by the Demo(n)crats who have been offering up so much lack of respect and downright hate speech toward a sitting president, accusing him and his cabinet daily of this wrongdoing and that picayune detail of bad human nature. They are truly building a house of cards on a Jello mold, and it's time, way past time, that the presidency of this United States returns the favor. Obama and his legacy of shame must be stopped. Mr. Trump knows the Leftist Dems are playing until there's a winner, and know nothing but force.  I vote McCarthy!
Thanks for standing up for white people. Pepe is proud of Volk like you.
"More than one in three U.S. Muslims fear they could be targeted by white supremacist groups following President Donald Trump’s election ..."  Yes they could be...could be... or may be not . Once again we  face the spectre of the "white supremacists" out there waiting to kill, but, looking across the globe at who is killing and/or          persecuting Muslims...it ain't  "white" supremacists....
Black. White. Us. Them.  But not an oversimplification.  Got it.  (Skeexix, s-l-o-w-l-y backing out of the room . . .)
RC, the problem is whenever anything violent happens we seem to be drawn to whatever stereotypes we want to confirm. In the case of minorities, we'll usually find some family background that is angry black, dissatisfied middle eastern, islamic, antiamerican immigrant, etc. But other than some token "connected to white supremacist" or misplaced southern pride these events the usual story is abstract mental issues, depression, etc. It's rare to see anything presented as "my faith drove me to it" even if the evidence is out there. Obviously, it's all nutty. Violence is not the answer. But don't kid yourself. They all do it, right/left, christian/islam/etc, and the usual thuggy riot enthusiasts when there's no soccer game to pillage over.
How did you feel about Curt Schilling (a white man) being fired by ESPN for exercising his 1st Amendment right to free speech on Twitter? Hill should have been fired a long time ago, not for her politics, but for being unwatchable. She is a big reason, along with Stephen Smith that ESPN is a dying network.
you completely missed my point but I can understand, you folks don't understand locals, only what you believe is right and oftentimes you folks are wrong.  a person who is local born and raised in the islands will always be local, but a mainlander who wants to come here for a vacation to be police chief will never be a local. he will bring his racist attitude, thinking that he knows best and the natives don't know any better.  this exactly what you and leste p, are, white supremacists.
Hey, John  I was just reading a book where you got a shout out.  Keep telling it like it is, John, and remember, not all white people are devils, some of us appreciate and stand up for all peoples.
Hello?  One just has to look at the American President, giving whites a free pass but condemning non-whites?  Um, yes, sure, if only the American President could emulate the Canadian folks running Black Lives Matter, Toronto Chapter, sure, yes, then we would  see even-handed and fair ascriptions of blame to people of all colours without any colour being singled out for special berating...  ... roll eyes...
Plenty of blame to go 'round.  All the photos of lynch mobs I've ever seen showed "working white men" standing around and beneath burned and/or beaten black corpses hanging from ropes around their necks.  The mobs were frequently organized and led by local cops and deputies.  Were they manipulated or even ordered to perpetrate their heinous deeds by the scions of white American "aristocracy"?  Certainly.  But their "white working" hands still had blood on them.  "I was just following orders" hasn't been been a viable excuse since Nuremberg--except in the US.  Only today they say "I felt threatened", or "he looked like he was reaching for something" instead.
Please note in the images of violence in this piece are young white males happy to wreck havoc with no clue as to why the people are protesting. It's permission and an excuse to them.  We used to call them hooligans...before concealed and open carry.
I was driving from Denver to Sante Fe a number of years ago, listening to KOA radio talk show host "Gunny Bob" rant, "What is it about ILLEGAL you don't understand?"  I was on I-25 between Walsenburg and Trinidad and had my cruise control set on 83 in a 75, and started counting the number of cars and trucks that passed me like I was standing still, and got tired of counting when I got to 36 in less than 15 minutes.  Illegal entry is a misdemeanor, and carries a penalty that is typically less than a speeding ticket for first offense, on the rare occasions when it's prosecuted.  67% of the "illegals" from Mexico in this state have lived here for more than ten years, and a lot of them own their homes.  (They didn't have to show citizenship to get a mortgage prior to 2008.)  I checked the state criminal records, and the illegals have a lower crime rate than the whites.  It's the legal hispanics who are 2nd or 3rd generation who have a higher crime rate, and most of them are citizens.
That 'old white man' is not representative of most of US!  While I don't condone the statement I would be curious as to what made him make it.  America is big enough for everyone as long as they are willing to accept our laws and standards OR willing to work for change without getting radical.. NOT being white should never make anyone feel unwelcome or insecure...  PERIOD!
Sorry, Terre: Richards' stats are correct.   But some clarification is needed for yours.  First, please cite them.  Secondly, you have an interesting way of interpreting your figures.  ~71% of blacks are now raised by a single parent. That is woefully small. You can't and won't "*statistics*" your way out of the fact that the vast majority of how blacks are raised in this country is broken, and if you speciously think that a black man dropping by once a month to see their child is tantamount to *"being active in their children's lives,"* then you are regrettably mistaken.  It is far easier for social justice warriors to tell whites *they* are the problem when nothing could be further from the truth.  Segregation has been over for 60 years- it is time for the black community to ask itself who their new *Heroes* are, and stop blaming others for the choices they make.
So , in the limited space allowed here, I give very compact explanation of the civil war and you disagree and basically say it was all about slavery. That fact is wrong. There were many other reasons, but you did show that the Southern states did not want to be governed by the North and that was the major reason for the war. Comparing the kkk and white nationalist to ISIS........really. That's good example of the partisan hyperbole that makes this whole subject a joke. All this crying and whining is not about racism, it's about partisan politics. You guys will be exposed for this as the details and investigation come out.
there is no way to predict with certainty who is going to become addicted to pharmaceuticals and who is not.  Just because you don't understand how someone could become addicted doesn't mean that the cause and solution is required to be moralistic.  Addiction is a medical condition, just like cancer, diabetes and high-blood pressure.  Your judgement of the situation is sadly clouded with moralistic judgements that you likely don't proscribe to equally self-induced illnesses like Type II Diabetes or high-blood pressure.  What is really sad is that when non-white people were dying because of these addictions - no one cared.  Now that it is white peoples' kids who are dying, everyone is waving their arms hysterically - don't think that message is lost on the medical community.  Many doctors yesterday asked "Why now?" knowing full well the real reason.
Get a clue, sister.  The great, great majority of whites are not as you allege, and your saying that they are simply leads to resentment, and in the end, results in tuning you out because of all your excessiveness.  If you want to be heard, stop talking racist BS and start telling the truth.  BTW, if my head were in the sand, I would not have supported those who protested against neo-Nazis and white supremacists in Charlotte, nor supported the removal of Confederate monuments.  David Blight says much that's true, but he omits significant truths as well.  He omits discussion of the level of hate among blacks towards whites.  If you think that doesn't exist in large measure, YOUR head is in the sand.
I don't like how the word "racism" has come to be equated with "racial bias". Back in the civil rights era, there were plenty of racists. These were people with a willful ideological belief in the supremacy and separateness of the white race, and a political agenda to implement and perpetuate it through legal, political, and institutional means. While such racism as an ideological belief is surely not dead, I believe that it has greatly declined.  But today we are willing to call someone a "racist" when they have an unconscious racial bias. And indeed, the studies cited in the article show that that includes almost everybody. I believe that this is an unfortunate cheapening of the term "racist". I am not saying that we should not fight unconscious biases, only that there is a big difference between such biases and racism as a belief.
this dude should pay the price. He's no different than the Die Hard Democratic supporter who tried to gun down Rep.'s on the softball field. Too bad there was no cop protecting the public be it protecting the White Supremacists or anti-White Supremacists. he'd be dead
Perhaps "(Obama) was, as one person put it at a local chapter meeting, “incomprehensible” and a sign that the world that they knew was falling apart."  They were shocked that we got a black president which was everything they had hoped would never happen in their lifetime and a desire to re-assert white male heterosexual dominance. The Resistance doesn't have that unifying mindset. Instead, it has diversity which inevitably leads to a difference of opinions and goals.
Why start this in Alabama when he was ostensibly down there to campaign for Strange?  Strange loses and all of a sudden Trump is deleting the three tweets in which he bragged about how much his presence in Alabama had sent Strange's poll ratings on a surge.  Strange loses, surging poll tweets are gone. This little ditty illuminates Trump's real issues just as much as his comments on kneeling NFL players.  Trump is about his ratings, always his ratings.  It doesn't take deep dark conspiracies to figure out Trump will play to his base and that he thinks losing his base is tantamount to losing everything. Unfortunately, his base includes lots of entitled white males so confederate flags next to the US flag is perfectly fine, kneeling black football players protesting police targeting is not.
CNN breaking news: Harvey is a white man's name. Why does the hurricane have to be named after a white man? If Trump mentions the hurricane by name it's proof that he is a racist KGB agent.
No it is not. But there is no rational way of measuring it. Nor is there any sensible reason to do so because 'not as evil as X' is a seriously meaningless claim.  So we might as well treat it as if it's equal.  That said if there is a difference it's not in what was achieved by the evil person. It's in what beliefs guided his evil.  So I have no qualms putting white supremacists all in the same 'worst of the worst' rating. The only difference between any of them and Hitler is opportunity.
Golly - are you being uncivil? LOL. O.K. Yep, I confess - I disapprove loudly and consistently of stands that support white supremacy. I oppose race or religion based policies that demonize, treat as other than equals or ostracize others within a secular government. I am not fond of a POTUS who literally does not seem to know what reality is. Someone who feels women are there to be used by people in positions of power are low lifes of the worst sort. I will oppose those who through simplistic thinking deny objective reality. Yep, I am a hater.   As for yesterday, did you forget that Carly lied and people died here? Or is that different? Gosh - is it possible that extremists exist, with or without political coverage? St. Ronald comes to mind, as does Ms. Giffords. Yesterday was nothing new. Just ask President Garfield.
Do not enable the confederacy.   Do not excuse the confederacy.  Do not resurrect the confederacy.   Do not venerate the confederacy.   Do not legitimize the confederacy.  Do not idolize the confederacy.   Do not tolerate the confederacy.  The popular post Civil War song, "Oh, I'm a Good Ole Rebel," epitomizes the bitter feelings of many defeated Confederates. In the song, the former Confederate soldier laments that he can no longer fight, but proclaims, "I don't want no pardon for what I was and am, I won't be reconstructed and I don't care a damn!"   Just like Trump, the Confederacy was never about asking for forgiveness and...it's definitely not American to apologize to the Confederacy, past or present.  Those who want a white supremacist home land, amend the Constitution for secession.
This is a good article, but I am going to nitpick on one part. It is sort of a white privilege thing to write about how the maid being excluded made you feel, and not even wonder how it made the maid feel. The fact that you were coming from riding lessons to an exclusive club I presume your family belonged to doesn't exactly help that perception.
Home Capital has always been a very profitable company. It had an old fashioned (out of the dirty 30's) run on the bank and nobody would help because of the impending OSC investigation. Luckily they did have one white knight who saved the day and from here on in with some hard work and major butt kissing things should work out. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------2016-  2015 - 2014- 2013-  3.71-- 4.09--	4.45--- 3.66------ Diluted EPS Excluding Extraordinary Items  0.98- 0.88-- 0.70--- 0.54----- Dividends per Common Share  3.70-- 4.07--4.45--- 3.66----- Diluted Normalized EPS (google finance)
First, it never said they were illegals but only Guatemalan and Mexican.  If they were illegals, then ICE may have been justified, but the article didn't have much info.  Secondly, just how many white, out of work US citizens are even interested in doing those jobs? I doubt you'd have many takers.at all.
Only whites have subliminal racism....really Pierre!    ....but spot on about Balance of Probabilities.
"White males like me assume we have a right to be heard" Actually, white males do have the right to be heard, like anyone else, and not have their points automatically dismissed by buzz phrases such as "white male grievances."
Shocker that the man who suffers from White Fragility and small hands seems very obsessed with the woman he lost the popular vote to by 3 million votes.    It's probably because she wasn't really "vanquished"; more like Delicate Donnie was selected by an outdated and baroque system, and even that only by about ~100K votes.    He knows he's considered illegitimate by most of the country.
This is just rank demagoguery.  By the way, America IS a fundamentally white supremacist country. On the one hand it's incredible you would deny it, but on the other hand, it's utterly typical.
Discrimination against the Irish immigrants stopped when they learned to fear and hate black people. That made them white instead of Irish immigrants. Read about the 1863 race riots in New York. They lynched 29 black people over the draft. They didn't want to die to liberate black slaves.
Again, I assume (and hope) that you mention your white, native Oregonian wife as having met at least one Caucasian who treats you with respect. As to proof of the good will of white folks, perhaps some posters here can help. I think I understand your last sentence but would you please say more?
OK.  I'll bite.  Residential schools, for one.  When I grew up they were described as government schools run by the church and staffed by selfless quasi-missionary types who endured cold and hardship to bring education to "Indians" and "Inuit" in most remote corners of Canada.  Now they are seen as centres of cultural genocide where first nation's children who had been forcibly removed from their families were tortured, abused, and sometimes killed by racist, uncaring white teachers, many of whom were vile pedophiles.  So yes, history does get rewritten.    Not politically correct to say so but I'm guessing the truth lies somewhere in between.
Guess you didn't see the white folks on the stage in the vid who actually performed.
If a Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian, then why racialize children into different cultural groups?  Are First Nations children more important than the other children of Canada?  Does a white child feel hunger less than a visible minority child?  There has been too much emphasis by this government to racialize and genderize everyone.  Picking and choosing winners and losers by race and gender means many Canadians, including children, are being left behind.
If you're going to celebrate or march for "free speech" and you find yourself beside a white person decked out in helmet, a mask and body armour or a black person wearing a bandana like a stage coach robber from a Hop A Long Cassidy Western...perhaps consider that their picture is worth a 1000 words and get the hell out of there and in part probably because whatever side of the political/racial fence they are on...the ability to converse intelligently whilst maintaining their cool is not part of their repertoire and so sooner or later they will revert to an outpouring of frustration that becomes ever more physical and perhaps offensive or destructive because they lack the ability to present their argument in the free speech they end up "fighting" for!  Methinks from the reports I've read so far and the brief glimpses I've taken of CNN, that the "right" may have suckered those to their "left" in Boston today and perhaps America's answer lies at the ballot box in 2018 and 2020!
--When I was a kid in rural Wisconsin, the local canning plant had to import Jamaicans during the pea canning season to deal with the left-over silage.  It was hot, dirty, nasty work and the locals (100% white) wouldn’t take those jobs.--
Funny, when my son was little, a white woman on a bus on which we were traveling asked me what his mother was.  When I said she was 'black', she demanded with considerable venom 'what are you doing with a black child?'  To which my only answer was, 'I'm his father.'  Late last year had the same question put to me by another (white) stranger when I took my four year-old grandson, who's a little more obviously black than is my son, to visit relatives.  My answer this time was, 'I'm his grandpa.'
Well, Kobach has gotten convictions on 9 people that were convicted of voter fraud (over a period of several elections).  8 of them were US citizens that had voted in 2 states (and white, non-Hispanic, and Republican, no less).  He finally got his first conviction of a foreigner.  As you'll see, he wasn't a Mexican national, either:  http://www.kansascity.com/news/politics-government/article144256424.html  Don't you hate it when your silly innuendo is countered by facts?
We use to have wolves that were occasionally seen here on the mouth of the Kenai River prior to 1999 but since the Board of Game has allowed many wolves to be killed and want to kill the rest, , I haven’t seen a wolf on the Kenai in the last 12 to 15 years...  Perhaps another wolf will move in to the territory that this white wolf maintained while alive...
Agreed. Most progressives I know would be ecstatic if the black bloc (agent provocateurs?) would stop showing up at these things.    They don't represent us.    When it comes to right wing violence, many moderate Republican condemn it, but not enough.    And many right wingers lined up behind Trump despite being adored by white supremacists, which constitute the biggest threat via terrorism in this country.
Wow, you really don't get it at all. Most of the history we're taught in schools IS "white history", very little about anyone else unless one searches for it. However, it's really nice that you celebrate Black History month...I think...depends on how...
Actually, a pretty good article on William Seward. Defending Andrew Johnson was perhaps one of the most questionable deeds of Seward's public life. Johnson was a avowed white racist even if he was an Union man and his plan to return back the clock in the south would have undone what four bloody years of the Civil War has accomplished. The fact that Seward stood by Johnson, in the same way he stood by Lincoln, is a reflective quality of his character.
Lana, Are there offensive words? Try calling people Haole and keep a job. Haole does not have an agreed upon definition in Hawaiian. From "breathless" to "white bark" etc. It means White and that word can be used hatefully. You know this already and so does Mr. Blair.
It's one thing to consider yourself a junior American but at the very least there should be some indication, subtle if it must be or even some sort of code, to let readers know that you are in fact a Canadian. An editor of Canada's national newspaper no less. In reality this is not as black and white as you think it is and you have no knowledge of the nuances involved. The politics. The demographics. The key people involved and their agendas other than the current noble fight against racism.
We’re killing off the entire white race  by making them addicted to heroin, cocaine crack, meth, spiked marijuana, ecstasy, spice, hash and other poisons.We tell white people addictive drugs will make them feel better, then they overdose and die or kill each other trying to get more money for drugs, or they die from the Chinese chemicals we put in the drugs.      We are carrying out genocide of the white race! LaRaza!  http://www.10news.com/news/mysterious-filers-threaten-genocide-of-the-white-race
agree.  But she is already playing the race card arguing that the Asians at HPD did her husband in.  We knew she was always anti-white and cynically used that to protect herself.  Look behind the foul curtain people.
Whites make up between 65 and 70 percent of alaskas population.  In 2012 14 murders (or non-negligent manslaughter) in alaska were committed by white men and 14 were committed by men of other races,  5 additional murders occurred where the race was unknown.  Of 33 murders 11 involved a firearm.    Half of the murders were committed by non-whites who account for 35 percent of our population and the other half by whites, 65 percent of our population, with only a third of those involving a firearm.  Clearly you have a problem with "White men" who are "Into guns"--"ESPECIALLY  in Alaska".  The question is why do you feel that way when the numbers don't support what you are insinuating.
Snowflake-in-Chief Twitler was extra-triggered on Twitter this morning,   ...maybe because his angry white boy base is pissed off about the DACA thing.
continued from above:  He kept repeating his assertion that he didn't know anything about Duke, the Klan – even when Tapper twice name-checked them – or white supremacist groups. .  "I have to look at the group," he said when asked about organizations denounced by the Anti-Defamation League.  . "I don't know what group you are talking about, you wouldn't want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about; I'd have to look.  . If you would send me a list of the groups, I will do research on them and certainly I would disavow if I thought there was something wrong." . .  Trump never denounced the KKK.  He tried to weasel out by disavowing the KKK, which is a lie.  He installed some in the White House.  .
utilitas - please document and prove your wild eyed guess.  Others here have provided links that document and demonstrate an answer to your question -why did they vote Trump?  For myriad reasons if they are white rural voters: - angry because they *perceive* that they are not getting their fair share (whether true or not is besides the point with these voters) - want to go back to the 1950s when whites were in power - hidden and not so hidden racism - same with misogyny - nationalism that is based upon mythology - lack of education - cultural divide - right wing evangelism - anti-government (but ask and they demand Medicare, Social Security, crop subsidies, etc.  Somehow, those are not government programs) - gerrymandering - voter suppression  Sorry - it is not beyond dispute.....family farms are also large businesses these days - fact of life.  They depend upon the undocumented workers and visas that they can ask/receive and these continue to increase (disproving your guess)
Yea. SAD. everyone cries because they want recognition and representation and people to learn about the culture, then when you get some recognition and a method to get some serious interest, they complain. And when i say serious interest, when a child asks for a costume like that, this is your opportunity to tell the real stories. it is marketing to get the interest, it is your job to make sure the story is accurate.  Instead i guess Disney will stick with white stories (snow white, goldylocks, etc) cause its "PC safe" and then get blamed for promoting white privileged even more.  James, Whats that term ? BMW ?  i like that... might have to add that to my dictionary.
There's still a major trust deficit with millions of black voters. There are many people that I've spoken to that are disillusioned with the ANC, are suspicious of the EFF, and really don't trust the DA. The DA is winning black votes but has to *double* it's numbers to get a majority. There are no more white voters for it. It's demographics.  So yeah, if they lose a few white voters, but actually gain the trust of more black voters, they have a chance. But Zille loses *potential*, on-the-fence, young black voters who are looking for a new political home whenever she tweets about how awesome colonialism was because plumbing.  And that's what makes me mad. So she puts her party in a difficult position of having to make a decision about what to do about the woman who made them a real opposition, but now seems determined to slow those gains. Whites don't get to praise Colonialism. We told our story for centuries. Now we listen.
If you saw any of the photographs in the news of the Charlotteville riots you would have seen the people wearing helmets and brandishing baseball bats or home-made flame throwers.  Guess what those are your leftists supporters, not the "alt-right".  Guess what further, those people came uninvited and without permits.  I am not a spokesperson for the white supremacists or the Nazis and I do not believe they have a higher moral ground, but when it comes to riots and violence almost no riots in the last 50 years in the USA could have happened if it did not involve the leftists.
It might be irrelevant to you, but to black people who are getting killed by police at a rate of 600% over white people, it might be relevant.   We are all created equal but somehow its not equal.  This is what the president should be working on.
Is it just me or does anyone else notice in the picture of Trump signing the executive order that everyone in the picture is a white male?
There was a link to the posts they did last year discussing this troll to see how it will pan out.  Mind you, I don't spend enough time in 4chan to know if you can fake an old posting and change dates, but that's what they claim.   I only thought the timing and details are curious.  It is indeed a perverted act that they described, and I can see why people who already made up their minds that lucifer morningstar is headed into the white house will believe  in something so perverted yet hysterically funny in the most politically incorrect way.  Is he going to do the same with the mattress in the white house before tossing it out?
You forget:  Sessions is a 'good old boy', a long-time Senator.  And his Senator buddies will back him 100% because of that.  No matter that his is a racist, misogynist, white supremacist, throw-back to 18th Century. As for Trump:  he is without a doubt, senile and is re-enacting his 'you're fired!' role on reality-TV.
Not sure if America is just a contradiction, a case study in hypocrisy, or just backward/unevolved, or all of the above.  How many countries have or have had female leaders again?   Even on the African continent for gripes sake, which we N-Americans like to describe as '3rd world' at worst and 'developing' at best.  It was shocking to me to hear white and black women actually say out loud that a woman couldnt be president because of her 'hormones' (apparently men dont have any of these) or just because she was 'female'.
"We"? Do you mean white European Christians? That mystical concoction that some Canadians believe that Canada was created to serve and nurture? The world is changing and the face of Canada is rapidly changing. It's time to put your xenophobia in your back pocket and embrace the new reality.
"In American politics, the southern strategy was a Republican Party electoral strategy to increase political support among white voters in the South by appealing to racism against African Americans.[1][2][3] As the Civil Rights Movement and dismantling of Jim Crow laws in the 1950s and 1960s visibly deepened existing racial tensions in much of the Southern United States, Republican politicians such as presidential candidate Richard Nixon and Senator Barry Goldwater developed strategies that successfully contributed to the political realignment of many white, conservative voters in the South to the Republican Party that had traditionally supported the Democratic Party.[4] It also helped push the Republican Party much more to the right.[4]" from wikepedia   I think we can file your "fantasy" along side Mr. Trump's "alternative facts."  Gary Crum
i'm a white woman in my late 60's and believe me, they are not too crazy about me either!!
Guessing that CONald will be paying a serious chunk of change for the white supremacist murderer in Richmond.  "Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell — I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees. I promise. I promise."
No, Grizzly. Because there's no reason to keep pretending that the mass murderers by sick individuals who decide to yell "Allah" is any different from sick individuals who say "for the babies" or "I want to start a race war" or any other reason.  I'm going to pay attention to the US, because I live here- not in one of the stricter Muslim nations. I'd prefer that all the nutjobs who picked up guns or bombs weren't doing it. I was working in Oklahoma City the year of the bombing, so I'm not as picky as folks who prefer focusing on one category of terror here.  I also happen to live in a neighborhood with a lot of Muslim immigrants.  You know what they do?  They push kids in strollers. They shop. They hang out in the park. They go to work and send their kids to school. They've never murdered me, or me them.  So no, if people want to label all Muslims because of what a few twisted ones do, it's no different from warning you about all Whites - based on a few twisted ones. Same difference.
You're missing the point. No one is seriously suggesting Bannon is a conspirator in a plot to overthrow Pope Francis. Straw man.  The point is there's an ultra-conservative, Burkean faction in the Catholic Church with ideological ties to Bannon and the "alt-right." Further, this faction represents one vector in a trans-national, ideological realignment toward authoritarianism, ethno-nationalism, Islamophobia and patriarchy. and away from democracy, pluralism and egalitarianism. Hence the pivot among conservative Christians to the former font of all evil, Russia. And under what glorious banner has this shift occurred? Anti-abortion/anti-feminism, anti-LGBT rights and white supremacy.  Anyone care to dispute any of this?  I'd never read Emma-Kate Symons and took some of her piece as rhetorical. Apparently we live in a moment where it's necessary to point out that neo-Nazism is bad and the church should have nothing to do with it. Good for her.
I quit calling Alaskan Natives "Eskimos "when I first came to the state in 1978. It was obvious to me that this term I was familiar with was from some movies and tv shows prior to me landing in this state. By the time I got to Alaska the "eskimos" were over being called "eskimos" and I learned the real names of the Native people in Alaska and Northern Canada and just accepted it like no big deal.  However, the term "white" people?  That could go out of style a lot easier today if not so many "white" people still call themselves "white".  I don't care for "white" I am light tan.   LOL
Now that is a truly puzzling remark.  Maybe CNN or the New York Times might describe the victims and their killer as white.  A Hawaii newscaster would at most say "deeply tanned."   In any event, dead is dead.
We reap what we sow.  State support of higher education has plummeted over the last two decades.  Colleges and universities are now reliant on tuition dollars to keep the doors open.  As a result, students are now "consumers," and have increasing influence on the content of their education.  History involving "dead white males" is deemed irrelevant, and the product has been modified to meet the demand of the current consumers.  The curriculum is nearly unrecognizable to me in comparison to what I experience as an undergraduate in the 1970's.  As for understanding US politics... one could have ten academic degrees and be utterly unable to explain the current presidential election cycle.
We just lived through a campaign and election of false equivalence and now we have a presidency of false equivalence.  Dog-whistle Trump has salted his administration with people like Bannon, Miller, and Gorka after promising to "Make America, ahem 'Great' Again."  Did anyone doubt that white supremacists like David Duke and his followers would be emboldened by Trump's "MAGA" campaign and appointments? This is their dream come true.  Let's hope and pray that this deplorable presidency is the last of its kind and will immunize the electorate from ever choosing so badly again.
This is because the Catholic Church, the evangelicals and eneducated white angry men (read Archie Bunker) have made the abortion issue the number 1 priority-- NOT because they give a hoot about fetuses or babies--but because they desperately want to subjugate women by making them slaves to primitively biology. Don't forget these dudes are also against birth control and women's leadership.thats the ugly truth. See them for what they are.
The club was a white gentrifier in an old established African American neighborhood, no different than whatever "white" business follows it.  They can't mask that fact  by complaining about "the money" interests chasing them away.
All under the leadership of white men.  Some people are leaders and some are worker bees; the history of white men around the world is clear about who the leaders are.  Mind you, I don't think that makes the leaders any better morally than anyone else, but if you need someone to drive innovation and prosperity, hire the white guy.
And now the Dixiecrats are all Republicans. White racists have found a new home in the GOP. Times have changed.
Islamophobia is perfectly understandable, even justifiable. Why?  Four reasons:  1. While many Muslims are nice people, invite 20 million to come here, and Canada will be a Muslim society with a Muslim government. Some Canadians are asking themselves: Do we want to live in a society similar to those in the Middle East? Also, long before Canada has 20 million Muslims, there will be attempts to change our society, such as demands for the introduction of Sharia law.  2. The violent conflicts between Muslim groups in the Middle East are well known. Do we want to import those conflicts into Canada?  3. Many Canadians from Europe are familiar with the history of the "white slave trade". Between 1600 and 1830, 2.6 million white girls and boys were kidnapped and sold in the Middle East slave markets to serve as labourers, domestics and sex slaves in harems. The Barbary pirates in North Africa sailed as far north as Ireland & Iceland to kidnap white children.   (continued above)
Several commentators have noted that the term white minority capital is used to distract us from other issues. There are two things which I find interesting about this. Firstly, it is able to distract us because it gains substance from the very real problems of inequality and centres of unaccountable power, and of course, the oppression that white people visited on black people during apartheid. In being derived from real problems, it's easy to see how this could resonoate powerfully with those who experience the problem.  The second thing is that the term doesn't merely distract us. It creates an enemy. Thus valid discontent is directed at white people who are now the enemy. Or rather the enemy again. In other words the way that it distracts us is by having us fighting with each other instead of focusing our energy on those who would systematically loot our country to the detriment of us all.
But I thought it was the disaster in the WH who was himself claiming a few years ago that if Obama just said some magical words that things would be different.    Now when Donnie fumbles constantly on that, being unable to even properly condemn Nazis or comfort widows, now what a president says suddenly has no bearing? Do I have that right?   Talk about white privilege.
Trudeau's attention is continually focused on people in China or from China. If it was some country that was uniformly white he would be accused of racism, and not without some justification. What's different about his fixation on China? And when will some brave soul in the media investigate this fixation?
"You have been allowed to immigrate to Canada..." I did not know this.  All black people have recently immigrated to Canada and all white people have not.  Sometimes there generalizations, like 80% of your points above, that should not be made. Me thinks using the "Visible Minority' card is necessary and appropriate some times.
Castro put gay people in concentration camps. Sorry, if a white football player praised a man who put gay people in concentration camps, he'd be a nobody damned quick.
Jefferson spoke eloquently on nullification.The "gummint" doesn't always get it right. Nor do judges. Northern states, SHERIFFS, and citizens refused to honor or participate in actions with respect to the Fugitive Slave Act.Juries do it all the time.So do law enforcement officers.Do you actually think that ALL laws are good?ALL laws should be obeyed?If I respond to a bank robbery, and am told the suspect is black-do you actually think I'll be pulling over white, asian and hispanics?What the left sees as "profiling" in a bad sense, is nothing more than expending your time, money and effort addressing the actual problem,without all the "political correctness" crap.  Hmm, huge problem with illegals from Central and South America,let's see,I know!!!! Let's stop WHITE PEOPLE this week!  And NEXT week, we'll stop ASIANS! You put your resources where the problems are.To do otherwise is not only ignorant, but wasteful.  Trump did EXACTLY the right thing, for the right reason!
"white privilege" lol, And the leader of the free world is... wait for it...... black.
Mr. Brooks pines for a unity that will make him feel comfortable. The goal is not his comfort, the goal is justice for all. We currently have a political party, the Republican party,  that does not believe in equality for all. He should put more effort in addressing that. He could start by saying police should not be allowed to kill children. The 3rd stanza of the Star Spangled Banner talks about denying slaves freedom. That alone is reason not to stand. This country has squandered 200 years resisting the concept of justice for all. He could ask his fellow Americans to repent for those years of ongoing injustice. High school athletes are not the problem. The crisis was created by the founding fathers when they declared freedom to defend race based slavery with rape as part of the business model. We have been working on becoming "a more perfect union" ever since. White people created the race card for fun and profit. Repent that.
He said white supremacy is evil and un-American. Clearly he didn't mean the white supemacists are fine folk.  The question of people's attachment to Confederate monuments is not as simple as BLM wants to make it. There are many fine, patriotic, well-intentioned people who strongly identify with their Confederate ancestors. I know this because I served in the Army with them. They are not racists; they have simply been taught a different version of the Civil War than we have. If Abe Lincoln could reconcile with them as fellow countrymen, with malice to none and with charity for all, then it shouldn't be so hard for Nancy Pelosi to do the same.
So, our educators now go to extremes to avoid having minorities feeling uncomfortable, such as banning Halloween costumes anyone might presumably find offensive.  On the other hand, when it comes to white kids, the goal is explicitly to intentionally make them feel uncomfortable...and better yet, guilty.  So school is becoming, by design, a safe place for some; not so for others.  The lunatics are now clearly running the asylum.
Mainstream Christian churches openly and totally denounce groups like the KKK, and they welcome  people of all races. Unfortunately with the recent trend in anti-white rhetoric, especially against white males,  I wouldn't be surprised if there is some increased interest in retaliation by some with no moral foundation. When President Obama was elected I thought that at least it would help racial relations, and young black children would see that anything is within their reach. Unfortunately, under Obama it was the complete opposite. Race issues seemed much better in the 80s and 90s, now we've done a complete turnaround. Very sad.
It was soldiers from a segregated black battalion who built the Tok Cutoff, a mammoth undertaking crossing rivers and through sloughs in the dead of winter where it gets far colder than in Anchorage. An old timer from Mentasta told me, 25 years ago, that the first "white" man he ever saw was black.  Eastman's racism is simply astounding.
The presumptiousness is sickening my dad (white) was a dp child, fled from war at 3 years old, he was then sent away from home due to lack of food, was abused (beaten) by nuns and finally left home at 13 to work and learn a trade.  What privilege did he have? Some of his neighbours here in canada fled from the baltics as the ussr occupied them, first to sweden and then paid their own passage to canada. No one gave them a helping hand. Once in canada they worked hard and built modern canada.  White guilt? W.t....f are these people serious, no child anywhere should have to suffer war/abuse regardless of skin colour, no child ahould have to suffer like my father.   But this white privilege racism is exactly that, a form of general discrimination based on skin colour. No acknowledgement of individual life stories just blanket accusations and statments. These educators need to learn some history!  How about all the rich immigrants from foreign countries? How are they hard done by in canada?
"My constituents are not particularly happy with the way Juneau is, and they'd like to see a change,"  By change, do you mean more non-empathetic  white guys from the Valley??
John, I am "white as the driven snow".  Blue eyes too.  God help me.  I detest your comment.  There are many more intelligent "whites" that did not vote for the silver-spooned Trump.  You let me down.  Maybe you should reflect on your life .. maybe, just a little bit more.
"The school was overcrowded with illegals."  You know, brown Spanish speakers have lived in Colorado far longer than white English speakers. Just who is the "foreigner" in this scenario?  In addition, using the pejorative "illegals" to describe Spanish speaking Latinos because one assumes that they are undocumented, is by definition, prejudice. Prej·u·dice noun (1) :  preconceived judgment or opinion (2) :  an adverse opinion or leaning formed without just grounds or before sufficient knowledge b :  an instance of such judgment or opinion c :  an irrational attitude of hostility directed against an individual, a group, a race, or their supposed characteristics.
Thank you, Sister, for your usual insightful column. I heard a Christian friend voted for Mr. Trump simply because "I always vote Republican," without thinking about the issues. Another voted for Trump simply because of his dubious pro-life stance: dubious because he has been on both sides of the issue, and his attacks on women don't seem to me to be the attitude of a pro-lifer. What I find most incomprehensible about  Trump's support among evangelicals (80%) and white Catholics (60%), however,  is the free pass these Christians gave  him on his hateful comments. After thinking about those issues, I came to the conclusion that Jesus would not have voted for Mr. Trump.  But as Sister suggests, I think many  of Trump's Christian supporters did not think hard enough about their vote. I found it interesting that in the post-election days Hillary Clinton found it natural to quote Scripture; I cannot imagine Mr. Trump doing that.
Oh please enlighten me, how it a false equivalency? Both nations defeated, yes? Both nations built on the supremacy of the white race and vilifying the race of other? Both continue to be symbols for the far right and white supremacy, yes? Egregious, no slavery is egregious, and down playings its relation to this flag and conflict is egregious.
As I said before, that information is incorrect. Apparently the historians have it wrong. Mostly of who started what, I am probably off by 50 years as to time. Heck, some of these books are so far off, they have Aniak as being started by a white guy in 1914. Look up Kolmokov's 1817 report on Aglurmiut. It's unfortunately in Russian, but a good read on my family is a book called Puyulek Pu'irtuq! The People of the Volcanoes by Michelle Morseth. Their grandfathers and their grandfathers' grandfathers had already been around for much longer. There was also a clear separation between the invading Inupiaq from the north and Suqpiat, my people. Between the Russians and the Eskimos, we were outnumbered and outgunned. I can one day imagine a movie made about that time resembling the one done about the Easter Islanders called Rapa Nui. It must have been quite a story!
It's only going to get worse.  White men are feeling oppressed within Western societies where they are the majority.  By the end of the century in the new world order it is highly likely that greater than 90 % of the worlds wealthiest, most powerful, most famous, and most celebrated humans will not be white males.
I personally like it ... get to hear first hand from a guy who can’t bite his tongue .. It’s very entertaining and let’s face it most media new outlets today really are pretty bad and fake stories and half of them always write about fake white privilage and they tell you about the white guy who killed one person but won’t right about the Muslim or black guy who killed a few people . Their are really only 1 or 2 media news outlets that actually report news without bias or false narrative to fit theeir own agenda.. Not saying trump is honest just saying reading the news today in most case I might as well just watch Disney movies
And there have been a few hundred violent and/or extreme acts of white "nationalist" (supremacy) since the election.  Trump absolutely has been glorifying all the wrong things, and people are seeing it as an open invitation to vent the worst of humanity.   Southern Poverty Law Center has received reports of more than 400 such incidents.  One report I read was of an attack on a Trump supporter, but all the others I have read about are from Trump supporters.  There may be more on Trump supporters, but I haven't seen any in the news.  http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/10/us/post-election-hate-crimes-and-fears-trnd/
Don't erect absurd "straw-man" arguments and attribute them to me.  Show me where I advocated "killing ALL cats, people who like animals and over-privileged white people".  QUOTE me, word-for-word, or admit your libel.  I said unrestrained domestic and feral cats, not ALL cats.  My cat is an indoor-only cat.  As I'm rather fond of him I have no desire to kill him.  I also like lynx, caracals, bobcats, ocelots, Scottish wildcats (the few that are left), cougars, jaguars etc. etc.  It is partly for their sake that I advocate extermination of feral cats.  And if I wanted to kill people who like animals, I'd have to kill myself first.  I share my home with one cat, four Chinese fire-bellied newts, nine eastern box turtles, at least 24 northern dwarf sirens, 46 Oriental fire-bellied toads (five generations), about 60 white cloud minnows and a couple hundred least killifish.  And it's over-privileged white "animal-lovers" like Roy Anthony and Sara Petty who advocate killing humans, not me.
"These folks keep yammering about how white they are."  Yeah.  Kinda' like BLM and black pride and whatnot, doncha' think?  I mean, who cares what color a person's skin is?  I don't.
garycrum - Clearly, the country has been divided for some time now.  Some perspective on presidential racism....  In their first terms,   Bush got 55% of the white vote,  Obama got 43% of the white vote. Bush got 9% of the black vote,  Obama got 95% of the black vote.  Which would you say is more "racist"?   Did I mention that Obama is half white?   Have a great day.
Interesting that you reference "the right thing to do". The "the right thing to do" would be to educate the police so as to not shoot unarmed black civilians, oftentimes in the back, for simple infractions like traffic violations. Or maybe if the sentencing terms for minorities convicted of the same crimes as whites were more even. If those things were occurring, I would imagine the need to protest social inequality would disappear. Again, you are losing sight of the base issue. But I suspect you are in denial anyway. Much easier to pivot to patriotism, or your perceived affront to patriotism.
~ same article:  "Prosecutors wanted to put on the stand 13 other women...  "Cosby's lawyers argued ferociously against it...  "Decision: The judge ruled only one of the 13 women, known as Victim No. 6, can testify. A onetime assistant to Cosby's longtime agent, she claims that during a lunch meeting about her career n 1976, the comedian gave her a white pill and that she woke up next to him in bed.  "Although Cosby was hoping to keep all the women out of the case, the defense could still declare victory. "With any he-said-she-said case, the more people who come forward and tell the same story, the better the prosecution's case," Oliver said. "Cosby versus two women is a better defense scenario than Cosby versus 13."
It's amazing how easily folks are mislead. Trump seems to be the only one speaking truth. Ugly, but true. How on earth can it be ok for people to protest free speech, no matter how deplorable the topic, and ok for their presence to incite violence, but not ok for Trump to point this out?  It's media coverage like this, and reactions of people to that media coverage, that makes so much of what the Trump campaign was all about seem, well, also true. You people don't ask any questions, you see a clip and run with it like it's the only possible truth.  And the logical fallacies in the criticism of Trump are staggering. He defends free speech and freedom of association = he's a white supremacist? Really? And...that's it, simple, black and white?  I'm no right winger and am myself an immigrant, but to pretend that there isn't a terrible media bias against Trump, and to pretend that this bias isn't pretty much treasonous, is to fool yourself.
"Yet to claim that racist attitudes are as bad as ever – even if they’re not overt – is to deny the genuine moral progress that we’ve made. It certainly doesn’t help to declare that all white people are de facto racist" I agree. And I agree people should be judged by their actions rather than by their conditioned responses. But we dare not deny that implicit racism exists. It can't have been an accident that Trump's ratings took off when he started talking about building a wall, and refusing to criticize the Klu Klux Klan. Some of those new supporters were declared racists, but the majority are people who would deny it vehemently. And yet their implicit feelings guided their decisions. Oh yes, they would;d say 'I'm not racist, I just don't believe people should be here illegally, or  'I'm not racist, I just want jobs for Americans,' or  'I'm not racist, I just don't like Mexicans,' etc.
It seems it's OK for white folks like Chase Perrins to squeal at the top of their lungs about the nonexistent 'persecution' they experience, but for anyone else to denounce REAL oppression is to be branded a 'racist'.  How's that work again?
The way I understand how a person manages his capital (whether it is monopoly capital or simply capital that exists in a free market framework) is to invest it in a way to yield profit (or growth).  We also know that not all investment activity will yield top result. But the aim of putting your capital to work is known to one and all. It certainly is not to prevent another capitalist from obtaning benefit from the way he manages his funds.  Now it is a simple mental exercise to bring back the concept of monopoly: if the owner of capital enjoys such a corner ... will he not still do his investing to benefit himself? Next step (as the reader already knows) is to discover that a white monopoly capitalist is unlikely to apply his investment skills to undermine the outcome of investment by ANC owners of capital. That sort of negative behaviour makes no sense.
The Crimean Tarters kidnapped Ukrainian and Russians and sold them on the slave markets in the Middle East. The Turks kidnapped Christian boys who were brought up from age 7 to serve in the Janissaries (infantry units). The slave trade is the reason why there are so many blond and blue eyed people in the Middle East.   Savery continues in the Middle East to today’s date – although it no longer involves white children. Type into Google the words “slavery Saudi Arabia” or another country and read what appears.   The Muslim countries have never apologized for the white slave trade. No compensation has ever been offered to the descendants of the victims.   4. On 3 occasions, Muslims nearly conquered Europe. Twice the Turks reached Vienna. Muammar Gaddafi, when he was Libyan leader, predicted Muslims would conquer Europe through numbers and their birth rate.
It was doomed because it didn't demonize white men  and the English settlers. It didn't show the English trying to commit genocide on Natives.. It  didn't show  the French and Natives as angels in Paradise .   A lot of work went into the historical accuracy of the series to get it right,  Nobody is played favorites, Everybody got shown warts and all. That's the no-no.
In the rush to condemn and persecute the racism of "white privilege", there appears to be an unspoken collusion to not address racism and discrimination within/between our ethnic groups.  (Let's see if this post even survives the Civility test)  I teach at a university and was recently approached by two international students who objected to a third one being in their group...because they were from a lower caste.  It reminded me of some of the animosity I have heard between status Indians and the non-status and Metis indigenous.  They are united against the government but quite divided amongst themselves.  Political pandering to these groups is no different than the way Trump panders to his (white) base, for which he is routinely criticized.  Journalists like Milewski and Yakabuski are unusually brave in even cautiously addressing the surface of this issue.
Typical answer. There you go projecting and putting words in my mouth. Try elaborating on your point instead of attacking me. The funniest thing, what makes you think I am 100% white? The constitution doesn't need to mandate anything, the prevailing culture and government by the people do that. The Constitution is useless without a moral people, Jackson said so himself. Another word there for you to seize on. The Constitution is not a manifesto for white anglo males. And finally, this tedious argument about who was where first, surely you are equally an invader in that sense too? But extending your argument, sure, western culture will leave here. But expect the automobiles, airplanes, medicine, Pringles, roads, snow machines, hunting rifles, Dr. Pepper and everything else invented by them to go with them.
Yeah, its nice the police looked out for the guy.  We must remember, however, that no crime was committed and it is not clear if any crime would have been committed.  In fact, suppose the passenger had been white, would this story even be here?
White monopoly Capital, 14-point plan, 9-point plan, Gear and State capture. NPA and Hawks in disarray and trying to remember (or should we say forget) what their mandates are. The ANC will need a whole month's Lekgotla and they would still not come with any concrete solution because they have created a mess that they are incapable of cleaing up.
Good job, Donnie. Make America white again. If these children were Finns or Swedes or Germans, he would have the welcome mat out.
Yesterday, our housekeeper [someone who has lived here in California for almost three decades] told me that she no longer goes grocery shopping or to Home Depot because ICE is patrolling the parking lots looking for the undocumented.  She is in a better position than most immigrants since her adult son was born in California so he can sponsor his mother.    Latino radio here in California is on full time emergency mode giving out real-time information and taking calls from listeners about ICE activities in immigrant communities.   Wake up America: Our fascist and racist White House is beginning to implement the deportation of millions of people.  Our post-slavery American apartheid is beginning.  There will be violence.
But the ANC-Guptapire operate with impunity in lawless South Africa. Bell-Pottinger operates in the UK. The 'weapons manufacturer' in this case talor-made the weapon to deflect blame from the ANC-Gupta kleptocracy and attach it to White South African citizens. They did this in full knowledge of the anti-White perceptions the ANC and EFF had been inciting against a vulnerable minority, feelings which their campaign could ignite or at the very least exacerbate.  The focus should remain on the Gupta-ANC, but as they remain above the law, perhaps the unrelenting demands for Bell-Pottinger to reveal all in an international arena will further expose and implicate the local criminals and, without the local safety net, further erode the impunity continue to enjoy. It will also attract more than local attention to the racist behaviour of the ANC-Gupta-Bell-Pottinger confederacy. We cannot allow Pottinger to get off lightly.
The people screaming "white privilege!" have ten times the privilege than my father (who grew up in a log cabin, literally) and grandfather (who died of lung silicosis from working all his life in a coal mine) and every other Canadian who sacrificed to make Canada a desirable nation to live in.
It was only luck that kept the white power moron in Charlottesville from killing eight people when he rammed a car into a crowd. Ban white power gangs?
Trudeau must be struggling to decide if these two lads should receive apology cheques.  They are white, but they are from Quebec.  Hmmm...
More news outlets are deleting their commentary sites; the great liberal bastion the Toronto Star and CNN dropped theirs ages ago as they could not take criticism. Other outlets increasingly  only allow comments on safe topics. Others censor or ban anyone who upsets the apple cart by talking about sacred cows or elephants in the room: such as homosexuals and aids, or black crime, or overpaid civil servants,  Canadian Jews and Israel, or anything deemed politically incorrect. Of course it is okay to bash white Anglo saxon men or Muslims. But it is not okay to point out the  striking similarities between Orthodox Jews and Muslims and how they treat their women, or how a lot of Muslim men chase Christian and Jewish girls but we cant go near their girls. And it is not okay to talk about how only lower middle class Christian boys fight and die for Canada in te middle east wars while so many others hide out in elite schools. I wish some academics would address these issues objectively.
What % of people who identify as the KKK or as White Supremacists TODAY, do you think are Democrat?  And what % of them do you think identify or are registered as Republican?  You think because Democrats founded the KKK 125 YEARS ago that that is somehow relevant to what is going on today?
This government keeps giving 15 billion dollars to non-tax payers based on race EVERY year without my consent and keeps looking the other way.  End Indian Affairs.  Period.  White Genocide (aka Africa for Africans, Asia for Asians, White countries for everyone IS White Genocide.) is government policy by mass immigration and you keep 'looking the other way'.  Yeah, its you who have your priorities and sense or perspective wrong.  For far too long.
Social justice is a category of reality. It is not based on Socialism/Communism. For believers in the God of the Bible it is based in God's commands about the Year of Jubilee and related civil laws in Leviticus and Deuteronomy. To label it as only "communism" is dishonest. In fact, elements of social justice are written into the American Bill of Rights and other constitutional amendments; it is ultimately the faith that God created all human beings equal, which is fundamental American law and social contract. If you cannot see that the history of slavery, Jim Crow and the way the native Indians in America were treated results in some degree of "white privilege" you are simply being blind to some realities that are there regardless of your opinion. Lots of things, good and bad, are used to justify rioting. That does not make rioting the Christlike thing to do. In my opinion, authentic followers of Jesus are like Desmond Doss, they refuse to engage in violence no matter the situation.
And why on earth would President Trump "condemn" a group whose only purpose is to let the world know that white people matter equally?
Hey all you "white police" bashers, the police are out there again chasing down these nice young men who really didn't bash into a police car, or fire shots at the police. The "white police" probably staged a breakin at the diner and fired the shots themselves! These nice young men are totally innocent!
I believe that few of this white supremacist crowd was from Virginia.
Trayvon Martin did cause his own death. You should really read the testimony from the trial. Martin did not run away from Zimmerman. In fact, Zimmerman had stopped following him when Martin attacked him from behind. All evidence pointed that out, and eyewitnesses verified it. Seriously, don't make stupid comments when you have no idea what you're talking about. The fact is BLM is all based on lies. Cops shoot more whites than blacks, by at least twice as much, while blacks commit half of all murders. BTW, their victims are also black. You have approximately 5% of the US population committing half of all murders in the US. That would be black males, in case you can't figure it out. SMH
100% agree.  I've been wondering what these guys want.  Yesterday I did a bit of snooping, and from what I read, they have no real agenda.  They're just a bunch of selfish, whiny, angry white guys.  The only issue with what you propose is there's a wide range of people out there, and there are many who simply can't take your approach, which I believe would actually eventually work.
As a South African I was shocked to witness ordinary people beating each other like that. The interesting thing was the number of white people fighting other white extremists because they believed it was in the spirit of being a true American. We can lean a lot from that. So next time there is a demonstration against a corrupt president, it is not a white thing. It is about protecting our country.  What Donald Trump should be worried about is why right wing groups are beginning to overtly express themselves with increased confidence....during his presidency.
The academic world has been a hothouse of hatred for Western Civilization for generations. Check out the author's Twitter feed: @JYSexton He literally calls Western Civilization "white supremacism". The academic world needs an enema.
I think unconscious bias is the desire to think that we achieved our status in society because of our innate abilities rather than, in part, based on the subtle advantages we were provided by the colour of our skin.  It's easier to think that certain races, or communities, like black or aboriginal, are somehow innately inferior and destined to fail, than it is to realize that white society in North America is, for the most part, unwilling to give up its status and level the playing field.
Let me guess she's a white devil in disguise trying to destroy everything good about america!   SMH...  Confirmation Bias - In psychology and cognitive science, confirmation bias (or confirmatory bias) is a tendency to search for or interpret information in a way that confirms one's preconceptions, leading to statistical errors.
experience at all.  When you compare whatever you believe Barack Obama had said in trashing the U.S. with the things that Donald Trump has said, the comparison between affirmative action and white male privilege is further contrasted.
Are we "white" people held responsible for what is happening?   Where are he leaders?  This has been going on for years; it looks like this is and was such a common occurrence that nobody cares.  One has to feel sorry for the girls and females in general.  This is shameful.
How is it NOT a contradiction?  "Trump claimed it took him 48 hours to condemn the white supremacists and neo-Nazis who incited the violence because he wanted to make to make sure he got all the facts about the incident before he put out an explicit statement."  "However, Trump is known for jumping to conclusions — and is quick to call incidents terrorism — before he has the facts."
Presumed innocence is much closer to justice than presumed guilt will ever be. Institutional racism and white privilege are very real concepts in American society. Taylor's property rights were, in fact, based on faulty understanding of the history of the land he says he owned - this was not racial bias unless you're talking about the "private property" rights granted by force of law to Johnny come lately - White guys like Taylor, Enron execs, and so on. Taylor's property rights (and everyone who he sold "his" property to) were based on Nanny-state white privilege pure and simple every bit as much as slave plantations were a matter of slave-owners' or former slave owners or the descendants of those slave-owning plantation owners' "private property rights" are or were.
You might want to take a look in the mirror, because you are clearly prejudiced against white people. I cant really fault you for it though because its natural to group individuals based on your personal experience, what you've been taught or what you've seen in the media; and its likely you've had negative experiences with white males. You focus on the small fraction of whites who are serial killers or pedophiles, like a redneck might focus on the small percentage of blacks who are gang members, but get lots of media attention. At least we can both agree that Roof deserves the chair.
HBC's will be needed as long as white racism effects public policy. That won't change anytime before 2020 at the earliest. If you think white racism no longer effects public policy, please tell us when it stopped? It must have happened sometime after 1965. Another way to put it is, we have never had equal protection under the law for all citizens. That was by choice by the majority of white folks. Heck, they chose being white for fun and profit. Being white has always been more important to them than being human, Christian, or American. All lives have never mattered in this country. Their choices prove the point, starting with the election of Trump. He is the preferred candidate of white supremacists. Most Trump voters even think Jesus was white. Obama never got more than 45% of the white vote. Most of the Trump voters still think he was born in Kenya. All I want is equal protection under the law. I guess that s too much to ask for from most white folks.
While not directly related, I heard something on NPR a while ago  A book writer (Cornel prof, I believe) was describing how everyone from the USA's founding fathers to Lincoln and those beyond, had differing ideas on slavery, freedom, citizenship, voting rights etc  He said that the north, including Lincoln wanted to free  the slaves, but that did not automatically mean citizenship or the right to vote, all concepts of 'equality'.   These were covered under several subsequent amendments to the constitution, as well as laws, but were not automatic  The  interviewer asked a question that I was thinking on the differences, and by illustration said that for example, (white) women were free, and citizens, but not allowed to vote until the 20th century, even to this day, in many countries you are not a citizen until you are a given age, or apply for it specifically  Anyway it provided more info on citizenship, freedom, slavery voting etc
He's not crashing. In fact he's doing a better job then the last 4 Presidents combined. And Like everyone else The Bush family says they disagree with Trump and then repeats Trumps words word by word. Trump said : The KKK, white suprecist and neo nazis are repungnant and  violence has no place in America. Then George Bush comes out and says violence has no place in this country. Wow, thats really different view, amazing.
So what's your suggestion, Dick? Round up all the non-white people and ship them out of your imaginary white paradise?  For someone who talks about how long he's been here you sure have a selective memory.
The definition of discrimination is not up for debate. The lawyers will not debate the definition of discrimination.   The baker discriminated against the gay people and that is a fact.  We may have a "fundamental difference of opinion on what constitutes discrimination," but that does not mean you are wrong. My opinion is that the definition of discrimination is not up for debate. You want to debate whether a fact is correct, it is silly.  Again, it is great what you think a business can and can not do, discriminate or not. That does not mean the law agrees with you.  I have explained to you that political thought (blm, nra, dem, repub) is not a protected class.  I have also explained theis concept ad nauseum The baker is under no obligation to make halloween cakes. If he makes halloween cakes only for white people, then he is discriminating.
Are you genuinely pre-emptively defending white supremacists who have not actually committed a crime yet?   But seriously - listen to the alt-right.   David Duke was praising trump the other day after a woman was murdered saying that trump had given them a voice and power.   Trump isn't committing the violence but he is saying that there are many good people among the criminal white supremacists.  Let's get one thing perfectly clear.  There are no good white supremacists.  I think even Nixon would agree with that.  Unfortunately trump does not agree.
Here's another story that doesn't get told - white male works, suffers and bleeds to enslave or conquer millions and force them into a world that white men have built for themselves to enjoy at the expense of others. What you say is taken for granted is something that many blacks, first nations and Asians would have been more than willing to eschew 300 years ago and even today. No choice was given, I don't believe white ppl should be sorry of feel bad but they should definitely give a care about equity for everyone else. It's sheer entitlement, laziness and a lack of empathy that makes many of the privileged white men on here show no interest in helping minorities, women and young people.  All forms of work are not equal - a slave or second-class citizen's work will always be more and worse.
Yes, that is EXACTLY what they are suggesting.  One commentator on this board said yesterday,  "It's not evil to use violence against white supremacists."  This wasn't in the context of self-defense when under physical attack.  This was in the context of using violence to suppress speech to which one disagrees.  Violence in support of my beliefs is virtuous.  Violence in support of their beliefs in criminal.  Even speech is support of their beliefs is evil and worthy of a violent response.  Mob mentality.
Seeing this list makes me think of the old Mickey Mouse mouseketeer shows.  Only now, they're wearing pointy white hats instead of mouse ears.  Even the name fits.... sing along with the mickey mouse club song to....   Who's the leader of the club That's made for you and me D-O-N-A-L-D-T-R-U-M-P  Hey there, hi there, ho there You're as welcome as can be D-O-N-A-L-D-T-R-U-M-P  Donald Trump, Donald Trump Forever let us hold our banner high High, high, high
It's the Black Lives Matter activists (a species of Islamic Black Power movement of the 1960s), within the administration, who are spear-heading this  survey.  It's their modus operandi.  I just got shut out of a TDSB continued ed course (beginner Spanish) by a rude intake agent (black); the other applicants  were even older but white Caucasian --  and they received tender loving care.  Obviously they're trying to limit the number of Asian-looking students in order to facilitate enrolment of others, preferably white.   The Continuing Ed programs raise much needed $$$ from fee-paying students.
"So what if Obama said that about trayvon? Why is that so upsetting?" I was pointing out how Obama and other lefties made a much bigger deal about his race than Republicans ever did. You have to keep up with what I was replying to in order to understand the context of my comment. Also, can you imagine the outrage if a white Republican had said, "If Obama had a son he'd look like Trayvon"?
How racist of a report can you get!  They left off Native Americans from the list. Or do they consider NA's to be white?  Once again, our native sisters are being ignored!
Same old Liberals who have been travelling the world calling white people racist . This a very divisive government.
Hello Ralph,  Wow, "... there is opposition from some quarters (Old Stock)..."  Hello? Age-ism and racism implied in the same breath? Impressive! But why cloak in euphemism, like a reincarnation of Quebec's Jacque Parizeau? Why not just say: "Listen here, old white man"?  Did it occur to you that teachers can teach quotes of Chief Dan George in the social studies courses where they teach about native history?  And as far as the English literature course goes, did it occur to you that the previous books being displaced by the chosen new replacement narrative of "white men are bad, visible minorities are good"...  ... that those previous books, being displaced, were not tools of 2017-specific hot-button Canadian racism activism (2017 native reconciliation, 2017 immigration-related friction) and instead were WILDLY FICTIONAL and about universal themes (thirst for power, Nobel-winning Lord of the Flies, anti-individualist indoctrination, Brave New World, media manipulation, Orwell's 1984)?
what stats do you have?  that white people are killed more often?
So far, I have not seen any reports or pics that shoe the white supremacists are using tactics that resemble the Brownshirts of the 30s.  Terrorism is using violence to express a political point.  Driving a car into a group of people fits this definition, but I'm sure the rally organizers did not order such a move.  There is no room for violence in public demonstrations, if you need to fight, join a militia or the US military. Same goes for the counter protesters, violence to express a political point is terrorism, or rioting at a minimum, IOW a crime.
Thank you for debunking the canard that Democrats "ignore the white working class."
You ignore the relentless negative advertising and editorial conducted by a clearly corrupt Media against Trump.  Every slander and piece of dirt that could be thrown was thrown.  You even continue, to this date to slander White working class who have been screwed (along with all colors of working class) by the elitists in education, government, media, corporations, and entertainment.  The constant disregard for people who work in the competition economy vs. the elitist rape and debt economy will continue to assure the demise of the elitist class and their candidates like clearly corrupt Hillary Clinton who accepted bribes from so many wanting favors from the government.
And why do you think that is, 'Charles'? Any pet theories?  (For those who may be unaware, 'Charles Martel' is a pseudonym favoured by some white supremacists.)
To be completely accurate, ALL the marchers and protesters involved...the Klan, neo-Nazi's, white supremicists, fa, anti-fa, BLM, etc. are just LEFT. There is no "alt-right". They are not "right" at all and have no association with anything conservative. In one form or another, they are all far-left extremists, as all Nazis must be. Extremism is a hallmark of the political left. Nazism is form of socialism and a branch of the Left. In this case, there are one bunch of left-wing extremists protesting another bunch of left-wing extremists. The right doesn't march or protest. The right doesn't have time. The right works for a living. The right wasn't there. Trump is correct, there is blame on both sides... both sides of the extreme LEFT including the white racists and the counter protesters.
So Ranger, when the subject of cops killing unarmed non-threatening black people is being discussed; why does one bring up black on black murder, when it's the same for white on white murder.  Police are paid by tax dollars to serve and protect the public at large. Race, creed, color is not something of value or to consider when a police officers tasked to defend the public. They have a sworn duty to uphold the law, period. Accountability and equal treatment is all the people are asking for, that is it.
It will be difficult for a Democrat white candidate to win either the primary or the general election in 2020, and despite the lies she's told in the past Elizabeth Warren is a white woman. We just saw the minority base of the Democrats fail to support a Presidential candidate from this demographic, and if the minority base can settle on one candidate in the primaries, she won't even be the nominee.
YOUR country?  When and for how much did you buy it?  And while you're about it, did you also invent this thing called MONEY, or create the vast infrastructure, because to the best of historical knowledge, when the hated 'whites/colonials' arrived here, there WAS no infrastructure, no money, not even the WHEEL????????  Do tell - it could be VERRRY interesting.....
Wow, office of child services! Way to go doing your job! Awesome! Way to protect the children you are paid to keep away from these kind of people. Probably better off with family then money hungry abusive white people! Hurray for the system you guys believe works! Hurray for rich people who get away with ankle monitor than prison time. Lucky you! You deserve to be punished the exact way you treated the young innocent kids!!!!!!
"But we operate under a code of law in this country. And in terms of the allegations that have made it to court against Mr. Furlong, the law has spoken loudly and clearly." ===========================================  Unfortunately, a great many people today regard the law as a lesser authority than their dogmatic crusade, and are avidly subverting every institution where they get their foot in. Schools and the media have pretty much rolled over. Maybe the actions of the alumni and donors will bring UBC administrators to their senses. Though I can see the blog headlines and twitter comments now: "Rich old white men using money to silence the disadvantaged."
they're an angry and vocal minority of mainly white guys, it seems they're formidable by the noise they make, but they're starting to realize that the huckster just ain't what he's made himself out to be and is determined to lose dramatically thanx to his own irrepressible mouth which his followers once fantasized was so spectacular. he's an empty suit that in the best light has been useful by destroying the GOP.
When the police manhandle someone and are video taped pushing the person around, that's not resisting arrest.  Apparently you didn't watch a video that showed that at least two cops pushed Alton to the ground and shoved his face into the pavement.  Alton probably was calling them every dirty name in the book, and that's when one white cop pulled his gun and shot four bullets into Alton's body while his hands were cuffed behind his back.
http://urbanland.uli.org/industry-sectors/american-demography-bursting-diversity-yet-baby-bust/# https://www.aei.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/SOC2016-report.pdf The Democrats will have to make their case with aging whites in Rust Belt states in the coming decades. A Trump administration could help Democrats to make this case especially if the ACA leaves people without access to  healthcare and when Republican cuts to Medicare and SS begin to have their effects. The Republicans will have to make their case to the non-whites and women while at the same time explaining their historic racism, misogyny and lip-service to support of families raising the children needed to support future retirees. It's definitely going to be rough for a while. But because what makes America the great country it *already* is, Republican racist, anti-Americanism notwithstanding,--its diverse population--future-oriented Americans will be able to compensate for the mediocrity of backward-looking Americans.
After the terrorist attack in Edmonton, where a Somali migrant with an ISIS flag mowed down a policeman with his car, and then stabbed him, and then later rammed four pedestrians with a U-Haul, Justin Trudeau made an official statement saying that we all need to embrace diversity.  But then he doubled down, reposting a Facebook post by Maryam Monsef that said “End White Supremacy.”
Goods to hear that Colorado will stand up for these hard working children and protect them from Sessions and Trump and their white supremacist backers.
Nuance black and white choices?  Thank you for today's oxymoron.
A gun visible in the car and he had a prior run-in with APD??  White privilege.
Let's not put the blame for the Trump fiasco all on the evangelicals. Though a CARA political scientist argues Catholic voters went narrowly for Clinton, 56% of white Catholics voted for Trump.  But if Trump manages to avoid WWW III and the end of civilization, there's hope. 59% of Catholic milennials voted for Clinton. To the extent the Catholic Church has a future with young Catholics, they reject theocracy and the bankrupt ideology of the Republican Party.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/new-analysis-finds-clinton-not-trump-narrowly-won-the-catholic-vote-in-2016_us_58e574bce4b06a4cb30f0aaf
America has never ended the endemic hatred of black people that came with slavery.  The Obama's being in the White House has shown the blatant racism that has remained just under the surface since the Voting Rights Bill passed Congress.  Republicans have dug in and refused to work with Obama in the recovery from the 2008 crash.  The horrible treatment of black men by local police departments have continued this myth that black people are not human.  The reaction to the murder of Dr. King resulted in frustration by some in the black community and cities burned.  Dallas is another reaction to this blatant disrespect and murder of black men.  The incarceration of black people in our corrections institutions continues this slavery mentality.  It is going to take some serious dialogue by white and black citizens and a mutual trust to end the systemic segregation of the races and horrible discrimination that contributes to the abject poverty and separation of our cultures.  Time for change.
Personally, if I owned a business I would serve anyone who asked me for business.  However, how is this hate if this man finds that it is against his beliefs?  He doesn't agree with their lifestyle.  A Muslim might refuse to something for a patron because of the fact that alcohol is served, is that hate?  It's his religious belief and the Muslim faith does not condone alcohol.  You do realize that if people must do business with anyone who requests it, then what about if you owned a bakery and a white supremacist was holding a gathering for other white supremacists and ordered a cake for the gathering, you would be required to fulfill his request.  How would you feel about that?
I'm convinced that what was stolen is a fraction of what is being stolen today. Do the blacks really hate the whites that much that they don't want to see what their leaders and people are doing just because they are excused because they are black? Do they really hate the whites that much that they would allow their leaders to destroy South Africa as long ate they get back at the whites? It seems so.
Ibbitson misses the point of the Trump victory. It was three-pronged. On the one hand, there were the rust belt voters who were fed up with 8 years of Obama and no change in their lot in life and a large distrust, as a result, of Clinton. Trump gave voice to their frustration and anger and they voted for him. Second was the large block of Democrats who simply stayed home because they could not bring themselves to vote for Clinton. They were either Sanders supporters who were angered at the treatment of Sanders during the democrat primaries or simply, as with the rust belt voters, didn't like Clinton but could not bring themselves to vote for Trump. Finally, there were all the white, educated women who voted for Trump as a repudiation of Clinton.  To suggest that similar circumstances could not happen here - with much less bellicosity - is foolish. At the end of the day it is about the economy. Produce jobs and Trudeau may still win. If he hasn't then he will lose.
I gave you a "like", Lyons, but your conclusion is flawed.  You need to define 'acts of terror', too. White supremacists?  My understanding is that--along with the subset, survivalists--they're quietly getting ready for civil unrest to build to a tipping point (whenever that is...they may have a long wait) at which point they are going to "tip it."  In any case, in a country where "Mass Shootings" (surely THE most common "act of terror") are defined as any incident with more than two victims, you've got perpetrators in all walks of life, every religious background (or none at all), from many ethnic backgrounds.   More important, motivations are all over the landscape: feel powerless, sexual frustration, hate women, hate their fathers and/or mothers, hate their employer/colleagues, hate their wives and/or kids, hate what happened to them in Iraq/afghanistan (or in grade 3), and, finally, hate themselves for--among other reasons--feeling this way.  That's one heck of a lot of monitoring!
My first, second and thirty-fourth reaction to Charles is that he is racist.  His continued whining about white discrimination even when I have pointed out the success of people like Gen. Colin Powell, Dr. Ben Carson and others in several responses strengthens that reaction almost every day and almost every post. He continues to bleat that no black person can be successful or ever has been because of white privilege.  The conclusion?  His success must be due to something else.  1st Re-post
"It is obvious that people on left are promoting hate and discontent."  Promoting? You should be more specific. You point to demonstrations as examples, but demonstrating is a right of free speech. Not allowing someone to speak is not right, but how does that apply to "people on the left" and exclusively so? It seems to me that neo-Nazis and White Supremacists generally promote hate and discontent, but I would not use that to generalize that "people on the right" do that.  This news article is about the NRA recommendation in the aftermath of Las Vegas. How do you make the leap from that to hate?
Continuing institutional racism is a documented fact of life in the US. Your ignorance of it is irrelevant. Social scientists have dedicated their careers to studying and documenting it and the fact that Obama is the president or that there are Black doctors does not alter the fact that de facto institutional racism remains a problem in the United States today.  Although I assume people like you Michael3 spend little to no time reading published studies, many other Americans including white people like me do read them and possess the capacity to understand the implications. America will have to make progress on racial inequality despite the ignorance and malignant intentions of some white people. http://cepa.stanford.edu/content/patterns-and-trends-racialethnic-and-socioeconomic-academic-achievement-gaps-1
I guess there are still enough white racists to elect a president. I always thought that was the only question about this election months ago.
Reposting:  It's feckless to be willfully oblivious to a dangerous ideology like ethnic nationalism, especially in a country with a violent, vicious history of white supremacy. The preponderance of the evidence strongly suggests not only that Bannon is personally inclined toward white nationalism. When editor at Breitbart Bannon bragged, "We're the platform for the alt-right."  http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/08/stephen-bannon-donald-trump-alt-right-breitbart-news  I did address the issue, and like so many of your fellow travelers, you stick your fingers in your ears and go la la la la la.
As someone who  "joined up with" the Democratic Party  some 60 years ago  this column showing the heavy anti-Clinton vote from  white workers really troubles me.  I became a D because I felt it stood up for working Americans against the power of the wealthy and Big Business; I was glad to see  it working with blue collar labor unions to better the lives of workers; I was pleased that working class neighborhoods mostly voted D while wealthy areas voted R.   And when Civil Rights became a  major political issue I was proud  that my party was leading the fight for equality and social justice. But in the sixties we also saw "hardhats" and young people fighting over the Viet Nam War, then liberals vs. conservatives over environmentalism, then along comes identity politics, and now we have workers voting overwhelmingly Republican.  IMO one of the most important things the Ds can do is find a way to relate better to workers-- and avoiding a sense of superiority would be a good start.
Hmmm .... so "sexual harassment" is in our Parliament? Wow. How come Donald Trump was still elected by a majority of American voters (53 percent of white women voters cast their votes for Trump) despite the incriminating revelations prior to the elections? Maybe people accept this as the normal state of things.
You guys in your fervor to defend and justify white supremacy in the "culture and heritage" of the South always forget one thing: black Americans live and lived in the South, too. Black people are invisible to you.   The day black Americans are also considered part of your "family" will be the day we can finally heal our wounds as a country. Obviously that day isn't here yet. The modern right wing:  still kicking against Reconstruction.
Wait a minute. I thought conservatives considered opposition to white supremacy to be dangerous, violent and destructive, as much of a threat bad  as fascism and Nazis.   There was even a petition to have the Antifa declared a terrorist group, and it's long been a article of faith among conservatives that Black Lives Matter is much more dangerous than the indiscriminate police murders of black folks they protest.  Which is it GBA? Are anti-racists effete "snowflakes" or thuggish terrorists? Get your talking points straight. or someone might think that conservatism is a  mishmash of contradictory and vacillating positions.
"if Trump cancels DACA, it will be one more attempt to endear himself to his shrinking base with the only thing that truly energizes the dead-enders: vengeance fueled by white grievance. And it will also be an act of uncommon cowardice. Dumping it into the lap of the hapless Congress [with a 6-month delay], he can try evading responsibility for the deportation of nearly 800,000 young people who were brought here as children, 91 percent of whom are working. "   ----Jennifer Rubin, conservative Washington Post columnist
Correct. These players are not oppressed, but so was the whites during the Civil Rights Movement joining their black friends. BLM is a pretty unorganized group. Some cause trouble while others have BBQ with the police. You are also correct that there is a more black-on-black crime and it makes sense because they are a demographic with poverty problems. I will not deny that the "Hand up, don't shoot!" line was a lie, but that doesn't change the fact that we have a race problem and a lot of police officers are doing morally questionable things. Don't think that I'm accusing most police officers as terrible people, I firmly believe that the vast majority of police officers in this great country are good people.
'any american is free to seek the 'right kind' of work'.  yes, if you are white, you should have no problems.  but if the american is black, well, systemic racism works wonders to keep this particular group on the fringes receiving, if any, scant employment benefits.
Is that all it takes?  Phew, I've been pulled into the special room crossing a border as well so I no longer need to worry about my "white privilege", it evaporated.
John.  I'm glad you are willing to listen to folks who don't quite see things your way.  For starters, let's consider the notion of "rights" versus "privileges".    We all are aware that blacks, women, Catholics, Mormons, Native Americans  and others did not fully share in all citizen rights at the outset of the American Republic.  The Constitution has been modified or amended as time went on with the goal of providing equal rights for all.  Personhood, citizenship, the right to vote, the right to an attorney and so on.  That being said,  I find the phrase "white privilege"  to be racially offensive.  I will fight to defend the rights of others if their rights are denied, but I don't have to apologize or be considered "special" if I exercise the rights granted by the Constitution as amended.
Right.  I recall when I lived in San Diego back in the 1980s, that the popular trend among 'conservative' white folks was to screech and flail about all the 'teen pregnancies' among black and brown folks.  Then an enterprising researcher actually tallied the relevant numbers.  The highest rate of teen pregnancy was among Valhalla High School's nearly all-white student body in suburban east county.  They also accounted for the vast majority of the abortions.  So once again we see "...a beautiful theory sloppily murdered by one ugly little fact." (Thomas H. Huxley)
I bet had Mr. Kang been a white male he would have been expelled from the Liberal caucus much like the 2 Liberal MPs who were last year just on the presumption of guilt,  but being a visible minority appears to give him a free pass. When is Justin going to do the right thing? Or does he have different rules for different MPs?
Not a terrible question at all.    So do you reject, or accept, gay pride and white pride - since you consider them similar?  I don't think they are that similar.   Gays have faced far more exclusion and discrimination in modern American than have white people.    What many white people worry about is their assumed privilage in American life.    Any whte person can still excel in America, they just have more competition.   That's not going to change.
I wasn’t terribly surprised when it was reported a few weeks ago that Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore is tied to the ‘League of the South’, the pro-Southern secession/slavery apologism group that wants to lead the South in a second rebellion against the federal government in order to found a ‘white Christian republic.’ But I confess I was a bit surprised that Rep. Marsha Blackburn, who is currently the leading Republican candidate to succeed Sen. Bob Corker, does too. In 2004, Blackburn invited the Rev. David O. Jones, a neo-Confederate, secessionist and slavery apologist, to give the opening prayer in the House. And that happened and went largely unreported! http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/marsha-blackburn-brought-neo-confederate-secessionist-to-deliver-prayer-to-congress
"Schultz was the one who called 911, GBI spokeswoman Nelly Miles said in an emailed statement Monday." “In the call, Shultz describes the person as a white male, with long blonde hair, white T-shirt and blue jeans who is possibly intoxicated, holding a knife and possibly armed with a gun on his hip." - "three suicide notes were found in Schultz’s dorm room." ============ Can a clearer case of "Suicide by cop" ever exist? "Scout" left 3 suicide notes, and called 9-11 to report....himself????....and described himself.....and then went out and confronted the cops. -  But it didn't go the way....."Scout".....wanted. After "Scout" was shot, you could hear him screaming in pain.  - But it seems to be clear that "Scout" wanted to die.....and confronted the cops in order to die....and got, ultimately, exactly what "Scout" wished for: To die.
I would not discount what the letter writer is saying about politifact.  It doesn't happen to be one I use very often.  I would encourage you to find an article that appears biased to you and tell us why.  Liberal/Conservative is not synonymous with 'wrong'.  I've had lots of people insist on true/false, yes/no, good/bad kind of judgements.   It's a false simplification and often a completely inadequate way to explain one's thinking.   If that is what the letter writer is expecting, I would disagree that short answers are 'better' than more complex answers.       Life it not all black and white decisions.    Most wise people I know take in as much information as they can, before they come to a conclusion.    Posing a yes/no question is often  a form of propaganda itself.    Examples:  "Do you believe in killing babies?"  Y/N  or, "Do you agree Y/N   "Christians believe all non-Christians are going to hell"  Probably best to just point out such things when they occur.
According to my advanced math teachers in college, 13% isn't "most."  I've never shot anyone, or even attempted to do so.  But I have prevented a couple of crimes by brandishing my weapon.  That's usually sufficient.  Both times, the aggressor was white.  That said, if someone were breaking into my home threatening to kill me and/or my family, I would become color-blind, and shoot to kill.  In my neighborhood, it would most likely be a white person.  The only black family I've had as neighbors in the past 30 years owned a successful small business and moved to a more expensive neighborhood.  I kidded him that when his "for sale" sign went up, the property values in the entire neighborhood shot up.  And yes, he laughed.
Interesting, Winnipeg Warrior. Your impression is that media treats Muslim violence as individual acts and white violence as a societal problem. My impression is the reverse, that the media are more likely to treat Muslim violence as a product of Islam, and white violence as the result of mental imbalance. And many expect Muslim clerics to apologize for Muslim violence, but we don't expect the same of Christian clerics. We seem to believe what we want to believe. How do we resolve this?
Oh....sounds like someone's white privilege got tweaked.
Exactly! He (and the Alt Right) seem to believe that we can suddenly have Nazis/white supremacists out running the streets and there will be no push back. Violence is no answer to the ignorant alt right, and should be stopped. But I would imagine that the white supremacists truly want a violent response. They ultimately want a war.
Racism?  In Canada?  Say it ain't so.  People are so warm and wonderful ... or so they tell themselves.  Try working as the hired help in Toronto and you'll find about all about a racist, classist society; and I don't mean just from Whites.  And that bloke with three degrees delivering lunches elsewhere on this site is an example of another wonderful trait in Toronto: nepotism.
Its almost as if there is a double standard when it comes to white people Vs. brown skinned people.
The history of racial discrimination in Hawaii began on January 18, 1778, the day Captain James Cook sailed into Kealakekua Bay allegedly on an "expedition of discovery" although armed with cannon, musket and the inherently evil social doctrine plaguing Western Europe and America, rampant white supremacist racism.  Cook's "Voyages of Discovery" were thinly veiled scouting missions on behalf of the British Empire which was involved in an orgy of imperialist conquest with the other Western European empires and the emerging American empire to conquer, subjugate, rape, plunder and pillage non-white nations on the premise that the white race as the superior race was somehow entitled to freely takeover other nations as privileged entitlement of their white supremacy.  One day short of the 115th anniversary of Cook's expedition, on January 17th 1893, a group of 13 white supremacists, The Committee of Safety, carried out a coup d'etat against the Hawaiian Kingdom. and so it continues.  ponokea
Sad but true.  I believe CBC Radio One's Metro Morning show is a huge promoter of racial divide and that host Matt Galloway should publicly apologise for his anti white man hate speech, his endless  anti white guests  and his systemic creeping march  to white genocide.   All racism is bad.   Matt Galloway should apologise for his own arrogant racism and step down.  Or fired.
Gerald, you just made my point. Most people assumed that ALCAN project was "all white" because the armed force did NOT intergrate until Truman issued an order or whatever they do, to make it an integrated armed force in 1948.  So, in 1942 it was due to the special circumstances of needing to finish the road that permission was given for the black engineers to be sent to work on the project.  Apparently, American Indians, Hispanics, and a few other racial groups OTHER than black were allowed to fight and serve along side the Caucasians.  American Indians are unique in that they have, per capita, served more than any other group in the armed forces since WWI. That is remarkable.
good thing no white dudes were involved. that way they save on trooper and court costs.
Another condescending, sanctimonious Canadian Fear mongering and victim hood article with a copious amount of racist generalities against "white" people. It's scary and terrifying that millions of Canadians are fanatical believers in this Liberal fear. The Liberals are happy as fearful Government dependent people are easier to control and manipulate. Canada is doomed with this Liberal created fear and dependency. It's no wonder on the world stage Canadians are known as wimpy gullible pushovers.
Ah yes..."societal ills"....the dime-store go-to for every apologist of the killing fields that exist in Democrat-ran urban existence. I suppose Systemic White Oppression is driving the record-breaking bloodshed in Chicago, too.  "Success" of Denver? Like the double digit homicide increase this year? The 16th St Mall debacle? The homeless crisis? Those "successes"? Now, tell me about the wonders of Detroit, St Louis, New Orleans, the aforementioned Chicago, etc. etc. etc.
We've elected a minority president twice. There are minorities of every kind in elective offices. There are minorities prospering in every profession under the sun. We are the only country on earth famous for being a melting pot of all the world's peoples.  It is you who should investigate what it's like being a minority in other countries. How is it for Christians in majority Muslim countries?  In many they can't even openly worship. How is it to be a poor gringo south of the border? How about a poor white in most African countries?  The rich ones all have to have their own private security service. There is no better place for any ethnic or religious minority than right here. This is where this topic has gotten too, propaganda-wise: people making assertions that everyone knows are just plain false but in our twisted PC culture they are given credence nonetheless.
Why, in this article, is what Ms. Khan said called "reverse racism"? That is clearly insinuating that racism is purely by white people towards other ethnicites and colors. Wouldn't it just be "racism"?
This punditry sounds so insightful, but is wholly devoid of any factual basis.  Looking at the exit polls makes clear that Trump won because of a panicked turnout in the "firewall states" of white evangelicals versus tepid turnout among those who saw Trump as unfit.   Simple as that. The poor and the rich didn't tip for Trump, but the well-off middle class of white evangelicals did. Women in this category stood by their men, too.  So once again, religious fanatics are the cause of ruin.  All the politicians pleas that "God bless America" seems to have been lost in the void.  -- Paul
Agreed. all Horgan has to do is say he is against banning white heterosexual males from participating in democracy and he would have my vote but he won't because like a polygamist he has his and everyone else can be exiled to die.
John Mac, There's nothing civil or respectful about white supremacy.  It will go away only if opposed.
I think many folks find racism more 'comfortable' because it's more of a 'neutral' term compared to white supremacy.  It allows those who have suffered least from its built-in inequities to dismiss it by arguing 'it applies equally to everyone', pretty much as you have done.  No it doesn't.  That's the way horrendous damage to millions of Americans gets overlooked.  John Ehrlichman had this to say about the 'war on drugs': "You want to know what this is really all about?  The Nixon White House had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people...We knew we couldn't make it illegal to be against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, WE COULD DISRUPT THOSE COMMUNITIES.  We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them...on the evening news.  Did we know we were lying about the drugs?  Of course we did."
Trump will win because of this disturbing nonsense on a national scale with the mainstream media.  Were not electing a Saint !  We're electing a person who can improve the economy and the jobs situation and one who will not push us into a war with Putin !   How about reporting the Tracey Martin claim of Hillary calling a black man the "N" word when Tracey was a chef for the Clinton's years ago in the White House ? That's right ! Tracey Martin reported that Hillary angrily called a black man the N word when she did'd get what she asked for. His accusation is just as credible as every woman attacking Trump but Mr. Martin gets no coverage? At least for now but this story will come out very very soon. And Hillary calling Robert Byrd her friend and mentor after his death. Robert Byrd was the KKK leader folks. Lets get real ADN !
This baby stuff should really stop. Both sides.   I wonder what Senator Corker would be saying today had he been picked for secretary of state at the White House? He did appear to have lost the majority of support in his home state over his words about President Trump. Now he is retiring.    ----------------------------------- June 7, 2017 Tennessee Star  http://tennesseestar.com/2017/06/07/poll-senator-bob-corker-may-be-in-trouble-with-tennessee-republican-primary-voters/ -----------------------------------  April 28, 2016 CNN Timeline   http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/15/politics/bob-corker-donald-trump-timeline-relationship/index.html -----------------------------------  Sept 26, 2017 CNBC https://www.cnbc.com/2017/09/26/republican-sen-bob-corker-of-tennessee-will-not-seek-re-election.html?view=story&%24DEVICE%24=native-android-mobile
Says the all knowing white person
"1) Not while running for office." Yes, while running for office http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/03/politics/donald-trump-disavows-david-duke-kkk/index.html  "2) Yeah, days after the fact"  August 12th "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."  Was there violence from the demonstrators and the counterprotesters? Yes. Per eyewitness Washington Post reporter Joe Heim: “Counter-protesters fought back, also swinging sticks, punching and spraying chemicals. Others threw balloons filled with paint or ink at the white nationalists. Everywhere, it seemed violence was exploding. The police did not move to break up the fights.”   Now, if you think his discussion of "bigotry" didn't apply to the white supremacist side, then you need some sort of proof of that, and explain just who he was talking about. And there was violence on many sides - chemicals and balloons filled with paint shows some planning for it.
Mr Mbalula appears to be under the misapprehension that WMC stands for white MINORITY capital?  In fact, it stands for white MONOPOLY capital. That is what Mr Manuel said, and what Bell-Pottinger coined as a stock-phrase.  There is a world of difference between MINORITY and MONOPOLY.  A "monopoly" means that there is only one provider in the marketplace. One, not two, three four or several.  There is no white monopoly in SA. Every single company has rivals in the marketplace. Ergo, WMC is indeed a myth -- exactly what Mr Manuel and other sensible commentators have pointed out.
Jeff,  Thanks for reminding us of the  terrible struggles black Americans and their allies had to through in some parts of our country just to get the basic right to vote.    And "even up here"  in Oregon   it was legal until the 1953 Public Accommodation Act to refuse service to minorities.  I know, I was there.             We need to remain vigilant as long as there are those who'd  like to drag us back to those "white-only" days, especially as they seem  to have found a "voice" for their resentments.     It's not a cliche to say "All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good folks to do nothing."
By 2049 Europeans and whites will be minorities in the US.  So be it.  "That all may be one..."
Here we go again.  Trying to make a mountain out of a molehill and turn the public on themselves.  The choices that will be given will be to support Lynch and be anti-American or support the flag and be a racist patriot.  Well, I'm neither.  I just happen to think sitting for the anthem is stupid and disrespectful but so are a lot of things.  Courtesy to the flag is just that, a courtesy.  If it were a law or something worth getting bent out of shape about, then hundreds in the stands who "forget" their hats or don't face the flag during the anthem would be kicked out.    Instead, people just shake their heads or maybe offer a gentle correction if the offender is not 12 beers in by the anthem.  I really think this is nothing more than a lame attempt by the media to create another black/white and left/right issue to further divide people against themselves.  It's what they did with Kaepernick and they will do again with Lynch.
"Hate groups?"  If you equate white supremacists with anti fascists and those who want to be treated equally, then you are part of the problem.  There is no equivalence here and to try to create one is a dishonest exercise.
The coalition of Putin(Stalin) and Trump(Hitler) reborn in the new millennium to finish that which failed in the 20th century.  All begun with lying propaganda overpowering all media to get the minds right across the nations and world to accept their world dictatorial domination.  Right out of the Joseph Goebbels, Mein Kampf textbook of White Supremacy ideology with Der Fuehrer Trump's training from birth by a legal master educator, Roy Cohn.   All implemented and operated by Steve Bannon in collusion with the KGB in a cyber war with all of those socialist democracies remaining in Europe and North America.  The final solution beginning with all migrants anywhere in the world to keep them all in concentration camps until they just disappear. All other dissidents to follow.  WWII vets are rolling in their graves.
Nazis, bearing riot shields and marching under a swastika, have pretty much surrendered their rights to "free speech."  Calls for the violent overthrow of the Republic and the establishment of the United States of White People, like crying "Fire!" in a crowded theater, are not protected speech.  Treason, murder and lynchings are not protected acts. Every right has limits.
If you invent something that does not "take off," it's not much a very valuable/useful invention.  Gutenberg, the white guy, came from the superior culture.
I walk through some the study areas of the STEM departments at the local U and, relative to the population, I don't see Indian kids over-represented. I do see significantly more Chinese kids there than would be the case if it were proportional to population. And significantly fewer Caucasian kids than would would assume from the general population. Perhaps the Chinese parents make their kids study harder.  I had already responded to you, with the equivalent comment below, but that failed to pass the scrutiny of the pc police: "I don't see the Indian kids over represented. The Chinese kids seem to be very over represented."
Eugene McCarthy? Actually the current Democratic Party is closer to William Clinton. But if you mean "Tail Gunner" Joe McCarthy, whose acolyte was Nixon, then it's the Republican Party of McCarthyism (anti-commie anti-Semitic red-baiting xenophobes) mixed with Old South white nationalists and Bible Belt Flat Earthers.
This whole thing is so York University where if your’e white you are guilty. I have no time for it. You wanna venture ito the marketplace and get more customers  and make a better margin than the next guy ( whoops sorry person); I don’t care if you are zebra coloured - I would like to invest alongside and so will the rest of the world. You don’t like the white faces on influential people - suck it up and do something amazing yourself. Enough with the pity party.
Because he now lives in Canada and is encountering the deeply held racist ideology that maintains white privilege in Canada.  After all the country is founded on racism and genocide.
I seem to remember a certain party wanting to make WP ungovernable...that to should be considered. It all happened in a time where race issues were being stoked in the wake of more corruption allegations etc...some ANC members went so far as to suggest this is punishment for white people....just saying it should not be excluded in investigations and simply seen as a cooking fire accident!
Eldo:  Everyone know that only white people can be racists.   It is impossible for people of color to be racist.   Racism is derived from having white privilege and power, which people of color obviously cannot have.   So you are using the world racism totally inappropriately.  Here is a video that will explain this all to you:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eTWZ80z9EE  .
The library can be a place for entertainment as well, as long as it's not obtrusive or disturbing like streaming porn easily can be termed as. Entertainment version: reading 50 Shades of Gray. Obtrusive: Watching porn, which can be easily viewed by passerby—including youth. That kind of entertainment really is more personal. This isn't a lock down on porn. It's just saying 'watch it on the internet at home if you want it.'   I see what you mean about determination of offense and danger. And you're right, that is what the 1st Amendment is about. However, it's gray. Both gun ownership and religion are directly protected by the Constitution—the first by the 2nd, the latter by the 1st. I know that's an argument  for porn as well, but whether porn counts as speech is gray, while a Muslim peacefully following their religion is starkly black and white: ' . . . make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or <i>prohibiting the free exercise thereof</i> . . .'
His tweets and statements also lay the blame on immigrants in general.  With "more extreme vetting" (whatever that entails) and merit based immigration (code word - White Europeans who speak English and are Christian).  I do not recall him attacking all middle age white men with guns after the Las Vegas attack.  Of course I may have missed it.  :-)
Nathan,  President-elect Trump is the final proof and ultimate personification of the concept of white (male) privilege; that is unless you can conceive of a black guy or a Latino being elected President of the United States without one day of public (or military) service of any kind, on any level, at any time. Or unless you can conceive of a black guy or a Latino being elected President of the United States who had been recorded bragging about how he can get away with grabbing women by their private parts and kissing them, etc.   Oh, I could go on, but it might somehow be considered uncivil to recite the facts. Nevertheless the point is that a professional sport, unlike even entrance into an Ivy League school, is as close to a meritocracy as there is in society.   Donald Trump couldn’t play cornerback in the NFL no matter how much bigoted reaction and resentment there is in society; but he could become President of the United States (which I predicted). What does that tell you?
Why are all these news and stories about guptas coming up now just 2 months before elections? Don't you get it? this is all false propaganda by whites
Note that I posted a like for your comment re: Chesterton on patriotism.    But you are intelligent. Can you not distinguish what I'm saying from "My country, right or wrong"? I don;t pretend there's no racism here, but it doesn't exist to anywhere near the degree the left alleges. If it did, I'D BE KNEELING TOO. BUT IT ISN'T, and since racism is such a terrible thing, for the left to accuse America of being racially oppressive is an intolerable, racist slander against American whites.  Affirmative action is oppressive?
When you have a Prime Minister that declares anyone who opposes M-103 a White Supremacist, there's no hope for respectful debate.
I have never said ALL. Never. I have family who are white. OK? I love them with my heart and soul. And they know it. And I am the Godfather of my family, Thais, Chinese, whites, Swedish, German. And probably more I don't know about.
Doug Lamborn is really standing up for decency... r-r-r-right?   No. He represents lily-white Colorado Springs. And not very well.   Lamborn's words are meaningless because he represents a party that courts white supremacists.
And calling East Portland and Gresham the new Oakland? Like ya'll know Oakland is gentrified af now right? Like Bobby Seale's childhood home has been 'flipped' and sold as a trendy home featured in Home and Garden. That's the kind of ish I'm talking about here. Ya'll don't care about people, you're just in it to take the scenester cred for discovering culture that has existed for years. You people make me sick. Displacing poor folks so you and Tyler Hurst can drink cider and get high in your new favorite place. Acknowledging your white privilege isn't exactly saving poor people now is it?
I don't live in my internet notifications Bill. And just a note, DP. Disqus kept better track of your comments and replies than Civil Comments does. The reason for the anthem protests is that police treat minorities differently than whites from the moment of contact. White people mostly get the presumption of innocence that our justice system touts, while minorities are mostly treated as suspects from the start. If Tamir Rice had been white he wouldn't have been shot immediately after the officer exited his car, he would have gotten a chance to show he wasn't a threat. I doubt that you believe that's true but it is. The attitude an officer brings to their interactions can affect the outcome of that interaction as much as the actions of the person they contact. They just want to get treated the same as whites are when an officer initiates contact.
If he was expelled from the Senate he would file a Human Rights complaint based on the fact he is black. This would open up a can of worms. The girl 16 is white and he's black. Is this 1958 Georgia people would be saying. Move on and forget about it because the courts, media and human rights board will side with him.
agreed. But I suspect for very different reasons. Trump's rhetoric smacks of white nationalism and even neofascism and that ain't good. This system is rotten - but it isn't just the government that is the problem it's wholly unaccountable and out-of-control private corporate power that has worked to corrupt and control not only the economic but the political system - which explains Sanders' popularity. In the end - Trump will be great for corporate interests and horrible for the rest of us.
No, it's because old white men hold the most cultural and political power in this country (and everywhere else in the west).
https://www.dallasnews.com/news/dallas/2017/04/30/officer-fatally-shoots-15-year-old-balch-springs also even the dallas page doesnt say he is white.
GONEGOLFIN,  I don't think it's sarcasm.  It's disturbing.  Like how White Supremacists, White Supremacist apologists, slavery advocates, idolizers of slavery advocates, etc. are disturbing.  Sarcasm also tends to be clever.  SO, by definition, that couldn't be sarcasm.
@Sher-e-Hindu  Oh, you love the Germans. They give you"white people are genocidal" talking point. Let's review a few historical facts - events taking place well after WWII:  Rwandans managed to outdo the Germans(rate). With machetes. Half a century after WWII. ( and I have seen your attempts to pin that on Christianity) . Pol Pot  - an undisputed champion. . China (do you need to bring that up?).  . Japan - WWII? . "How about those Serbs?" - I see you post time and again. . How about those Hindus, I'll ask in response. Under that watch of the current Indian PM. 21 century. . How about those millions Bengali - killed by Muslims? ...  But back to your point - or rather your usual attempt to deflect and distort:  Using you example - why aren't Jews blowing up stuff in Germany? Seeking repercussions?  It's not "everybody did" as an excuse. It is world history. But the hapless Left, and the  bigots of color that cherry pick facts and misplace context to justify Islam terrorism.
Pretty sure I already denounced this when I said "For the record, I despise neo-nazi and white supremicist views..." to which you responded "Thank you for that..." But now you choose to forget the whole conversation, and pretend you don't belong to Antifa or even know who they are, and try to change the subject when I call you out on it. I get it. You are either one of them or a wannabe, probably the latter. No more conversation needed about that.  So tell me, how do your conflicting values of anarchism and communism work, exactly. One despises any government, the other requires massive bureaucracy to replace the free market and people's inclination towards self interest. I am sure I am missing something here. Please explain.
Mnuchin, notwithstanding his sterling pedigree - 2nd gen Goldman Sachs, private schools, Yale, Skull & Crossbones - and the enormous wealth he has accumulated, is a sniveling nebbisth with a clear sense of "I'm really out of my league", particularly when life is measured by anything other than money. On his 3rd seemingly lily-white shiksah (a gentile girl when married to a jewish guy), he still needs to validate himself to these airhead blonds; one was set up with an art gallery, the other cashed in on a super-duper-prenup, and this one, Linton, is so full of herself, that Stevie-poo needs to keep her interested - trip to fort knox for the eclipse, gov plane to europe.  He's just a sniveling weasel whose sole role in life is to lower taxes on the wealthiest of Americans so his ex-partners at Goldman Sachs will finally accept him as more than an impotent little drone with money making talent.
The world must be very confusing for you. You can't even get away with killing black people in church in the 21st century. Please don't kill any random strangers in your fear, anger, and frustration. I know you have easy access to all the guns and ammo you want. It looks like you miss 1950 when affirmative action was just a white male privilege. Equality is a demotion for you. BTW, I was taught that I had to be twice as good as a white man to get half the recognition. And I did that while being profiled as a suspect every time I left the house. Also, white women have been the primary beneficiaries of affirmative action. Your world must look bleak. I survived Jim Crow and I'll survive you and Trump too. Take responsibility for your choices and stop acting like a victim. You aren't even brave enough to use you own name. What are you afraid of? No one is profiling you. Do you need a hug?
To add, IF they are going to talk about privilege, and that is a big If, to school kids who don't have the critical thinking, context or history background yet, it should be class privilege.   Class is the real indicator of privilege not some human construct known as race!  Also just because it was white men who gave us the foundations of modern society by triggering the enlightenment doean't mean white people are privileged as a whoel or even were at the time. Just because Canada is still mainly white -- yes time to leave the big cities and check out the rest of the country-- doesn't mean Canadians are oppressing or holding people back.  If anything the former colonial powers, usa, uk, france, spain, portugal, denmark, netherlands, sweden probably owe their former colonies repayments/loan forgiveness, but not all white majority countries had colonies and oppressed peoples, nor are people today to blame for past transgressions!  Again time for a history lesson.
If you don't live here in Alaska, OneMoore, it wasn't too long ago that white perpetrators got their rocks of by driving by and paint balling Alaska Natives that they saw walking on the sidewalks of Anchorage.  The Republican majority chose not to create a bill addressing hate crimes.
From my son's friend in South Africa...  Guess what America??? It turns out that despite all your finger pointing, you have a real racism problem too, surprise! Having your first black president is hard! Addressing racism is hard! Just ask South Africa and every African country that's struggled through the transition from colonialism towards equality - yes, a part of that struggle is swinging the pendulum the other way - paying the price for your white privilege, and guess what else??? We (in South Africa) had to change our flags, abandon old flags, topple statues of slave owners, change street names, you name it, we've all been through it - paying our dues. Now it's your turn America. You voted King Donald in and he brought all this back to the surface, so now you have to deal with it like the free and brave people that you brag about being. Time to buck up and put your money where your mouth is.
Why are white libs always hate 'in their own race and normal America and bigoted against nation, flag and country.  That is the question of the hour.  Trump!
The actions of a couple wastoids galvanize the Muslim Protective Society(Democrats) into action every time. Watch the White Hate tirade spew forth. Rip America a new one, Sequim Gazette. Don't hold back, let's see what you got.
Britain did not have a segregated army because there were few "people of color" in the country at the time. The British people "Anglo Saxons" were White like most people in Europe. The idea that the Army should reflect a history that did not exist is ridiculous to all except the PC crowd who are generally not that knowledgable of history
"The Democratic Party and liberal Americans have been in the forefront of protection for First Amendment Rights" Factual events in history by leaders in the Democrat Party demonstrate otherwise. For just one recent example Sally Boynton Brown candidate for Democratic National Committee chair said at a forum Monday that her job, if elected, will be to "shut other white people down". She goes on to say that she will make white people "shut up". Again Gary you are not being completely honest. Warren was dismissed on a Senate rules violation.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U68tHvs95Y8
It's an important point.  When I think about social justice, as one example, the first names that come to mind are Nelson and Winnie Mandela.  Wu'er Kaixi was a big name connected to the Tiananmen protests and lots of "white privilege" university students revered him.  What about the Dalai Lama?  Oprah Winfrey?  Seriously, she has a tremendous amount of power with an audience that transcends race.  Maybe the teacher would be better off practising what she preaches and setting an example for the kids by focusing on real achievement and accomplishment.   There are very prominent and influential role models out there who show that it's not all about race.
BS! I guess you didn't notice Americans elected a white supremacist president. You probably didn't notice the recent spat of swastika/nigger graffiti popping up. Nor the racist flyers posted around public schools in Toronto. That would explain your asinine post.
BRM:  Thank goodness the racists as represented by the White Supremacy movement are a minority.  I certainly don't feel they represent a majority of Americans.  Frankly, if I felt the majority of Americans shared the values of the White Supremacy movement, I'd move to another country.  At the same time, let's be frank here, there is a very real White Supremacy movement in our country at this time and, with the election of Donald Trump, it seems to be getting stronger.  That may be simply a coincidence, but it is also a fact.  Gary Crum
WMC is a more-or-less successful attempt to tick two boxes.  The "White" part of it is a pointer to the 19th century Nonquause (not quite sure of the spelling...) call to "Drive the white invaders back into the sea!" the remainder is a direct nod to the precepts of the Lenin updating of Karl Marx's works: roughly "Everything related to Capital is evil". For more on three-word slogans, Google for the "Buzzphrase Generator".  I don't know whether Bell Pottinger had this in mind!
I think you're completely off base with your interpretation of that article. MacDonald's point is that in contrast to the paranoia and fear mongering about Muslims terrorists, the reality is that mass murders in Canada are far more likely to be committed by white, Christian males, not by olive skinned Muslims. As has been pointed out by others, we don't know the motivation for Bissonette's attack so we don't know if it was religiously motivated or not.  Therefore we can easily compare him to other mass murders since motivation is not a factor in the comparisons. Not only is it irrelevant as you say but it;s deliberately irrelevant so there's no point in your trying to make it something out of it.  You're reading far too much into alleged motives behind MacDonald's article with your confusion about religion vs ethnicity. You're looking for something that is simply not there. Maybe pull back from your paranoia and self-victimization and take it as written.
"Sloppy writing...."  I  would agree, David Gerard Smith. Why single out those three groups alone? An angry popular movement -- made up of people of all backgrounds and regions -- made Donald Trump the US "president elect"; a movement of predominately white people (but also people of color) whom the elite professional politicians ignored and labeled "racist" instead of trying to UNDERSTAND THEM and their anger over Nafta, lost wages, a rust belt environment, among so many other things. Bernie Sanders understood them as Joe Biden would have (AND NOT TAKEN THEM FOR GRANTED). Both could have pulled off a Democratic victory. Both also would have been far more confrontational with Trump. But no! The Democrat elite felt Hillary, the heir apparent, was entitled to the presidency -- as did the media. But the media's gushing over Hillary didn't help her at all; nor did her entertainers, jet setters, professional class people. No wonder she lost and the Democratic party along with her.
"We all know hispanics are white"  That's not what La Raza told me.
And now you're going to use that an excuse to dismiss any legit claims of racism.  Yeah....I get tired of the race card being played when it shouldn't be.  I'm also tired of real racism (which does exist), your "War on Christmas" victimhood complex, your boycott of Starbucks, your white male victim complex, and several other things of which you are pretending to be a victim.
`White man kills three Latinos Killer described as nonchalant, or showing no concern. Trump nonchalant too, shows no concern, keeps silent. That silence speaks volumes.
The present cultural imperium in the West is maintained by a pervasive thought control propagated by the mass media and extending to self-censorship by academics and politicians. Gord Downie is preaching to this choir. 2016 was the best year ever, in spite of this "has been" apologist Gord "white guilt" Downie . Marsha Lederman is a hack promoting the anti-white agenda.
JimmyJ:  We all need to speak-up against and to stand-up to the hateful rhetoric and actions of the ault-right, the white supremacists and the white-nationalists.  Simply "ignoring" them is to give tacit approval to their actions.   As Martin Niemöller so famously put it:      First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out — because I was not a Socialist.      Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out — because I was not a trade unionist.      Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out — because I was not a Jew.      Then they came for me — and there was no one left to speak for me.  At the same time, we, as well, need to condemn any violence from the fringe left.  the Antifa as the most obvious example.  Gary Crum   BTW: here's a good link on this issue....http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/14/us/what-is-antifa-trnd/index.html
I'd be happier too....think they exacerbate the problems....and appeal to white supremicisist folks....  In this case..."less is definitely more".
Quite honestly, Miles, I think at least part of it is the labelling:  calling it "white privilege" seems to me almost like a deliberate attempt to offend and stigmatize, rather than discuss.  And I say this as someone who, as I say elsewhere, thinks it would be flat out ridiculous to deny that there are advantages to being part of the dominant group in our society, and disadvantages for those who aren't. Yes, these interact with other societal advantages and disadvantages (e.g., class), but they have pretty big impacts by themselves.  ...And I hate the use of the label SJW by those who want to dismiss views with which they disagree....
Peter Straton: “In spite of the fact that drug use in middle class white neighborhoods is dramatically higher ……..”  What evidence does Mr. Straton present to support this dubious claim? Absolutely none!
Do you really think just whites are rasists? WE all have a ways to go!
I get it. Our disagreement here, you're now calling me "racist". This is the "you're the one talking about race, so you must be the racist" angle. Here's the thing: racial inequality and white supremacy are as American as apple pie and millions of Muslims who were born in or became citizens of the United States. (See what I did there.) People like you, this subject matter makes you uncomfortable. And if nothing changed about death rates of unarmed non-whites, you'd be fine with the idea, your main "issue" is that people talk about it. So here you are, trying to shout me down. And you are failing. Philando Castile's murder proved that a black man can't legally own a firearm.
"It is just raising awareness that some people have an advantage"  And those "some people" happen to be white and live in Canada. Nice try, bub.
Frankly, Gary, since I am half Shoshone and my people owned most of this state, were murdered by white bigots like you, I would encourage you to leave. President Trump has stated his intention to undo as much of the mand grabs, tribal de-recognition, abrogated treaties, etc. as is possible. Since 2 million across in Central Oregon were ours AND since the original tribe in this area spoke a version of Siksika (meaning my Blackfoot side of the family has a legitimate claim to the land where you are squatting), you might not have much choice in the matter.
Who is painting with a broad brush here?  To state all white males have white privilege is being blinded by progressive false talking points.   I worked at the college on the grounds crew cutting grass, and when it rained we did custodial duties including taking out the trash. While doing this I received some interesting facial impressions from fellow students like I was below them.  I also worked at the Carrier Dome in concessions while in College. While attending an after game party with the Syracuse basketball team and large donors, one of the freshman players came up to the table, gave me a funny look, made a sandwich and then attempted to throw the wrappers in the garbage , but missed. He then looked directly at me, clearly indicating that I should pick up the garbage and place it in the bin.  Those are incidents of privilege, it has nothing to do with color, but  feelings of superiority over others.  Privilege is about money and power.  Leave racial excuses out of it.
My Mom, Dad, both-side Grandpas, and Uncle worked on that road. At one time we were the only trucking company to service it as far as Greater Slave Lake. We are White. When is Taggart Day?
"...treat their slaves levels less than they treated their cows & horses..."  Southerners usually give their horses at least 5 star treatment and their cows at least 4 star, but as noted in another post, it was in their interest to treat slaves very well also.  Most white and black kids grew up playing together.  Certainly, there were Simon Legrees, but they were a tiny minority.  Your description of ethnic cleansing is completely false.  Sheridan said that he would devastate the Shenandoah Valley so much that "a crow would have to carry his own provender to cross it."  Sherman bragged that he "would make the South howl;"  by that he meant, as Sheridan did that by Total War/ethnic cleansing his scorched earth campaign would decimate the Southern civilian population.  Can you give some specific examples of Southerners who hanged blacks that tried to escape?  That would be completely counter-productive.  Do you have any evidence to support your assertion?  Odd that you find hanging funny
Because laws that benefit rich, white men settle much faster than laws that benefit poor, mainly non-white women.
Sorry Allie but you view that Hawaii is dominated by non-whites is not correct. The whites with a group of  some others (Jews, Asians and outsiders) still run things.  You also see in recent years,  a number of globalist billionaires added to this group.  They tend to stay in the background and hide their influence and power.  They do not want to wake up most  here who are asleep.  They learned long ago that this is a smarter strategy rathe than making their control obvious.  They have a variety of people of different ethnic groups to be their front people.
Problem is that "their" neighborhood is likely mostly owned and controlled by white people.
It's not about the anthem, the flag, or the military.   It's about protesting white supremacy.  #FightSupremacy  Resist Trump
And the United States Supreme Court disbarred Clinton. Perjury is also a criminal offense. You should study up on his corrupt lawyers, working at the U.S. Justice Department, under the U.S. Attorney General's Office. 8th grade civics always confuses our criminals. Just ask Nixon's Attorney Generals who resigned for a little tape recording incident at the DNC Headquarters. Arkansas White Trash, it's a Party!  "As a consequence of his conduct in the Jones v. Clinton civil suit and before the federal grand jury, President Clinton incurred significant administrative sanctions.  WikiLeaks a Presidents Pecker. Uncircumcised with a Jewish Lawyer's Association.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_v._Jones
I was a young white boy when Cassius became Muhammad and didn't quite understand it at the time. The more I saw of him, the more I liked him, but I seem to remember some troubling stories of his dealings with the women in his life and various other things. In the end he was just a man and had plenty of faults like all of us.  But his mouth, his determination in the ring and on the world stage and his intelligence and the power he gave to the black community here at home and world-wide will forever leave me glad I was around to see and hear him.
Well into the twentieth century lynchings of blacks in the southern United States were not only common but were social events where white families would bring the children and a picnic lunch, and take pictures of the hanging, to be made into commemorative postcards.   Female slaves were often raped by white male slave owners.     On average, an African American man, woman, or child was hanged, generally by a white mob, once a week, every week between 1882 and 1930, as police actively participated or stood by and condoned the murders.   Thus is America's habit and the birth and our fare of violence on this day of our Lord September 21, 2016.
Not exactly, Sarasi1.  Gutenburg did stand apart in his invention.....he built and improved upon what the Chinese - and don't forget Koreans and Japanese did -   "But what really set Gutenberg apart from his predecessors in Asia was his development of a press that mechanized the transfer of ink from movable type to paper. Adapting the screw mechanisms found in wine presses, papermakers' presses and linen presses, Gutenberg developed a press perfectly suited for printing. The first printing press allowed for an assembly line-style production process that was much more efficient than pressing paper to ink by hand. For the first time in history, books could be mass-produced — and at a fraction of the cost of conventional printing methods."   http://www.livescience.com/43639-who-invented-the-printing-press.html  Not everything attributed to white Europeans and Americans is false, you know....
"The Sunday uproar started when Trump was asked by Tapper whether he would disavow Duke and other white supremacist groups that are supporting his campaign.  "Just so you understand, I don't know anything about David Duke, OK?" Trump said.  "Trump was pressed three times on whether he'd distance himself from the Ku Klux Klan -- but never mentioned the group in his answers.  "I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists," he said. "So I don't know. I don't know -- did he endorse me, or what's going on? Because I know nothing about David Duke; I know nothing about white supremacists."  ~ CNN, February 29, 2016  http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/28/politics/donald-trump-white-supremacists/
Trump's big body play in Asia is getting resolutely shut down by allies, his own administration members, and, of course, big adversaries in the form of China and Russia.  So, what does he do?  He focuses on whatever fight he can find.  Even if it means picking on his own "fellow Americans".  Hit the CEOs, hit Graham and McCain etc., hit anti-Nazis.  Embrace the ONLY ONES in America who would still shout his name with approval (White Supremacists - although there is one prominent one who's hella mad with him for giving his daughter to Kushner; toe-ing a fine line of political correctness within the White Supremacist movement. . . WHAT SKILL!).  Time for the American Psychological Association to rescind the Goldwater Rule, and permit open diagnosis and discussion of Trump's Narcissism.  It is getting to redline levels.  Congress needs to act.  The professionals need to educate Congress on the potential consequences of not acting.
Seems that you are calling David Suzuki a white supremacist Did you do an editorial against him when he wanted to jail Stephen Harper?.
"Why does Protestant North America so consistently and so overwhelmingly outperform Catholic Central and South America?"  I think it has something to do with the differences in how we abused our respective indigenous peoples. We kept shoving ours further west onto smaller and smaller parcels of undesirable land, whereas in Central and South America they enslaved theirs. Gave us more breathing room for those noble impulses of "honesty, modesty and accountability in civil authorities," dontcha know.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Catholic Church has problems. Nobody denies that. But it's just plain loopy to think the bishops actually have some master plan to replace the white faces in their churches with brown, more subservient ones. Do you really think they have that much foresight, let alone planning ability? Utter nonsense.
Richard's racism is showing again. He thinks that anything that isn't white and male is worthless. He'll be faced with some hard truths on Nov. 9.
Whites are what voted trump in and we celebrate our rebel heritage and the rebel flag represents that free independent spirit against any tyranny of government control
Why is she not charged with hate crimes too? Because she is Muslim  threatening white Christians. Move along folks nothing to see here.
I have wondered HOW our hierarchy, "white Catholics/Christians" and these wealthy/positioned could back a Trump - as a "human", let alone national leader. My ancient studies in (Catholic) social ethics and life as a Catholic finally kicked-in.  The Catholic Church holds democracy in disdain, even a threat. As a 50's univ. student the preference for "enlightened despotism" as a form of gov. was a given. So, a "trump" as leader of a democracy is simply a demonstration of its perniciousness, his demagoguery an added bonus. Support for key institutional issues - abortion, homophob. and misog. warrant reciprocal pandering and "overlook" rather than "oversight" of vices, lie, self-serving abuse of all kinds. "Republican" and "Democrat" are mostly mislabeling and muddying the water and oil. It is really right-wing Christian types and everybody else. "The ordinary Catholic is a simple person. It is the role of the bishops to protect...from the power of the intellectuals" (Ratzinger on Kung).
Your off by several hundred years with that thought process. Native Americans needed a united Homeland security and show resistance to immigrant's as early as the late 1400's. Nice try though. The 2nd amendment was for white men to repel other white men.
How come no one else sees this as racist ? What happens if someone starts a school that says "Whites Only College" or "College of People Named Bill"? Federally funded college with a minority mandate? Who funds this we can't get disabled vets medical care, we can't pay or national debt and we can't seem to get out of wars in the middle east while we sit on oil locked up by federal overlords who have never been to the state. Insanity on all levels
Can we make up our mind?  Half the people/articles are mourning the black community's inability to continue to self-segregate; loss of community; the distance they now have to travel to continue to attend their preferred "black schools", and the dreadful idea that white people are moving in around them.  Half the articles are claiming that same segregation as proof of a problem.  Which is it?
If you carried a torch with those Nazis, if you marched alongside them as they chanted "Jews will not replace us" and "blood and soil" you are not a "very fine person", you are, at best, a Nazi sympathizer. At worst, you are a Nazi. If you stood and chanted with men and women who wore hoods emblazoned with confederate flags you are a KKK sympathizer. If you stand up for these people's good intentions and walk in solidarity with their "defense of cultural heritage" you are at least a fellow traveler in white supremacy, more likely a white supremacist yourself. Nobody marching with that crowd is a decent person, nobody. And they all had a hand on the steering wheel, as did Trump and his entire group of supporters, every one.
-stolen vehicle (check)  -trooper witnessed reckless driving (check)  -driving without insurance and the correct licenses (check)  And the trooper lets the guy go without so much as even blowing an alcohol level?     How do the rest of us get this kind of preferential treatment in Alaska, besides be white and be related to a major *someone* in the Alaska GOP, the church or the troopers?
The Office of Minority Economic Impact (OMEI) was established under the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95-619) on November 9, 1978. OMEI is one of three sub-agencies that make up the Department of Energy’s Office of Economic Impact and Diversity (ED). As such, the primary mission of OMEI is to build effective partnerships between the Department and minority institutions, increase the capabilities of such institutions to compete effectively for grants and contracts, and to increase their participation in Department programs.  And this would be the section they are changing.... (F) Definition for the purpose of this act. (1)   “minority” means any individual who is a citizen of the United States and who is a Negro, Puerto Rican, American Indian, Eskimo, Oriental, or Aleut or is a Spanish speaking individual of Spanish descent;   Now, exactly how does one come up with all the white noise being heaved in on this?
Clearly, anti-white racism is alive and well in Canada.  First Nations are allow to protest Canada at the ceremony celebrating the creation of Canada (as they and anyone else is entitled to), but other are not allowed to protest First Nations ceremonies.  Yup, racism is alive and well under the flag of social justice warriors (who never risked anything to ensure our and their rights.)
Should we also destroy all the statues of the man who said to 12,000 people in Charleston, Illinois September 18, 1858:  "I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races, [applause]-that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race."  We would have to start with the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C., of course.
Anyone who thinks that there is nothing shameful in their ancestral past is naive beyond belief. I have nothing good to say about the KKK, white supremacy or the Nazis but eliminating history doesn't change the past. Not much different than ISIS destroying religious symbols. Eventually the world may find that the people behind this are really the enemy. This country is suppose to be better than this.
And we see how quite the melanistically-challenged section of the bleachers gets when confronted with this kind of injustice--PARTICULARLY when it's demonstrated this represents long-standing tradition, not an abberation.  And of course anyone who even HINTS that such judicial travesties reflect the inherent white supremacist nature of our judicial institutions will be shouted down as a WAAAAAAAAAAAYCIST!!!  Or met with a wall of shamefaced silenced.  S'aight.  You're only fooling yourselves...
Yeah...teaching in public schools is a total cash cow. Lol...oh and all those liberals pledge allegiance to the flag, with sincerity, every morning with the kids. The vast majority are from white middle class backgrounds - so not your standard America-hatin' radicals.
There is.  The first two Muslims I met in Alaska when I arrived here in 2004 were a 17 year-old young man and his 13 year old sister (wearing full hijab).  They were Native Alaskans.  It was at the State Fair and they prayed 'Asr prayer with my wife and I.  Very nice, respectful, dignified young people.  Wish I'd thought to ask 'em about how all the violence and terrorist attacks they and their people had suffered from Muslim immigrants.  But I was new to the area and didn't know this was a problem here.  And in hindsight, I suspect they'd probably have had much more to say about the violence and terror of Russian Orthodox and white American Protestants.  Moat.  Beam.  PS: That Somali restaurant has great food, if you like it spicy.  I do.
And yet, you can't shop at Office Depot, no employees. Signs for help wanted in every business in town. What, oh what could the cause of this be? Could it be...Satan? And the DemoRats. Free money from rich working whites to the rest of the world. Pfooie.
No, all you ask for is to be allowed to ignore the documented proof.  Trump is on video admitting his sexual predation.    Just because you ignore it doesn't mean the proof isn't a reality.  All you have is your denial, the proof is the reality.  As for the supremacist admittance?  Here's another video you can attempt to deny.   Donald Trump: Eugenics https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yh0jAxOxGE Why anyone would think he's soo a white supremacist is beyond me.
First off I am not a "White nationalist." I am an American. Second off, it turns out that the car driver was? Tada! An ANTIFA operative that drove into peaceful protesters. Who just happened to have a permit to do their parade. Does it hurt your feelings that your fascist buddies were exposed?
"Atheism" itself has "god" in the word.  As on critique I read some years ago said, atheism, still has not defined itself beyond the opposite of, or negative to a belief in a deity.  In simple terms, Communism failed/fails because its' core focus is simply to be the opposite of capitalism. "if you say black, I say white"  Not a way to build a successful "brand", or philosophy.  If today's religiously indifferent give atheists hope/belief their thought processes are taking hold, they are mistaken...
Does Donald Trump draw support from the alt-right. . DId the alt-right vote for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?  . Steven Bannon Trump advisor. Anthony Scaramucci lashes out at Steve Bannon, calls him “alt-right”. Bannon once proudly described Breitbart as "the platform for the alt-right," . "We've been legitimized by this election," Richard Spencer, Spencer has also become one of the most identifiable leaders of the so-called Alt-Right movement – a loose consortium of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, men's rights activists and social media denizens who believe white people are under threat from immigration, multiculturalism and political correctness. He supports Trump! . “We are determined to take our country back,” Duke said,  “We are going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That’s what we believed in. That’s why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he’s going to take our country back.”  To fulfill the KKK vision for the USA. . Hmm, with your logic Gene
The "White group" were a pack of nazis, klansmen and white nationalists. Go ahead and make excuses for them all you want. Civilized people want them deported out of our country. I'd swap them all for an equal number of undocumented workers that are civilized.
"Poor" is the operative word. Why bring race and ethnicity into it? In sheer numbers, whites living in poverty exceed any other race or ethnicity by a factor greater than 2. So why make this about race? Do you consider yourself to be a bigot on the issue of abortion and women's reproductive health? I think your comment is bigoted in its slimy innuendo. Planned Parenthood does no forced sterilization, but prior to WW II 37 states had passed forced sterilization laws which targeted blacks and Catholics. Margaret Sanger resigned from Planned Parenthood after PP decided against forced sterilization. So, the conflation of Planned parenthood with Sanger's eugenic theories is unfounded, particularly today. Not surprisingly, a number of right-wing polemicists make a living for themselves with fake news they peddle to right-wing bigots and anti-feminists.  2% of the PP funds goe to abortion, the rest to education, cancer and STD screening, and provision of contraceptives which reduce abortions.
Trump voters just want America to be white again. Equality is a demotion for many white folks. They know their most valuable asset is their white skin. Most of them have been economic losers in the digital age where education and working with people from all over the world is more valuable than being white. They want their white privilege back that they claim doesn't exist. That is why they miss the 1950's.
You have no clue about BC do you? Ever heard of clayoquot sound? Your "white man's lie" Is just that because you are an oil lobbyist.
I think that's what the folks who write for ADN fail to notice. The liberal leaning journalists have convinced Alaskans that the villages can't survive without the urban folks keeping them afloat. They *can* survive just like they did before white men came -- yet they claim cultural superiority while at the same time taking state and federal dollars to run (and waste) in their communities. With all the fraud going on, perfect example of the North Slope Borough especially Barrow, Alaskans in urban communities are a bit mistrusting of what rural folks have been doing with that flow of cash in the last few decades. Accountability is a big problem and working, urban folks are tired of footing their bill. The state can't afford the budget that grew. They have to cut. Rural folks got too comfy with free clinics and internet in their libraries. Time to pay your own way people.
Well grumpy gramps you do have a redeeming quality after all, you can catch the odd spelling miscue of others. How you manage doing that between downing bucketfulls of the white man's firewater is surely a mystery of science. Now why not find a nice corner and pass out, you'll be doing yourself and the world a favor.
I don't necessarily agree with "white supremacy", but at the same time think that everyone should have the right to free speech. BLM protests have incited not only the killing of police officers, but the destruction of businesses, looting and destroying government property. Why hasn't there been a huge outcry and condemning of these riots and protests?
Yes, a majority of white women in America voted for him. Majority. I'm not detracting nor supporting Trump but we've all heard this from the media before, Trump being done. He's got what, almost 3 and a quarter more years to go.
Tomorrow should be a lot of fun.  When the National Anthem begins, all the colored players are going to take a knee and sit out, then all the white fans at the stadiums are going to walk out, and all the NFL owners are going to freak out as their precious advertising revenue dwindles.  Thanks again Hussein Obama.
Just to repeat once more - since those on the right supporting Trump don't seem to get it - here on these boards.  Those on the right seem to find some type of moral equivalency between the Antifa on the left and the right wing racist extremists.  It is pure ignorance and embarrassing to hear such an argument.  The distinction is that the neo-Nazis, kkk, and white supremacists don't like people because of the color of their skin. The Antifa (aka Anti-Fascists) does not like the neo-Nazis, and white supremacists because of the content of their character.  Violence is not the answer but their is a huge difference.  Understand?
Yep, it's a simple mistake to jam the accelerator and send your car careening into a group of protesters. Good thinking. Just enable murder against patriotic Americans during the reign of The Orange Creature.   No pun intended, but such laws would obviously backfire when we all decide to make a parking lot out of the next white supremacist rally.
Notapenny will push that button to blow up Mt. Rushmore as long as I can scream "ALLAHU AKBAR!!!"  while doing it like ISIS did in the Middle East. Certainly we can do as good as ISIS here in Amerikkka. May I please ad the Washington Monument to the list as well. Truly a symbol of white hetero male privilege if there ever was one.
"Protests against police use of force occurred in other cities such as Tulsa in Oklahoma and Charlotte in North Carolina. The use of heavy-duty riot gear and military-grade weapons and equipment to police these demonstrations raised several concerns in terms of the demonstrators’ right to peaceful assembly."  "Disparities in women’s access to sexual and reproductive health care, including maternal care, continued. The maternal mortality ratio rose over the last six years; African-American women remained nearly four times more likely to die of pregnancy-related complications than white women. "  "Legal discrimination against LGBTI people persisted at the state and federal level."  "Over 80,000 prisoners at any given time were held in conditions of physical and social deprivation in federal and state prisons throughout the country."  "Twenty men were executed in five states, bringing to 1,442 the total number of executions..."  Fix your own house first before condemning your neighbour.
Should they all move to Thunder Bay then and be attacked and killed by gangs of white supremacist youths?  Or perhaps they'd be better off in cities like Winnipeg and Vancouver where Indigenous women and girls are prey for serial killers?  Telling Indigenous peoples it's their fault and they should just move and leave what's left of their homelands is truly assinine.  This is how racist settlers gaslight and deflect responsibility; they want Canadians to keep ignoring the fact that these children are killing themselves. You are just peddling the same racist assumptions, callous indifference, wilful ignorance and dispossession that all the settlers before you pushed; this is the reason why these children are still dying.
Media and sports organizations need people like Jemele Hill...smart articulate journalists who provide thoughtful and sometimes controversial commentary.  Her tone and language was offside in her first tweet calling Trump a White Supremacist but she should be encouraged to express her perspective backed up with facts and if the facts point to a logical conclusion, so be it.  The White House and selected NFL Owners are offside in their push to demand players stand for the anthem.  This is clearly a violation of 1st amendment rights for the players.  We should be striving for a considered dialogue on the issues raised by player protestors with a bias toward corrective action collectively rather than this petty, ego driven desire by the White House to demand players stand against their will to satisfy Trump's authoritarian view of the world where patriotism is defined by unquestioned allegiance to flag and country for which he is the President.  Shameful.
Why don't the "white unskilled masses" go and get SKILLED? Surely there is no dirth of educational opportunities in Canada
Of 3005 white murder victims, 2509 of them were killed by other white people and of 2491 black victims, 2245 of them were killed by other black people.  Maybe we need WLM too?
Right, Donnie.  MAWA  Make America White Again.
Most likely the demise of the Democratic Party may have been the result of  the decimation of white, blue-collar families and  liquidation of America's middle class and industrial strength that consequently gave birth to the rise of Donald J. Trump. Which makes resistance to Trump clashing with the movement that brought Trump to the presidency ->>> the very life and existence of white, blue-collar families, of the middle class and of the restoration of US industrial strength. Anti-Trump talking points as basis for resisting Trump may be fruitless and meaningless in the face of fact that the movement that brought Trump to the presidency was in spite of all the anti-Trump talking points that Trump protesters voice out
Bill, your (sob) story is breaking my heart. You are such a victim. And because of your skin color! We should elect (or maybe some foreign power could help us to elect) a white guy (obviously) who will stand up for you poor, poor victimized white men.  Your situation is so heart-rending, I'm actually sobbing uncontrollably for you. Have you sought counseling for your trauma? You deserve compensation from society for having endured so much. Your fortitude in the face of such awful oppression is truly inspiring. You help all victimized white men face the challenges of yet another day. Thank-you.
There is no voter fraud. The only fraud that is happening is voter suppression by white folks heaped upon voters of color.
What you say is theatre, plain and simple. It's about putting on a huge show of cracking down on "all those bad foreigners" whom the current power base believe must be at the root of America's problems. If this were actually about safety & terrorism, everyone would be looking inwards. The majority of terrorists who kill Americans are white American citizens, and every time someone does a national survey of law enforcement leadership, the white-right-wingnut community (neo-Nazis, sovereign citizens, white supremacists, etc.) tops the list of "things that chief cops worry about at night".
keaukaha>  Howdy!  Like you said in your post, I'm not turning a blind eye, even though I have only one good eye now, I don't like the fact that on his (POTUS) inauguration, there were riots in DC, why no one shouted them down, but when it's white guys supporting their beliefs, why shout them down and counter protest?  Why not let them have their protest and then go home?  Problem is that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander.  Peaceful protest and no counter protest is having a good protest with possibly no violence.  Clash of ideologies and maybe racism, but why let the two meet and clash?   Better law enforcement control would have helped mitigate tremendously.  Have a nice day.
My point is precisely that we should not wait, but that we should plow ahead with the most obvious and overwhelming technology. This is a good example (as was the Internet not so long ago) of how profitability wrecks the best of social intentions. Waiting until somebody figures how best to extract value from a social need or want, you make it possible for the same to ring-fence the resources for their exclusive use and cut out anybody that does not have the funding to access them.  Trust me, that's precisely how TICSA and Internet Solutions excluded me from participating in their power games. It is being an underdog that makes me realise why powerful interests prefer to keep me there. It also happens to be how the black elite chooses to deal with whites, who now expect that lack of fairness not to cross the race boundary, for reasons of a newly-discovered need for fairness.  When it comes to water, do we really want South African Breweries to get a monopoly on extracting it?
Of course education means nothing you.  You are inured in myth and folklore not fact.  As for comprehending to whom I am speaking, it is to a pretender, nothing more.  . As for your psychoanalysis is is about as accurate as your grasp of the political reality in Hawaii.  . In closing you are the one who constantly bemoans the cruelty of the white, racist society that you dwell in.  I hope that one day you learn to enjoy living in my world, I revel in it. . Aloha
This is not about disrespecting, the Anthem, Veterans or the Country. This is a vocal handful of white snowflakes all upset about football players kneeling in protest against the treatment of African Americans in our society.    I guess these delicate lily white snowflakes still haven't gotten past the notion of an African American president easily winning two terms in their version of "The Real America."
Yeh Paul! You are right, Biko was uneasy about colour politics but in answering the central question of his political project: why is it that white workers fails to identify with the interest of black workers, he were forced by existing socio-economic realities/frame of the time to retrace the historical evolution of these social categories with the purpose to supersed/overcome them not to make them permanent defining character. Hehe! But as for continued use of those categories, well, politically it serves the agendas of the powers-that-be. For everything could be scapegoated, thus absolving the powerholders from any failures. There is a political benefits, though self-interested and short-term in its focus.
I agree with you that one of the problems here seems to be too-easy access to deadly weapons. But I'm curious about some of your other comments, since nothing in the article mentions gangs or the suspects' race/ethnicity. Nothing in the article mentions that random shooting is important to the shooters' culture, and the their views on violence, rape or familial ties are not a part of the article either.  But I believe similarly that in general, the growing problems of white privilege, misogyny, patriarchy, and gun culture in the US are a ticking timebomb. The Southern Poverty Law Center has done some good work tracking some of these threats as well. About reparations I can only assume that you must think the suspects are Japanese and you disagree that Japanese families should have gotten reparations after WWII. I disagree and I think these were an important step in addressing the US shameful wartime treatment of Japanese citizens.
“Today, the Trump administration took up the cause of oppressed white people.”
Granted, hatred and intolerance know no ethnic, racial or religious boundaries.  However, it appears that Islamic jihadists have killed far more people than the white supremacists that the author decries.  Furthermore, the Islamic jihadists are fully convinced that they will enter paradise after detonating their devices and killing innocent passers-by.  Otherwise, why would they willingly kill themselves? This alone makes them more dangerous than the white supremacist nutcase who has no such illusions about entering paradise after committing some horrific act on innocents.
Kudos to Archbishop Chaput for calling this event what it was, a racist obscenity.  To call for dialogue with white supremacists is folly.  GODADDY. com has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to remove their website after it viciously attacked Heather Heyer, the young woman killed by the 'alleged' driver of the vehicle that slammed into peaceful protesters. There is no reasoning with hate at this level.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2017/08/14/godaddy-bans-neo-nazi-site-daily-stormer-for-disparaging-woman-killed-at-charlottesville-rally/?utm_term=.7467761f1df3
No, you implied that this described the new commenters. Except for the one person pushing the "anti racist is anti white genocide" bs, how can you lump all people who have reservations about statism or illegal immigration as alt-rightists?
Hardly.  Africa's population will more than double within those 2 lifetimes you mention.  There is absolutely no reason to believe that Africa will pull itself from this spiral, every reason to believe that Africa will continue, indefinitely, on its tortuous path  Measures to control population, or even diseases such as AIDS, are viewed widely as white man's conspiracies. Ignorance, superstition and tribalism are not on the wane, rather the opposite.  The people's only hope is to leave: the waves of Africans trying to get to Europe is only the thin edge of what could become a massive wedge.  Europe's past is not Africa' future. But Africa's present may well become Europe's, and the west's, future.
Yup, what were those guys thinking?  I guess they never got the memo that everyone's allowed to protest except white males...
You might want to take another look at some of Jefferson's writings in that regard.  As for the salafis, they were my enemies before you ever heard of 'em.  But isn't proscribing and/or mandating certain faiths kind of...er...unconstitutional?  You'll look pretty silly arguing for a 'white Christian only' Alaska though, considering how those who named it and have resided here the longest are neither Christian nor white.  Perhaps you should got try to found your 'White Christian State' in Norway or something.  Doubt they'd have you, though...
vilified and painted with a broad, derogatory brush. u mean like white males - a precedent has been established - ​
Well, everyone is racist if that's the word we use for seeing the 'other' as different and being potentially hostile or dismissive to the 'other'.  Of not wanting to have to deal with the 'other'.  I don't think this is a white issue, but human even primal issue.  We speak more of white racism, because in first world countries white people are a majority, and thus wield more power - if roles were reversed, and some other racial group was in power and the majority, the racism we'd focus on would be theirs.    Recognizing this factor of human nature, and building in rules and controls against it so that people do not mistreat other people has been a huge step forward for western civilization.  And given time and a less divisive discourse, in the end the 'other' will be 'one of us'.
Mighty white of ya!
I'm not surprised at Lisa she has shown herself to be a leaf in the wind but Dan should have a spine. Black Lives and Antifa they are the epitome of a hate group. They attack both physically and verbally anyone who they don't agree with. The examples are endless but since the mainstream media will not report them and the Democratic party now builds itself around the well known Marxist tactic  of slandering their opposition with their own shortcomings then prevaricate the issue someone has to. Thank You Mr President for being the only man in the room with enough guts to speak the truth when no one else will.  We let everyone speak in this country because that is what makes us who we are, free people. I don't really know who the "white" group was because it doesn't mater, they had the right to have their demonstration and nothing would have come of it, BLM and Antifa (the ultimate oxymoron) came ready to fight, and they did. Not to point that out is the biggest lie of the day.
Why is that people who apologize for Trump always seem to have a tenuous grasp of history and even basic fact? Randy, the Nazis WERE fascists.   And don't you think it's sort of suspect to imply that the Nazis were really not as bad as the "fascists and communists"? Can't you see how this looks like as an apology for Nazis?  Additionally, until a couple days ago, a leader of the white nationalist "alt-right", Steve Bannon, was an important member of the Trump administration. Was THIS part of the Trump administration's strategy to terrorize the populace?
Mass shootings account for a tiny percentage of total deaths, and don't tell the story of what would make us safer.  To be accurate, the percentage of mass shooters who are white is about the same as the percentage of people who are white. Blacks and reread slightly over represented, Latinos under represented and Asians highly over represented.   http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/27/us/mass-shootings/index.html
Eh.  Just as yours could be used as an 'excuse-template' for a coach trying to argue the ref out of a 'penalty' flag when his forwards were caught off-sides.  This is the irony most eloquently spoken of by John Brown (America's greatest 'white' Christian martyr) before sentencing:  "...had I [acted] in behalf of the rich, the powerful, the intelligent, the so-called great...or any of that class, and suffered and sacrificed what I have in this...every man in this court would have deemed it an act worthy of reward rather than punishment.  [the bible] ...teaches me...to 'remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them'...I am yet too young to understand that God is any respecter of persons. I believe that to have interfered as...I have always freely admitted I have done in behalf of His despised poor, was not wrong, but right."  Amiin.  That is the difference between us as I see it.  You defend the mighty.  I speak out for their victims.
There's been a socialist in the White House for the last eight years. Truth be told, if you look at the policies of the Bush 2, Clinton and Bush 1 administrations, there's been a semi-socialist or socialist is the White House for more than quarter a century. Congress brought us the Contract with America that Bill Clinton reluctantly signed, and that brought some great economic growth in the 1990s (bolstered by Reagan's reorganization of the tax code), but that was all wiped out by Bush 2 and Obama. You really should actually study some economic history, Mr. Wicks.
"A report released by the FBI documented 12,765 people were killed by police officers between 2008 and 2012. The five-year study, which grouped all the deaths regardless of how targets were actually killed, reported 77.7 percent of people killed by officers were men, and 51.1 percent were black men, while 46.3 percent were white, 2.6 percent were of other races, and the races of 130 victims were unknown." ibtimes  OMG, they're discriminating against men!
Also, I have to thank you for the best laugh of the morning.  You claiming that "whites" are the ones always bringing "race into the discussion" is so funny and telling that I had stop reading and enjoy a great laugh.  Thanks a million!
Truth about Antisocial Warriors for Injustice and their SJW term is embarrassing, isn't it? Keep using those neo-Nazi buzzwords. Makes you look real cool.  "Muh ethics in gaming journalism! Muh Confederate flag! Muh Confederate heritage! Muh white genocide! Muh Daddy Trump!  Hail Trump! Hail our people!"  (that last 'Hail Trump/Hail our people' bit was a real quote from AntiSocial Warrior for Injustice and noted white supremacist alt-right founder Richard Spencer who said it at a rally celebrating Trump's victory to a room full of nazi salutes.  Nothing to see here, though, right? A lot of "very fine people" regurgitate neo-nazi buzzwords.   "Some very fine people on both sides... on BOTH sides" of the neo-Nazi neo-Confederate tiki torch march and subsequent murder of Heather D. Heyer  - DJT
Got yer stud right here, cupcake.  Unless it's located between your ears, you've made no points worth addressing.  Firstly, not a liberal.  I oppose so-called "GLBT rights", abortion-on-demand and gun control.  Didn't vote for Killary the Blood Countess OR the Trumpy Horror Picture Show because neither evil was the lesser.  Not being a white supremacist doesn't make be a "liberal."  Don't give a hairy pair of rodent bawlz what you believe or don't believe, sonny.  But if you want to come off slightly less stupid than you've managed so far, remember Poitier's Law and keep it Wholly:  "ASSUME just makes an @$$ of U, not Me."  Khalas.
Right.  White folks always claim to be "Indian" whenever they wanna get their white supremacist freak on.  They think it 'validates' 'em some kinda way...
Trump is the master of manipulation, entertainment, and distraction.  He played his base this weekend as he was beginning to lose some of them as many of the white working class members of the base realized how ripped off his policies are.  To snap them back into obedience, he invented a phony controversy.  Trump is damaging America bigtime.
the concern or talking point on the left when it comes to crime and incarceration has been that minorities face disproportionate contact with the criminal justice system. That's either true or it isn't. Some would argue those communities tend to be over policed or poverty leads to crime or whatever, but it either there is dispropriotonate contact or there isn't.   While I'm not one to usually give the benefit of the doubt, there is a public interest in knowing what violent offenders look like. That goes whether they're white or some other ethnicity. Call it public shaming or pragmatic self defense, but knowledge is power.
What you mean is that statistics you hate are wrong ("FBI corruption") and a vague reference to "white mass murders" which you haven't proven is more prolific than ones committed by blacks. When it comes to blame of the statistics you keep trying to evade, you try to point a deflective finger at "American culture" when a specific demographic is overwhelmingly responsible for the data you claim is false and try to brush away.
No I was referring to the time prior to 1954 when republicans ruled.  At that time Oahu country club was for whites and any minority you saw was the help.  Would it be different today if republicans took over?  Who knows but do you really want to find out?
I find it this bit funny that white folks are arguing if the word "cracker" is offensive or not toward them. You folks do know that black people used the "n" word on each other all the times but only find it offensive if any one else of different skin tone uses it. (What does NWA from Straight out of Compton stand for, eh?) Being Japanese American myself, there is a three letter word that can be offensive toward me. There should be a zero tolerance toward any racially offensive word, then this won't be a problem, eh? So if Mr. Cofey uses one of them, he should be kick off. Fair is fair. If some white guy sang a song from NWA song list, Mr. Cole would be the first one on the stage dragging poor guy off. This bring us to Mr. Cole's whose stand is remarkably hypocritical in nature since it reflects a very liberal perception of what we call.....double standards.
Indian casinos are karmic retribution for white settlers introducing indigenous folks to alcohol. What goes around comes around.
It's OK to be white.
.  Time doesn't  change the history so compensation is now an eternal debt white man must pay forever to soothe all future emotional traumas  caused by simply knowing the schools existed at all. . Natives will be wanting compensation because their great great great grand mother's second cousin on their fathers side knew somebody who went to a school in 1940
Speaking of presidential candidates, why are you giving cover to the white nationalist supporters of Trump that are leading PSU Students for Trump?   You have the evidence, and according to Vlad himself, he told you all about his "racial realist" views.  Yet WW does a profile on him that gives him respectability and free publicity, even going so far as to post a correction about "Bolshevik commissars," but won't share with it's readers that he's a white supremacist.  What the hell?! You all should be ashamed of yourselves.
This only displays that the people studied were biased against names which were not familiar to them not that white men hired white men  If you were to go to another country, where whites are not a majority you would get similar results: ie hiring names that were common to those doing the hiring  to me it is quite clear that as more emigration happens, people will get more accustomed to one another
Mr Singh is bad for Trudeau and great for Andrew Scheer.    He will make inroads in the Toronto Suburbs, radical left whites, and Vancouver ridings.   They are Trudeau strongholds.  It will allow some 3 way splits and Scheer will wrap up the economic literate voters along with the working class.    Scheer will appeal to those with jobs in the private sector.
If the last 8 years were that great, we would not be having these rallies at all and Hillary would be president. Blame the real cause of a Trump Presidency. And it's not white supremist or Russia.  Most of you can't handle the truth...
The posters below are generally missing Wiesel's point; it's the STATE that must "choose sides" in the struggle against fascism, not a few hotheaded anti-fascists armed only with their righteous anger, sticks and bricks.  By remaining supposedly neutral in the conflict between WN and AntiFa, the state consents not just to the promulgation of fascist race hatred, but also to the white supremacism still endemic in American life. In the Civil Rights era, in contrast, the federal government's willingness to counter white supremacists, by force if necessary, turned the tide in favor of equality.   If Eisenhower, Kennedy and LBJ had approached civil rights struggle the way that the mayor and police chief of Charlottesville recently did, they'd have decided that Dr. King and George Wallace were equivalent, both troubled outliers in an otherwise peaceful, just society.
My point is that police respond to high crime areas differently then an average middle class neighborhood. Is that fair or simply prudent?  I'm sure you would prefer more police in your neighborhood if you have gun toting drug dealers standing on your corners.  To make this a race issue is not true.  It is a crime incident issue.  Why black and Hispanic  neighborhoods have the bulk of the drug trade/shootings/robberies/burglaries/rapes is the question.  If  other white neighborhoods had the same crimes you would see the same arrest results. Bottom line is those in prison have committed  serious  crimes.  Maybe the answer is more police to enforce minor crimes in upper class neighborhoods. Would that solve the problem?
At times yes, lynching does work as an example. Due Process? What about everybody else in villages rights to stop whites or natives selling illegal alcohol. Who speaks for them?
White House: Trump’s condemnation includes “white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups”.  ...except that's not what Trump said. ???
Diversity, Why does it matter? Well it means that the R's electoral prospects which have benefitted "huuudgely" from the "dixiecrat" exodus in the 1960's thru the 90's are now carrying that legacy anchor around their necks! In 1980, 90% of voters were white, in 2016 it's 70% by 2045 it will be 50% ! Comprender
Like average white people that conceal carry, apparently its criminal when people of color do that
I doubt you have ever been to a "Boss" show or you would know his fans are not white middle class men , stick to what you know if you know anything at all ! Go listen to Kanye West or Justin Beiber . Bruce is worth every penny and it seems the thousands of fans around the world think so !
Paid agitators on both sides.  Craigslist Post paying 5K to $25/hr,  a hollywood firm for a crowd.  Cops funneling the right wingers towards the antifa communists.    This is out of saul alinsky's playbook, divide and conquer.  Diamond and Silk, are black, women and conservative and they support Trump! Milo, Gay, Jewish, another Trump supporter.  Trump's own daughter Jewish, Trumps longtime confidant, Cohen, Jewish, Trump's own Son-in-Law, Jewish!  So to think Trump's is a NAZI is absurd and conjecture!  These white Nationalists are no different then La Raza or BLM, they are not all white supremacists.  Perhaps they too are sick of seeing out of control immigration in only White Nations?  On an industrial scale from NGO's and why?  I think Trump and Co. are getting closer and closer to that massive pedo child ring, linking John Podesta and the DNC.  Remember both Bill and Barry went to Epstein island.    Why hasn't the left press covered the biological attack from Antifa, feces urine?
You seemed to be itching to use this, and I am not exactly sure what you meant.  Do you mean there was a dedicated voter suppression policy from the Republican party in which only "old white men" would be allowed to vote? Not even middle aged or young white men?
Yeah, OBVIOUSLY this was the FIRST time the kid had trespassed and damaged something, right? Perhaps you should work on context, and understand that humans don't react that way without repeat provocation. "they let their destructive brats run unsupervised. When you call them on it, you’re a racist, white devil. I’m not getting ripped off…I feared for my life". So he reached a boiling point, and flipped out. A verbal threat to vacate and brandishing a club on YOUR OWN PROPERTY to scare off a trespasser actively damaging property, wasn't exactly a crime the last I'd checked. The parents should have apologized (via letter if the relationship is that heated), offered to fix the damage to the tree, and made sure that kid NEVER goes in his yard again, ever. Very easy to do. Instead, they returned with their own weapons, intentionally escalated this out of nothing. They should have been arrested. Instead he was bombed by bored cops with toys and injured. He should sue the neighbors next.
It's a sad reflection on the 47.9% of the people who voted  for a man who gave practically no details on how he will "Make America Great Again"  I ask; for whom was it great for?  White, wealthy men?   Minorities, women, people with disabilities and low income folks are still waiting for a country that is just and equal in it's treatment and opportunities.  My biggest concern is Trump is a climate denier and we are almost out of time before runaway climate change destroys our biosphere.  Get out of our way or grow up Trump; we have some work to do!
Trudeau's budget would always not be inclusive of Old White Hetero Male  for reasons unknown Trudeau marginalizes Old White Hetero Male since his term began he never said a kind gentle word about Old White Hetero Male
Rick, you did raise the questions earlier in the summer and the Muni and STA came to an agreement that lessens the risk of BRBE encounters. I'm not sure why you insist on continuing your argument. We should all know the risks, and their consequences, and base our actions on them. Just because a trail is there, doesn't mean it should be ridden during salmon season or when a family of bears was just recently seen in the area, or ridden during moose calving. Its not black and white, a trail isn't always bad or always good. I don't ride Rovers Run during late July for obvious reasons. But, all other times of the year, Rovers Run is a perfectly safe trail.   I wouldn't speak for all mtbers as you did, but speaking for myself, I always carry bear spray, make noise, and I'm aware. Most of all, I take responsibility for my actions and their consequences. The greatest risk right now is head-on collisions with other bikers, which is why we need more trails!
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer snapped at a female reporter, (April Ryan of American Urban Radio), on Tuesday over a question about the administration's image, telling the veteran White House correspondent to "stop shaking your head" — a snide comment that drew rebuke from Hillary Clinton and several prominent women journalists. Source: NBC News.  Can somebody please tell WH press man Sean Spicer I'm shaking my head and rolling my eyes so he can tell me to stop shaking my head and rolling my eyes? LOL...
Is it too soon to note that these mass gun murderers are almost exclusively white males?  Same thing with the cops that are gunning down unarmed Americans at record rates.  Isn't it past time to call out the real source of terrorism in our society?
“National Archives tells White House to save all Trump tweets” -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  “Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, upon this continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal." -- Abraham Lincoln  “Yesterday, December 7, 1941 — a date which will live in infamy — the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.” Franklin D. Roosevelt  "Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country." -- John F. Kennedy   “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!” -- Donald J. Trump on Twitter  Yes, by all means preserve Trump’s tweets, so that future generation will see just how low he brought the dignity and discourse of the office.
The DP has posted at least eight separate stories about this incident, and I'm sure there are more to come.  Last month when a Muslim black man in Fresno shot and killed three random white men on the street because he hates white people, the DP posted a grand total of three stories - and one of those was actually a story about gunfire sensors used by the police.   I wonder why there's such a disparity in the amount of coverage.
Mr. Cachalia, with respect, I think you've missed the point of Fakie's piece. She didn't assert that Indians were beneficiaries of Apartheid. To the contrary, she asked for nuance. She said, "Let's Talk".  Your family's story, though thoroughly lamentable, isn't particularly unique or extreme. Life was hard for everyone who didn't have fair skin. But intra-racial nuance is of great moment since race is the lodestar of SA's economic policy.   For economic justice, one can't paint with a broad brush. This is why we currently give a bigger leg-up to females and disabled individuals.   This isn't about self-flagellation; it's about honesty and objectivity.  According to StatsSA (2010/11), 63.2% of Blacks and 37% of Coloureds fall below their national poverty benchmark. This is compared to 0.9% for Whites and 6.9% for Indians. As we speak, despite Indians being only 2% of the population, there are as many Indians (5) on key SOE, Eskom's Board/Exco as there are blacks.   Why can't we talk?
I stand corrected on Richards comment, however, that does not change that it is immaterial how many fathers are involved in their children's lives when so many are in single parent families. I was in a single parent family myself prior to joining the Navy in 1971. I was also an angry young white man. What I was referring to is that I think that when you add a lot of  statistics that have no real bearing on the issue, it just muddies the waters. While you may disagree, it is my opinion. How black youth respond to authority and the excessive crime among young black males does pertain, in my opinion. Police use excessive force against all races, not just black people. I cannot understand why it is only blacks that are so badly affected by police? It has been my experience that treating people as you would be treated works very well in almost all cases. It is called the golden rule. Another version, "approach determines response". How you approach someone determines their response.
We most certainly would not want to see so many empowered, important progressive cast in this wide net, so I recommend that the current narrative focus on white males and their culpability.
Add to the list the gov of Indiana, and I'm sure many so-called white, low income, high school grads looking for a better future for their children will be pound to for for Hillary.
I have a question or 6 for the left. What if all you were taught and told was wrong. What if capitalism worked What if those who sought asylum meant you harm. What if protecting your borders was right What if helping others kept them down What if self worth meant fighting the evil in your country meant picking up weapons and fighting for your country instead of running. What if immigration and subsequent immigrant birthrate wiped out your culture in 30 years. What if you had to make tough uncomfortable decisions to protect your family, couuntry and your culture. It is not racist to protect your family and your culture and language. When the French speak to protect theirs you call it self determination, when white English speaking try to protect theirs you call it racism. This issue is coming down to cultural survival. Get used to it because the lion has awoken and we are pissed and we are not taking crap from anyone anymore
White males were a privileged class since the inception of this country. That coincidence has led to an entitlement psychology wherein white males think that success is their entitlement and anyone outside their sphere (read that people of color, women, LGBTs etc.) are by default inferior. They can not fathom that such people can not only compete successfully with them they can surpass the achievements of otherwise 'entitled' whites. This was the reason why women and POC could not vote, and were discriminated against. Allowing these people to exercise equal rights they thought would diminish their own rights and prove there isn't anything particularly special about a white male. Obama was one of the nightmares - a successful African-American, H. Clinton will be another nightmare proving again that white males are not a special  people. Remember, at first it was WASP white males discriminating against Catholics in the same way they now discriminate against anyone not white and male.
nine were unarmed not 94 that's about 1% and who said those unarmed weren't going for the cops gun or attacking a cop. there were more white men killed by the police than blacks. sure there is abuse but considering the crime rate in America the cops are doing a good job.
@Roger Ingalls Interesting you will make an inference on low income white kids graduation rates, but wait until the data is presented for black and Latino students graduation rates ...
' …wrong, the courts have ruled that schools have discretion and can exercise that discretion.  Out in the street it's a different story.  Besides, this isn't about denying them their rights.  It's about recognizing the Confederate flag for it represents, ...what it was founded on.  It's about sending a message that symbols of slavery and white supremacy are inappropriate in a school.  (…just as they are inappropriate in the street.  You can wave yours in the street.  The courts have ruled you that you can do that.  But schools can make their own discretionary policies about what goes on within the bounds of their own property.  The highest court in the land affirmed that ruling.)
"President Donald Trump on Saturday blamed “many sides” for the violent clashes between protesters and white supremacists in Virginia and contended that the “hatred and bigotry” broadcast across the country had taken root long before his political ascendancy." Said the most divisive President ever in US History. As usual, he is passing the buck when things go wrong instead of accepting his share of responsibility. He only appears to take credit for successes, even when those successes are not his. Sad!
400+ is just the number of those arrested.  As I mentioned, usually only a small percentage of those involved in riots are arrested.  For example, thousands rioted in Ferguson after the Michael Brown incident, but only a few hundred were actually arrested.  So I think thousands is accurate.  Yes I realize this is a story about a white supremacist who killed people.  Of course I don't condone it.  Neither does Trump.  Nor does he endorse white supremacists.
It's a column, not a treatise.    I've been studying bias in one form or another for 40 years, I have no problem with Kristoff's kind words.   He accepts his own unconcious bias.   He say 'we' when talking about white bias.  He mentions bias amoung blacks toward white as well as a survey of blacks about the shortcomings of their own culture and it was certainly harsher than most comments drawn from a broad white survey.      He's giving us some pieces of truth, you should be asking why it is just so hard to accept for some people.    This artical was not a condemnation, it was a way forward from here.
SCHOOL BOARD RESOLUTION  By Order of the School Board the only acceptable criticism toward an identifiable group will only be Christians and white people of European heritage.
Are you saying homosexuals are like white supremacists?
No We just won’t let white people dress up as non-white people for Halloween Pretty straightforward actually
Oh, you're doing your part to perpetuate racism alright, in many of your assumptions alone---As am I, whether I like it or not.  It prevents us from finding common ground, using terms in a constructive conversation about race, and no doubt drawing useful conclusions from history---Which is exactly my point.  Having been exposed to racism repeatedly you are the subject as well as the object of racism, and seem to view the world in terms of racial distinctions, racial injustice, and "white supremacy."  Is there a part of this society you find yourself and your family part of, which you don't reject and condemn?
States the smelly White Supremacist typing away from his bunker, spending his Dividend, and untaxed on any drug money from his dealing.
No, of course they don't. I'm just suggesting you try to put yourself in someone else's shoes and try to understand why the people of Charlottesville choose to move the statue like they did.  Very few white people set out to be racists, most of us struggle to understand what the world looks like for people who aren't white straight Christians. If you start to look at things outside of your own lens a lot begins to make sense. Most racist happens out of ignorance, not out of intention.   All I'm suggesting you do is understand the reasoning behind moving the status in the first place.
We only need to look to the words of Confederate officials to determine the nature of the south: “Our Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition,”  CSA vice president Alexander Stephens.  In each of the eventual Confederate State’s declarations of secession, multiple references to slavery as an “entrenched and treasured Southern institution,” which was done to preserve, in the words of Texas’ Ordinance of Secession, “the servitude of the African to the white race,”.
many studies have proven that white people are the least racist people on earth.  they always have been.  and now with a hundred years of government brainwashing instilling politically correct ideas they are even less racist then ever.
<<Neither did Trump personally have to have to "agree" for white supremacy to assume a central role in his campaign.>>  With the appointment of Steve Bannon as “C.E.O.” of the Trump campaign, the campaign made its final, full and frank descent into the dark world of right-wing paranoia, racism, anti-Semitism, white supremacy, nationalism, mendacity, fascism, and -- of course -- fantastic, nutty conspiracy theories.   Bannon was largely silent during the campaign, but his appointment as C.E.O. was a way of guaranteeing Trump's racist base that they could count on him.
And Larry, how many times have you lied about events in your life? Or our you as white as the driven snow.
No, roughly half the nation did not vote for Trump. A little more than a quarter of registered voters is not half the nation. Math.  And, no, as I pointed out to you earlier, the white vote has leaned Republican. Trump got a percentage point below Romney of the white vote. It was the minority vote that put Obama over the top.  So both your assertions are bunk.
" strident disregard for an individuals basic rights " The Charter is more about group rights than individual rights. That is why the courts have interpreted the anti-discrimination sections to not include whites and/or males - they say it is ok to discriminate against an individual white male in order to redress historical grievances by groups, also known as affirmative action.
Just as with Trump's post-Charlottesville speeches (the 1st and the 3rd) he was sending a plain message to his white supremacist base - "I stand with you." Trump wants their votes in 2020, because he needed them in 2016, and he well knows it. With the pardon of Joe Arpaio Trump is reinforcing that message, that a "tough-on-crime" sheriff who scoffs at prohibitions on grossly unfair racial profiling, arresting people for no offense but their skin color, is OK with Trump, just as it is OK with all the admitted and closeted bigots in Maricopa County (Phoenix) and elsewhere where people think Hispanics aren't "real Americans".  Trump does this blatantly, in your face. For purely political purposes, Trump spits on our laws and Constitution. Plus, he's a draft-dodger and a tax-dodger. But a lot of people think he's just the greatest!
The United States has the largest prison population in the world. It's a colossal waste of time and resources to keep people behind bars. The same amount of resources spent in rehabilitation, education, and prevention would be much better spent. Now is the time to rethink laws and our approach to people who break them. A good sized portion of prison populations are for drug related crimes. Many countries treat drug problems as ones that need counseling and rehabilitation rather than criminal charges. If add to that the fact that non-white people are more likely to go to prison than white people for committing similar crimes, then the injustice in the way our prison system is currently organized becomes readily apparent.
agree.  Most Hawaiians I know or have met are more white and/or Asian than Hawaiian.  Nothing wrong with that.  Race mixing is part of our history.
Seems like Anthony gave the district a chance to step up, to suggest a corrective action plan, and they didn't. Even though they have known about these disparities for too long. I'm concerned that Anthony's not talking about ALL disadvantaged kids, only black and Latino students. Not a mention of natives or Asians. (And low income white kids at the disadvantage schools are missing out too.)   Seems like PPS addresses disparities by having  staff go on retreats and talk to each other, paying Contractor/Facilitators big bucks they could be using to increase electives.
To paraphrase the joke about 2 men and a bear chasing them, the Democrats only have to be more humane than Republicans to survive the experience, and look more humane. That is a very low bar to get over. Why don't you wonder why you, Klansmen, and neo-nazis support the GOP and Trump? The GOP is the preferred party of white supremacists. Just ask the white racists. Do you even wonder what you have in common with them? BTW, I freely admit that the Democrats are just the lesser of 2 evils. At least they don't don't want class determined by race and gender. That is more than I can say about the GOP.
Fascism is the politics of identity: either you are part of the favoured group or you are not. We usually think of Aryan white supremacist but they hardly exist any more. It is the left wing, hyper aggressive politically correct mob who are now the Brown Shirts who use violence to make their point and to enforce their views on others.
There are no old-timers with European genetics in Alaska all of you white people are immigrants!  The natives are the old-timers European immigrants as a matter fact let me see your papers we might have to deport you European immigrants!!
Empathy is clearly lacking in the world today.  A thought:  Those of us who are NOT white have not changed our views.
Ms. Hardy should think of inviting the PM to her class.  He cannot stand white privilege.
I heard the man was looking for a white supremacy training camp that Amy Demboski was running out of the basement there. It's true. Prove me wrong.
Every white person who doesn't like my opinions accuses me of drinking and that's mighty white of you and the others who do as well. Now tell me to respect you….LOL.
Because you’ve been in power for too long. And with said power, you have done nothing to make life better for non-whites. You’ve killed us, enslaved us, imprisoned us, invaded us.  Time for a change.
My view is that racism is dealt with equitably there will be no progress on these types of incidences. I and many of my peers feel, not without justification, that incidences of white racism receive far more attention and sanction than incidences of black racism. I, personally will treat the type of incident highlighted her as no more than a storm in a thimble until I see more attention and sanction applied to black racism.
You are. You go off on a hostile tangent about white people and a ream of Critical Race Theory horse pucky over a case involving a Latino cop. You have such a case of racial hostile attribution bias toward whites - especially white cops apparently - that you made a knee-jerk reaction and unloaded in here as if you were given too much Senna.  Belching narratives and parroting Critical Race Theorists doesn't validate a single silly thing you're saying. As a former radical Leftist I already know your ENTIRE argument is based on correlation/causation fallacy.   Sad you display the very racism you claim to fight against.
No need to defend Avuu. We have more in common than not. "good ole white guy" really has nothing to do with white Natives.
Of course, Dottie.  Throw in the race card.  Don't mention that an Asian fraternity had a tragic hazing incident lately.  Its all about the evil white american male.
I salute your candor, and your willingness to listen to the more reasonable partisans (there were some, including in my own suburban town) of the demagogue. It is too easy to stereotype and paint with a broad brush. Some of us are appalled by this person who will be in the 2017 White House, yet are uncomfortable to an extreme with "identity politics". My faith teaches me we are called to lift up everyone, and that politics should not be a zero sum game. It should not be necessary or desirable to label people as "marginalized" unless you are willing to include that unemployed white person in a hardscrabble Rust Belt town with a ruined downtown and a dead nephew from addiction to drugs. They are as much "marginalized" (and I'd say more so) than a gay or lesbian couple in a warm, safe suburban home with two incomes, or a black physician or professor in a brand new condo.   Let us support lifting up all, with policies that respect all, and not be atomized into groups with axes to grind.
Since the Reagan Revolution, Republicans have been promising to reduce the size of government and balance the budget. When they get elected, they do just the opposite, they increase the size of government, increase spending, and run up the deficit.  White working class voters have finally figured out they were being conned all these years, and are turning to Trump, out of frustration.
"They" (the Islamic Republic of Iran) "hire despicable, cowardly radical elements to do the dirty work for them...".  Right--they armed and financed the Taliban, al-Qa'eda and the Da'esh (ISIS)...oh wait, that was your good Christian AMERICAN leaders did that, not Iran. My bad.  Double-standards are the root of all evil. It works like this:  Nidal Hassan murdered 12 soldiers--TERRORIST! Robert Bales murdered 21 Afghani civilians in their beds, including two year-olds--PTSD victim.  John Allen Muhammad--murdered 10 people along the DC beltway--MASS MURDERER! Dylan Storm Roof--murdered 9 people in a bible-study class--troubled youth.  Dzhokhar & Tamerlan Tsarnaev--murdered 3 people during the Boston Marathon--TERRORIST! Alexandre Bissonnette--murdered 6 people in a mosque as they prayed--mentally ill.  No wonder Mark Twain's deceased protagonist in "Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven" found so few white folks there. Hypocrisy is the second-greatest spiritual sin.
No, I think the black community should take a hard look at how they are hurting themselves.  There is no common sense in your reply to me.  You're all over the place and unfocused. Everything you touched on,  in the way of self-destructive behaviors on the part of ANYBODY,  ARE ALL CHOICES. Making poor choices is not oppression.  You still missed my main point : Not completing  public education = no job=poverty  There's nothing racist about electing to hurt one's own future by choosing to drop out of school. That's the foundation of the problems blacks face today.   If they get good grades, get a good job/ career, and succeed, they're accused by their own peers of selling out and " going white "
What you share is very poignant.  The difficulty with reason is that this venue of information is not black and white.  If the article revealed the claimant a Russian spy, then Painter's quote would be material.  If the article revealed that Trump Jr intended to or did collaborate with a Russian influenced by the Kremlin, even if not a spy, then Painter's quote is material.  The lack of substantive comment over the article says that the journalist should have waited for more info before writing an article.
Of course. One of the main concerns of the White American Right is to keep everyone else -- women, gays, blacks, latins -- subservient to them. They are upset that women, for example, see themselves as equal to men. They know that Trump, the pu$$y grabber, is on their side.
Snowflake-in-Chief Twitler was extra-triggered on Twitter this morning,   ...maybe because his angry white boy base is pissed off about the DACA thing.
Trump's White Supremacist DNA On Display Again . Who could have predicted that an unhinged attack on professional athletes would be Donald Trump's final unmasking as a full-on racist?  After everything that he has done and said -- not merely since he announced his candidacy in 2015 but throughout his life -- Trump finally found a way to remove the last shreds of doubt about his bigotry. . This is a good occasion to revisit a point that I made during last year's election campaign, which is that Trump's supposed devotion to America and our values becomes inoperative when he has a chance to be a white supremacist.  When he has a choice, Trump goes with the racist approach, not the American one. . http://www.dorfonlaw.org/2017/09/trumps-white-supremacist-dna-on-display.html
What concerns me about Mbalula's claim regarding white minority capital being alive and well is that it is the same call that is being made by Zuma defenders where its purpose seems to be to distract  us from issues and also used to vilify enemies. The purpose does not seem to be about creating a more equal and non-racialised society because if that was the case it could be stated in a less polarising  way underpinned by policies for the achievement thereof.  Mbalula's piece just show's he's another Zuma acolyte bleating the same empty refrain as the looting of our country continues.
"Casper the Ghost," you're very confused.  What in the world does that photo of a Trump-supporting veteran of the US Army have to do with "white supremacy?"  What in that photo suggests that that vet is a white supremacist?  Please explain.
Unless you're a racist, in which case you might think that white privilege means that no one with darker skin than yours has ever been mean to you.
rangerMC, american thinker? you sound like you believe it is unbiased. 'some spiritually enlightened micro-meddler', sounds like it might be mike pence and jerry falwell's kid. the point is that the democrats and the republicans have the same handlers, one step up from them, and it's the same small group of rich, white, christian males that run everything else. they have convinced you, and apparently 62M other americans, that if you believe it, it's true. sad.
Uh... you said "white noise". That COULD be micro-aggression against white lesbians or transvestites. If you were on a college campus you could be subjected to a re-education class on diversity.
The only racism in Canada is against white people. Be careful lefties white people are waking up and getting tired of your racism against us
Really? One group? Ever heard of a group called "Nazis"? They've got quite a rep for being anti-Semitic. Plenty of red-blooded American white boys don't like dem Jews much neither!  In fact, anti-Jewish hate crimes still lead the pack in North America and they're not generally perpetrated by Muslims.  The primary target of Islamists is Western culture led by the US.
Don't worry.  If the biker doesn't die she might get six months, reduced for time served.  If he does, eight months to a year.  Caveat--unless she's not white.  Then it's Git'mo forever.
The angry white men mentality is neither constructive or smart.. I would hope with experience from our long time Sequim residence, there would be some solutions instead of the on going un-welcome remarks on how the liberal agenda has obviously ruin their lives.. get a grip and chill out.
Donald Trump supporters primarily come from the white majority that benefited from the FDR/Truman welfare programs from the 1940's and 1950's. They condemn dependence on the government yet approve of military service, the GI Bill, VA and HFA home loans, etc. These programs involve honest labour and a sense that they were earned through work.  By contrast, other welfare programs ushered in by the Kennedy/Johnson administrations were seen to benefit people who did not work for them and did not hold up their end of the societal bargain. This is why you see a lot of angry and bitter comments from Trump supporters of lazy welfare recipients.  His supporters are happy to see Obamacare be repealed. Why should they pay for people who don't work? Ironically this is why white Americans would soon be a minority. Statistics show white Americans are dying faster than are being born in 17 states. They die in middle-age of drug overdoses, alcoholism, and suicides.
Racial slurs painted on a boat; boat set ablaze: yes, this might be a hate crime.  You should do some volunteer work and take your mind off how tough middle aged white males have it today.
You see this is the same type enviromental Two Step the Good people in Puerto Rico face .. FEMA says it's alright to drink from TOXIC WATER then in a little while they will say . " Golly Gee Whizz we were wrong it's not safe , not safe at all " while our Idiot in Chief brags about the response to Island commonwealths of the USA . It's National Apartheid from a Racist White House and given a rubber stamp of approval from a quiet racist GOP in Washington . There is no way the heavy metals from this Mine spill have filtered out of the environment it's all smoke and mirrors . These metals have leached into the ground and now are part of the Growing cycle along the entire stretch of the fallout from this disastrous spill . One these TOXIC MANMADE CHEMICALs are released into the environment by either Human error and or Nature's wrath they spread out and sink into the soil via water dispersion , where they then are consumed by plants and then local wildlife and so forth and so on. Never Safe
What does this have anything to do with topic at hand , but i have a feeling I know where you bend.   East, or is it to the Beast? White boy misogynists?  Ya, I see there wives running around in potato sacks, and the 3 year old boy bossing the mama cause dada out marrying a 2nd, third, or is it 4th?
I am not white. Not a male. Do not come from an English-speaking family but nontheless I am enjoying a very comfortable life because this nation is so welcoming and free.  You are not privileged. It is this country that is great
"First and foremost, don't pick a method where the means overshadows and creates more backlash against you than any good you many be trying to accomplish. That's the overriding prerequisite right there, because when you do what they chose to do, they're going backwards."  The same refrain white America has been using about black protesters since the start of the Civil rights movement. Attempting to go to white schools? Refusing to give up your seat to a white person? Attempting to sit in the white section at the Woolworth's lunch counter? Protest segregated drinking fountains? March for equality from Selma to Montgomery? MLK?? On and on, the white America that refrained from violence still scolded blacks for their means and methods of protests. They were only making things worse, they said. Nothing knew under the sun.   In the eyes of many, mostly conservative white Americans, there never has been nor will there ever be a right time or method for black protest.
You sound like you could be a self-hating white man to me.  I hope not. You also seem to understand white racism a lot more than the average non-racist.  Why would that be?
The biggest takers of welfare and and free stuff are poor white folks. Not Natives.
As a first generation Canadian born, white male of central European ancestry I believe there's a balance to be struck here.  We could all certainly learn something about the cultures of our latest newcomers through literature however, if **they** really want to be Canadian (something that we as a people are ourselves admittedly somewhat confused about the meaning of), then it is incumbent upon us to teach the literature of our own country as well, or perhaps more broadly that of North America.  To wit:  I agree with other posters that Shakespeare teaches us a lot about the human condition.  The oft-mentioned To Kill a Mockingbird is to this day one of my favourite books - I have grown to appreciate its many-sided significance more and more.  Let's be careful to not tip the scales too far the other way in the name of diversity and compromise what little culture we have even more.
Rich upper middle class of any race have more privilege than lower income of any race. So talk about privilege, knowing the right people, having the right education, having enough money, being of the right religion, being part of any majority gives greater privilege than being part of any minority.    The Ontario curriculum does cover the subject of privilege for students in grades 9 to 12 (relating not just to race, but also socioeconomic status, gender and religion among other things) but does not specifically identify "white privilege."
Pride was about building something. BLM is destroying  something. The two are irreconcilable but Kirsten Wong Tam has taken a side and it is not that of the white gay men of Toronto who started Gay Pride in 1981
AM radio is dead; death by general obsolescence or being killed off by conglomerates. Look at the destruction of KGO in San Francisco, one of the best of the last, now destroyed by Cumulus Media.  The only viable AM format remaining is "Angry White Guy" radio (see KPNW) and it is rapidly moving to life support as the mostly elderly audience dies off.
Any student of American history understands the growth of institutionalized racism which developed in the post-radical Reconstruction Era South.....and understands that radical Reconstruction, which severely punished and alienated the people of the South, helped lead to the racist Southern Democratic Party movement.  As a life-long Democrat I understand and acknowledge the past "sins" of the Party.  I also understand the Party's "break" with its racist past.  I understand the "Dixiecrats", the American Indepedent Party of George Wallace, the Civils Rights and Voting Rights signed by LBJ and the migration of the sourthern racist base to the GOP.  So let's not waste time focusing on the past.  Let's understand and learn from it.  But, let's concentrate on addressing the widespread and, unfortunately, growing menace of today's white supremacy/white nationalist movements...Breaking News!!  Those folks are NOT Democrats.  Gary Crum
If "history matters," why did you drag Trump and "Trump's America" into a discussion of an event that happened five years before he was born? More like, "reactionary white nationalism matters."
I'm not sure you understand tolerance.  You admit you're an immigrant, expressed your view that immigrants shouldn't impose their values, and now you're being a total hypocrite by lecturing someone born in Canada about what tolerance should mean to them.  You need to pick a side of the argument to be on.  If you think immigrants shouldn't impose their values, then stop doing it.  As for me, I'd be happy if you just stopped thinking that people who aren't white are immigrants.
I never claimed you were black. That is a. Old saying that has nothing to do with race. I did confuse you with another person who also bangs the "white racist America" drum. My apologies
The two things are very different.  Culture is a set of values that came to pass that promotes thought and progress.  Better words would be western liberal values.   Many other cultures in the world due to circumstance and history and maybe some bad luck are not likely to progress either scientifically or economically.  Go look at Diamonds book  Guns, germs and Steel.  Its not a genetic thing.  These guys however are reacting more to white bashing than anything else.
It'll take a generation for the Democrats to work themselves out of this.  And just when you'd think they'd shut up, put their tail between their legs and go off to think about it, Bernie's campaign spokesperson pops off and says "we don't need no white people leading the DNC."  I, personally, don't call that healing. D's have a long way to go.  And as Paul says, they've done it to themselves.
The vast majority of Muslims are not terrorists but support for terrorism and terrorist organizations in the Muslim community ranges from lows of 5% to highs of 75% in some countries.  Also just a reminder that Muslim men form about 1% of the American population and maybe 3% of the population in the European Union. They are committing like 90% of the mass casualty terror events.  White European Christian or secular men form almost 45% of the population in the EU.
Small world, I also went Clemson to view the eclipse.  Having grown up in the segregated South, I'll remark on: "Given the slave labor needed for intensive cotton cultivation the historian Robert Fogel makes the point that no free men would work as hard or long as slaves, threatened with the lash, did."  So what did King Cotton do before machines eliminated chopping and picking under a brutal sun? That's easy. The Democrats, beholden to planters, made sure that the schools were so poor and the job opportunities so lacking that poor blacks and whites had no choice but to pick or starve.  That's today except our Democrats keep them on welfare for their votes. That's why they're terrified by a Trump who's stolen away poor working whites and might do the same for blacks—hence their "racist" screams and efforts to distract attention from jobs to statues. The "evil party" remains as evil as ever.  --Michael W. Perry, co-author of Lily's Ride (Tourgee's A Fool's Errand for modern readers)
This was billed as a women's march.  It was apparently about women's issues - one of which appears to be opposing Trump as a President and as a person.  And it may also have been about a woman losing the election.  Someday, those, who are so aroused right now, are going to figure out these things about this past election:  Donald Trump won, in spite of his sizable personal faults, not because of them. Demonstrating about those is fruitless. Hillary Clinton lost, not because she was a woman, but because she was a candidate otherwise so terrible that many women would not vote for her. "Women's issues" as defined by the far left are not selling well with white women or white men - or, very likely, with many in minority communities - were it not for their habitual group alignment with the left over their minority identity.  Planned Parenthood will now lose its funding. That funding will go instead to clinics that actually render women's health services - other than abortion.
If you or your family are so concerned of being killed from a broken tail light I strongly recommend to do a 360 walk around often of your vehicle to ensure it is up to the standards according to the law. If you cannot do this and are still afraid take a taxi I guess....ask for one with a White driver......
The attack on (white) men and boys continues. But I am grateful for articles like this. When I hear the cliche "Feminism/Social justice isn't about hating men. It's about, like, oppression, or some stuff like that",  I can point to articles like this, with a proud, smug, "here's the receipts, darling. Thanks for playing. Try again next time with less toxic femininity" :)
The percentage of segregation has hardly changed since the 70s.  If anything, big cities are more segregated now due to white flight from places like Baltimore, Chicago, and Detroit.  Up though the 1960s, Southern Republicans used to dilute black areas with white voters such that blacks didn't have enough votes to elect a black congressperson.  But as blacks started moving back to the South, Southern Democrats and Southern Republicans struck a deal: Blacks would get their black majority congressional districts in exchange for whites getting their white majority districts.  The AP is painting gerrymandering as something only "evil Republicans" do, but in actuality both parties do it, and the Democrats dominated the gerrymandering process from 1880 to 1980. Take a look at Chicago 4th: It was created to pack two majority Hispanic parts of Chicago into one district, thereby creating a majority Hispanic district.  It's called "earmuffs" for a reason.
The sooner, the better. Even his own party has turned on Trump, and it's just a matter of time. His few supporters that are still around are white nationalists, Vladimir Putin, and a small portion of the uneducated voters who supported him in the first place.
"The lesson of the day was white privilege, the idea that white people enjoy unearned advantages due to their race. " "enjoy" being the key word. the kids are being taught that not only that white people had more advantages in a white society (duh) but also that the same privilege exists to the same extent today. what a crock. her response on how to deal with historical bias of people favoring their own race is to make the white kids wear hairshirts and beg forgiveness to the children of colour who come from societies far more racist and sexist.  I find that most like her have never travelled abroad. One trip to India, Asia, or Africa usually tones them down or shuts them up.
Mike, the Supreme Court has ruled that hate speech is not protected speech. The march itself may have been legal (there is some discussion as to whether they had permission to march at UVA or not...) but the display of swastikas coupled with the slogans they were chanting are not protected. The police could have broken it up, but that, of course, would only have played into their hands...plus it was white men with torches, not black men. What do you think would have happened if 150 black men showed up with torches spouting hate speech?
Yes, here is the real danger for the US, a core of 15-20% of the population, and maybe even +30% of white males, is circling the wagons, becoming more extreme, more angry, and more difficult to have a discussion with. These people believe a very different narrative and they will only abandon Mr. Trump for someone more extreme.
Just like the word "racism" being used to the point of meaninglessness by the left so too are the new chorus of "white supremacy" and "kkk" accusations. This is the new buzzword since the Russia hoax died a slow and painful death. Don't let reality get in the way of your "resistance".
Despite what some white Americans want to believe -- the U.S.'s biggest strength has always been its diversity.  We take the best from other societies and make it our own  -- tacos, the blues, Chinese food, etc.
I think we should side with Mexico for now, and get used to living like this for four years or less, whatever time  it takes for responsible Americans to boot Trump and his nepotistic enablers out of the White House.  We'd have a logistical issue with trade, and for sure our GDP would suffer, but I'd put up with that to avoid the disgrace and embarrassment of having my country play a part in this charade. We should preserve our dignity and self-respect.  The world should stand up to Trump and pre-emptively close the borders. Create a global embargo and basically go on strike against America. Tell America that we like them as individuals, but we don't work for Trump and never will!
I totally agree with the irony impaired son of President Trump.  It's outrageous that anyone should try and hold a US President to account. Let alone that his family, elevated to positions of power beyond their competence, should likewise be held to account.  And I further agree that any and all critical remarks are NOTHING to do with the group of narcissistic incompetents installed at the White House, selling billions in arms to terrorist state Saudi Arabia OR taking health care from millions.  No, it's all an attack on wee 11 year old son of President Trump and the exemplar of white women's Christian purity, the daughter/wife of President Trump.  SHAME on the inhuman NOT humans.  Burn them, they're witches*! (*Actual witch burning to be organized by a competent Trumpian, when and if one is found.)
...when men were men and women knew their place? Yes, that is where Trump wants to take the country, when no woman or minority dared object to any act by a white male.  And robber barons like he and his friends had unlimited power.
The cardinal has now made sure he will be detained at the point of entry should he ever dare to legally enter the US.  Sorry for the cynicism, but this thought is the first popping up in my mind after reading the headline and first paragraph of this article.  Wish we had such courageous and outspoken cardinals on these shores.  There is a guy in San Diego who qualifies, but has no red hat (yet).   We need to hear the voices from the Periphery, especially in this time of white supremacists ruling in DC and wrecking the Republic by doing everything in their nefarious power to make America Grate Again and the Periphery perish.
So what, if this drums up business for Canada, bring it on. The lily white righteousness of the critics, those  who'd  criticize him if he wasn't doing it, is funny. Sure, our boy is full of holes, but let's lighten up, it's Xmas, don't you know.
Trump's base is shrinking down to the racists. When his is opposed by his CEO council and the Joint Chiefs of Staff (both mostly white males), he may not have much support elsewhere.
China is not my enemy.   Not sure what they have personally done to you to deserve that title.    What is naïve is making a world black and white by creating enemies where none need exist.   We need to stop China from purchasing all our property which is what they are currently engaged in.....we need to stop foreign ownership period.   But not make uncecesary enemies.
"I'm not sure what collecting that will entail and prove?"   Your words ironically spell it out.  "east side officers are going to have black stops, the west side Hispanic, the south west -  white."  "Aurora is the same way, so is Thornton......"   Segregated neighborhoods. We have issues.
Never you mind that Socialists have murdered tens of millions, the only time it's worthwhile pointing out radical politics is if the person is white. Socialists of all stripes get a pass, especially swarthy ones.
Let me guess, you're a white man. So OF COURSE it's not an issue for YOU. I've been working in IT for over 40 years as a woman. I can tell you for a fact that you're wrong.
BLM should take on its own racial community for all the denial and hatred directed towards LGBT community.  I well remember the complete lack of acknowledgment and support from the black "community" during the AIDS crisis in the 80's.  Why should care about their issues when they never cared about ours?  Why should I care about AIDS in Africa when they didn't care about AIDS in America?   They have plenty of work to do among their own before disrupting all the great work done by (overwhelmingly white) gay and lesbians in the society at large.   Heal thyself!
Right. white males in droves are being denied entrance to schools, jobs, and social equality - the Steve Bannon school of racism theory. They have been denied so much for so long. A real tearjerker bringing MLK into the mix. He would be so impressed with the current composition of our schools, government ad prisons today in America. Ms. Harron did provide a service here by exposing those with alternate realities.
Harvey Blank - Little surprised you could post with that chip on your shoulder.  Unless you have a link t cabinet ministers travelling about calling white people racist?  You may recall T&R was reluctantly started under the previous government.   This government may actually be serious about it.
It is clear that Trump needs to take a stronger position against these white supremacists groups.  Trump's statement, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides” is weak.  On many sides?  What doees 'on many sides' mean?  It essentially condones what these white hate group stand for.
And this, boys and girls, is a prime example of "deflection".  I'm 62. Dunno about Chicago and DC, but I've lived in overwhelmingly black neighborhoods in Oakland (85th in Fruitvale, neighborhood of the REAL Black Panther Party), black and "His-Panic" neighborhoods in south-central and east Los Angeles (Florence and Hoover, Baldwin Hills etc.) and southeast San Diego, overwhelmingly black communities in the Mississippi delta (Indianola, Glen Allen) and Kansas City, MO (58th & Brooklyn).  Got in a coupla scrapes when I was younger.  No big deal.  Is life more difficult and dangerous in poor neighborhoods?  I can testify from lifelong experience that it is.  Are they seething hotbeds of "git whitey"--style hatred?  Nah.  But I know better than to stop for food or gas in Sedalia, MO or Harrison, AR.  Therefore I tend to dismiss your hysteria about all these neighborhoods full of "scary black and brown people."  That's just how white supremacists rationalize their fear and hatred.
The Penny Sparrow and 'Steer' incidents surely do not warrant mention here. Looking for 'the other side' looks pathetic when these old worn out examples of White racism are quoted in the context of racist South Africa. These were "big issues" only because the media, Bell-Pottinger-like, made them such, while the murderous anti-White racism that accompanied the Knysna fires and the Cape storm are given little if  Press commentary.
We had a terrorist even right here in Colorado last night and no one is mentioning it here.  An older white man walks into a Walmart and open fire killing three people I call that terrorism.   Why is there no discussion in this op-ed about him?
Maybe they should learn to read instead of write.   "Racism is evil.  And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.     We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal.  We are equal in the eyes of our Creator.  We are equal under the law.  And we are equal under our Constitution.  Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America." Trump https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/08/14/statement-president-trump
"...more non-empathetic white guys from the Valley??"  reherring:= uninformed race-baiting  ...the best kind for a good laugh.
so out of all of this death, you're unhappy about what a killer is called?  How about the fact that people of color will always be labeled 'terrorists' and white murderers are referred to as 'gunman' or killer.    Just curious Jimmy
Thanks Ms. Moultry for  voicing your concerns and letting us know what you think and what you feel.  Certainly your voice as a black woman does matter, and I as a fellow human being should listen!   And I have.   Yes, I'm white, and so I say this to others who often respond to my concerns about racism in the U.S.  by saying I "have white guilt"  -  that retort is just another way to disregard the real issues, concerns and true voices of people  hurt by racism in our country.   If we are truly compassionate humans we should always  listen when someone makes themselves  vulnerable.  In this case Ms.  Moultry has and for that and all  she wrote  she has my deepest respect.
McCain won 55% of the white vote; Romney won 59% of the white vote. Trump won 58% of the white vote.  So no.
It seems to me that our institutions are bending over backwards to accommodate aggrieved minorities, and in doing so, subsidizing the grievance industry.  If you truly believe the police and the state are out to get you because you're not white, you're beyond reason and way out in demogogue territory.
So you claim and yet-- "Since our friend Charles Dalton insists that we live in a society committed to “white privilege”; shouldn’t these honkies be lounging by their pools waiting for domestic servants of color to refill their drinks? Where are their chauffeurs? Why haven’t the maids washed their clothes? Reality is much more confusing than infantile college town rants!" DougN
Proof? You go to any non-right wing site and you'll find it. David Duke has thanked little hands for making it ok for him to run for office again. So have white supremacists.  Why do you think that is?
Happy Fourth Birthday  Black Lives Matter was created as a hashtag on July 13, 2013, and then became a global movement.  George Zimmerman was acquitted of the killing of Trayvon Martin on July 13, 2013. It was then that Black Lives Matter first became a hashtag—which lead to the creation of a network co-founded by Alicia Garza, Patrisse Khan-Cullors and Opal Tometi that since has expanded into a global movement dedicated to the liberation of all black people. Four years after its inception, the network is examining its progress and looking toward the future.  Under Donald Trump racial injustice is poised to get worse and black people are under attack in every way by conservatives and Trump sycophants for vocally asserting their right to live in a world free of white supremacy.   Black Lives Matter is an important player in helping people to build power, organize and work for change.
Here we go again with the myth of "cultural appropriation". In reality it's called cultural exchange and it's an unstoppable force that's been going on as long as humans have been in existence. If it was a real problem as you suggest then people o' colour would basically have to give up a hell of a lot of things they'd appropriated from white folks, including all of modern technology.
Johann, I doubt if white racists are a group worried over their public image. But the simple fact is, they must be quite dismay how Roof's action has cost them so much. My initial comments states that Roof must be one of the most unpopular human beings in the South due to his actions. Most people abhor his action. Even the white racists who may initially looked on with approval, now must be utterly dismay by the backlash. When I was working for DOC Alaska, it always the inmate that bring the heat, who get hated by all other inmates. Roof's action, however it may have been seen by many white racists, is now hated by them all. That is of course, my opinion but it sounds logical that Roof's action brought about total censure of the Confederate flag.....something that no one, no law, no leader, no nothing could have done before in the previous 150 years. Now the only place that flag is now allowed lies in the history books, historical games and historical movies.
Of course wars of conquest and plunder, to obtain other people's riches, including slaves, were par for the course everywhere. The notion they are immoral is a recent western invention. BTW, those slaves used to be white, and the masters Muslims, at some point in history:  http://www.unz.com/pfrost/from-slavs-to-slaves/  The relation with racism is the other way around. When people become enslaved because they cannot defend themselves, the masters start to think of them as naturally made to be slaves.  But it is as a result of the French and American revolutions that the latter countries started to think of themselves as having a duty to spread democracy and human rights elsewhere, that is a fact. Of course that then got exploited and distorted, etc.., but to deny that many people genuinely believed they were doing good is going too far.
<<Mr Chait is, not unexpectedly, wrong again.>>   WARDOG00 is, not unexpectedly, wrong again.  At no point during the campaign did Gore complain of a rigged election.  Gore challenged an incredibly close vote in a critical state, and if Trump intends merely to assert his right to do the same thing if the same situation arises, no one would have a problem with that.  Ultimately, Gore accepted a court decision with which he did not agree; he respected the rule of law.  Trump has once again today expressed his utter contempt for the people and the Constitution of the United States: he solemnly asserted that he will accept the outcome of the election (dramatic pause) -- if he wins.  Trump is the puppet not of Putin, or at least not just of Putin, but of Steve Bannon, the white supremacist and anti-Semite who is the CEO of his campaign. They are laying the groundwork for the neo-fascist media effort they will launch when this awful campaign is finally ended. Deplorable? Despicable.
What is white privelage. I put in more hours in a week than these NFL players put in a month. Is that my privelage for being white. I also do it for a small percentage of what some NFL player makes for one game. That must then be white privelage. Doesn't sound like much of a privelage. I workevery day all day for years to pay for my white kids to go to a college when there of age, then see Daca students and affirmative action students get it for free. Is that white Privelage?  I've paid taxes that never go down to a useless government that never satisfies. Is this white privelage? I worked every crappy job as a teen and young adult and worked my way up to where I can now live quite comfortably owning my own business which is considered the lower end of the 1%er scale. This 1% that everyone thinks should prop up everyone else through higher taxes. Assumed every ounce of risk to do so but get zero help when there are losses. Is that white privelage as well.
I didn't personally attack anyone. I am willing to engage with anyone as long as I am not being attacked. Control yourself or I will not continue speaking with you.  I think you know as well as I do that the people lighting off fireworks were poor or working class people often non-whites. I think this is a law pushed by older white people with dogs who are allowed to vote.
Bill: I will certainly agree that hate from either or both sides only makes matters worse.  I think it's important to remember that white supremacy/white nationalism is premised on racism..which I consider hateful.  Let's also remember the counterr-demonstrations were specifically addressing the event sponsored by white supremacists.  Of course, no one could have possibly been so clueless as to march with the white supremacists w/o knowing just who they were supporting.    That said, I remain devoted to non-violence and strongly hope the counter-demonstrators to these events are willing/able to demonstrate peaceably.  I have that hope for tonight's event in Phoenix.  Gary Crum
Trump has a long history of racism and prejudice. His populist rhetoric only emboldens the KKK, white supremacists and others who want a "white" America.  He lies, never admits he made a mistake and will be remembered as the most divisive president in history.  You can be sure he is not Lincoln!
Trump, addressing religious leaders in a signing ceremony at the White House, said: “We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied or silenced any more”. “No one should be censoring sermons or targeting pastors,” he said. ************* 'Merkans gonna be thrilled when hostile religions - like Westboro Baptist Church (the gawd hates X "Christians") and yes, likely some radical imams as well, go to town on this. Nothing Ever Thought Out @ Trump White House  Or is the American State under Trump going to begin to pick and choose what religions it will support?  That will go well with the number of religions who will be picking and choosing what political party to support.  Who woulda thought a 3 times married &  never previously showed a minute's interest in religion putz like Trump -- would bring on The Handmaid's Tale.
Can you wake up soon, please? It's the Chump who's cheerleading the hate by supporting the white supremacists. So noble of you for declaring your hate for hate groups, EXCEPT for your tacit approval of the top HATE Chump.  By the way, do not confuse not liking the Chump and hate. Hate is what he and a large number of his supporters espouse - like killing Jews, Blacks, etc. That's not what the Chump opponents are espousing.
I hate hate groups rather they are for black or white supremacy. That said people have a right to free speech. Just because someone says something that offends you does not make it hate speech. The best thing to do with hate groups is ignore them don't give them the attention they so desire.
Interesting insights.  Thanks for this.  Something else is interesting.  I'm just the 2nd commenter on this, and it's already the afternoon of it's publication in Eastern Canada. Timing, as they say, is everything: published on the same day as Conservatives Say Trudeau's Rolling Stone Cover Jeopardizes NAFTA Talks (at this moment, 405 comments.)    Says something else, too.  Please take note, all "Mainstream" and G&M bashers, who insist that the newspaper--and maybe Canadians--care more about Trump/White House stories than Canadian stories.  See numbers, above.  T'aint true. Given the right Canadian story...who cares about Whitehouse Stories?
The author creates a straw man in order to criticize Andrew Scheer and the Conservative Party of Canada. The alt-right (defined most accurately as white supremacists) are virtually non-existent in Canada.  Can anyone point to a white supremacist rally, let alone a march, in Canada in the past several decades?  And if you can identify such an incident, how many people were in attendance and committed to the white supremacist cause?
They're trying get payouts in Canada like they do in America. Whites owe them nothing and the sooner you push back the quicker they understand. That's why I'm completely against their immigration to Canada.
No worries, presently "white people" in the world represent 17% of the worlds population by 2067 it is estimated it will be less then 8%. This group is on its way to extinction; extremely low birth rate, high degree of inter racial mixing and the off spring usually identifies with the non white parent (Example Obama's mother was white and his father was Black Kenyan) his father left and he was raised by his white mother and his white grandparents but he still identified as being black.
An awful lot of "good fathers" are in jail doing time for transgressions that are routinely considered "youthful hijinks" when they're committed by young white men.  You're still bashing Great Society programs from 50 years ago. Ever heard of the War on Drugs, or any thoughts that maybe it isn't being waged consistently across racial/housing lines? Every single one of those black men you listed, even though they are all at the very pinnacle of their respective fields, don't have the same freedom of movement that I have-not because of anything they've said or done, but because of the color of their skin. Search-and-seizure laws are not applied fairly, and prosecutors and judges routinely deliver decisions with racial disparity. You don't have to be a maven of alternative media to learn this stuff. You only need to pay attention, and consider other people's realities.
Well the only thing I can say is luckily the ANC is black. If it was a white organization the members would have been killed a long time ago. Another thing, the ANC steals much more from the blacks than the whites ever did. So you know, you get what you vote for.
Hate crimes in Canada are like pornography : you can't define it but you know it when you see it.  A hate crime is anything a person of a  protected minority group objects to (no matter how trivial)  but which no straight white person, especially if they are male. may mention (no matter how serious)
No - poor kids didn't benefit from that money - actually bicycle riders benefitted from a lot or most of projects you note. Again, the issue is priorities, not rhetoric, in Portland. That $2 million should have gone to make streets and crossings in low income areas safer - NOT to more bikey crap for entitled white hipsters. At least be honest about your priorities Portland - it sure ain't poor kids.
European countries don't have an enviable track record, it's true.  But we are by no means alone.  Hutu on Tutsi, Japanese imperialism, and Africans enabling the slave trade are just a few examples.  My son and daughter both attend urban schools with culturally and racially diverse populations.  Each of them has told me that anti-white bias is quite common. What's more, the perpetrators often maintain that they cannot be racist since they are not white.  And I have observed firsthand virulent anti-white sentiment from militant black members of the Nation of Islam while visiting New York City.  No, xenophobia is not the exclusive property of the white West.  We may have practiced it more than some others owing to cultural dominance over the last few hundred years, but we are certainly not alone.
Why does Trump have to let his daughter and spokespeople speak for him against nazis and white supremacists? By not speaking out, he makes himself look like he agrees with the nazis and white supremacists no matter that all the people trying explain what he is saying or saying things for him like Ivanka do. So once again, he hurts himself.
Ramaphosa- a true whites by nature
Dutch58 I grew up in the Jane and Finch area. You should try spending an entire day in that area without a car and walking and taking buses everywhere before you speak. Try being white like me and living in that area where you are the minority. Think racism only goes one way? I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Sorry, but the truth.
He has disguised himself for long as an anti apartheid activists but has always worked in favor of the white monopolists.
Yah. I've never been proud of being white; I'm only proud of my accomplishments and those of my family and friends. I am forever offended at any kind of racial/ethnic statements of pride.
Dear lord - are you purposely being dense, or does that just happen naturally? Since whites make up nearly 2/3 of the total US population, you’ve made my point for me.  Not necessary, but thanks.
Fascism is the politics of identity. We usually think of White Supremacy as fascist.  But, any movement that champions one's  race,  gender or  characteristics  over ones talent or achievement is essentially  just .kinder, and gentler fascism.  NDP is the champion of identity policies.
The Tpubs got over 100 amendments granted into the ACA bill. Debate lasted a year. It was a bipartisan bill. So why you think Obama somehow "misled" everyone is baseless. Everyone knew what the bill was and voted it into law. Then the SCOTUS upheld the law 5-4.  There was no secret deals in back rooms full of old white men Tpubs 'bipartison' plan. The ACA went through a slugfest on the floor for months and months. The Tpubs wanted to vaporise Obamacare for having buggy software during the rollout. That's not 'misled', that's carrying out an agenda while ignoring the facts. Making mountains out of molehills.
“This was Ottawa in the 50's” you said ?...Ottawa didn’t change at all ! Raciste?...Québécois are Racists, they said ??? Why so much hate then for Québécois since 1775 when you are part of the problem for not consciously recognize the “Québec Act” ? This is not Canada ...with a bunch of « Loyalists » Orangemen.  There is no place for a bunch of Ku-Ku-Klowns in Canada. In the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an English  three Canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization Anglo-Saxon, WASP equivalent to the United States ("White Anglo-Saxon Protestants").  The "deprivation" of the identity of the Québécois Nation Anglo na-na-da is an "expert" in the field. Is it not what the Anglo Canada has done with the "deprivation" of First Nations Cultures?  "Cultural Genocide", said one of them, oui ?
Trudeau supports White Gay supremacy - there is not much Diversity in Pride Parades they are mostly a Caucasian event small minority of Muslims, Blacks, Asians ... just look around at your next Pride Parade
Some one needs a nap.  You are really just swimming in this now.  Jack S. and STO couldn't decide if  Obama was 1/2 black or 1/2 white. You guys on the left  fixate on race so much, you forget there's a person there. You talk about him like he was an experiment in a laboratory. You know, Obama is a just a man. I think he's a decent man but has had some   policies that some consider   disastrous. I think history will judge him as neither white or black, but average as far as his  performance as President.   .
"The lesson of the day was white privilege, the idea that white people enjoy unearned advantages due to their race".   I suppose the most egregious example of white privilege  would be a white person, bereft of any outstanding academic achievements or career accomplishments, obtaining the highest political office in the land by trading on his name.  Of course, this is unimaginable in a country as enlightened as Canada.
I do not want to hear about someone's perceived problems during our National Anthem. I also believe there are bigger issues for the mutimillionaire cry babies to consider. Presidents Jackson and Jefferson freed the white slaves in the early 1800's, Lincoln freed the Chinese, Irish and Black slaves. What about slavery today? Human trafficking? Illegal immigrants forced to work as slaves. People making millions off slavery today. There will always be Hatfields versus McCoys issues. Get back to football. It certainly appears to be too big of a distraction for some teams and very divisive for others.
Not sure what you disagree with.  All I said was this level of cooperation is rare here, citing only 9/11 as the one instance where the whole country jumped in.  You agreed, saying that when Katrina happened, Texas fought to help them.  Then you went on saying how hurricane Sandy didn't see this cooperation.  I think you suffer from being too much American....seeing things in red and blue states and those divisions.  This is one instance where we're Americans, or more importantly, people.  There are cultures I know of who see the world that way (going to one of those countries next month).  I wish Americans would realize that's the advanced society we should seek.  Instead...everybody's an enemy.  LOL..but sad.  We're people.  We're not Dems, we're not Repubs, we're not red, we're not blue, we're not white, we're not black, we're not Russians, we're not Chinese; we're people.  Until we start seeing each other that way, we're going nowhere but down.
"Everyone has a right to go one whatever websites they want to go on, generally speaking, so the fact that people are on websites that happen to be — whether they're white supremacist, anti-Jewish or neo-Nazi, or Islamic radicalism — until they do something generally speaking, all law enforcement can do is watch," Kelly said.  That statement, right there should scare the absolute BEEJEEZUS out of anybody in this country that cares even a little bit about the First Amendment and individual Rights in general.  The day we let government start regulating information (on the Internet or anyplace else) based on CONTENT and what THEY think is "bad"... Well, brother, that's it. GAME OVER MAN.  These people need to be reminded THEY are there to enact the will of the People, not enact their will ON the People.  Yep, we get it. Law enforcement isn't easy.  Too bad.  Stop trying to take the EASY way out by infringing on MY rights. Save that stuff for the criminals.
Good thing a young white girl wasn't driving.
Saying that Donald Trump is the ultimate personification of white privilege is like saying Barack Obama, as president, is the ultimate personification of affirmative action and Black privilege sustained by white guilt, unless of course you can conceive of a white guy who had never run so much as a lemonade stand; had virtually no accomplishments in a very brief political career; and has regularly trashed the country to which he owed so much, getting elected President - twice!  I agree with you about pro sports being a meritocracy. Is that how you think the rest of society should run? Obama was totally unqualified to run a business or serve as a "corpse man" (his pronunciation) when he was elected. Both John McCain and Mitt Romney were far more qualified on paper then Obama. What does that tell you?   Hopefully you can see from this discussion, Stephen, how pernicious and distracting social justice diversions are from our gospel vocation, where we are brothers in Christ.
So denouncing unacceptable ideologies within something like white supremacy is the correct thing to do is it?  Can we get the G&M's support when it comes to denouncing unacceptable ideologies in Islam?  And with its support there I would assume that the G&M would also support the notion that denouncing an ideology shouldn't cross the line into the public persecution of individuals using their big powerful media machine who happen to espouse unacceptable ideologies?
yet another blame-the-white-man column  sigh...
BS, I will take NYT, WP, LA Times and the Chicago Tribune before I think about click on Breitbart.  Most of the time these outlets get it right,  Did their pundits "underestimate?"  Sure they did, but the media did not drive the agenda.  Bannon is a white supremacy fascist.  He needs to know down the press whenever he gets the chance.  its good he is telling people to shut up - that will stir them to fight back harder.
That was a pop quiz and you got it right ....he's Latino as in non-white .....  just as Obama is non-white even tho his mother and grandmother are typical white Americans.  I wonder why he's ashamed of his maternal heritage?    I'm white but I identify as Native American like Elizabeth Warren.
But kneeling isn't an act of disrespect. It's respectful, but distinctive. And why would you think this would be about "protesting for the sake of protesting" rather than about racial inequality? There's a racist president in the White House who openly mocks the problems of racism and compliments White Supremacists.  What is shameful is that NFL doesn't protect its players. There is no need for it to be so violent. It's easy to change the rules. But some fans don't want to see an athletic game well played, they'd much rather watch a blood sport, which is where the Roman games with gladiators analogy comes from.  Trump once owned a football team. It failed. Mostly because Trump got greedy. The NFL owners are rich white men who feel entitled and don't pay their players nearly enough. Much is made of the odd big contract, but the truth is far seamier. Few players are rich, and most die broke and broken.
The town of Charlottesville voted to remove the Lee statue and white racist, anti-Semitic, supremacists descended on the town with weapons and threats to protest in their "summer of hate".  These statues were erected long after the civil war, during the rise of the KKK, not to honor heroism but instead to threaten, intimidate and celebrate the defense of slavery and the traitors against America and our values.  There is no such thing as the "alt left", patriotic Americans on all sides are appalled at these people, especially if you are old enough to have parents or grandparents that fought in WWII against exactly this,  Millions were exterminated.  These people are not innocuous, they are dangerous to civil society.
Wow. White supremacists rallying with torches. Who does THAT remind me of?
Actually it is to silence those who disagree with the liberal talking points. The conservative views are voted down and being not civil and the user is silenced.   The latest study from a Harvard professor even shows that white college educated liberals are the ones most likely to discriminate over any other group. It supports my claim regarding the left's desire to silence any and all who disagree with them.
Our education system, from beginning to end, has as its subtext that capitalism as formulated by white Europeans is evil, is the cause of the planet's and humanity's woes, and so its graduates are overwhelmingly social justice warriors seeking public or non-profit sector paycheques.  The unionized teachers and professors also largely have zero experience with the private sector, so another reason youth is steered away.  That's  why there are few entrepreneurs, to my eyes anyway.
Well then - if she's kept her big yap shut they wouldn't have risked losing ANY voters. Any white voters they lose over this is ALSO her fault.
I'm an ACLU volunteer attorney and have been one for a long time.  I know what a white supremacist sounds like and looks like.  Your pseudo-intellectual nonsense doesn't work with me.
No one can deny that racism exists, no one can deny that in the past there were vast racial injustices like slavery and Jim Crowe. The privledge we should be speaking of is Decision Privledge.  The single greatest factor in intergenerational poverty is single motherhood.  This is true of any race, not just whites.   The most prosperous race in North America based on income and education are Asians.  Why are we not talking about Asian privilege? White privledge does not exist.  If you think that it does.  Do yourself and your kids a favor.  Google “Ben Shapiro White Privledge” and watch it.
Aikona, Karyn. In this sorry little saga, Verashni Pillay has exposed herself beyond redemption.  Her pronounced bias against white men did major harm at M&G, so this new evidence of racism and misandry doesn't come as a huge surprise, but there's no turning back now - if HuffPost wants to retain any vestige of credibility, they must fire her.
Gary, JRemington, icon66, et al, My condemnation was of the violence on both sides; those that came spoiling for a fight and those who came equally prepared to oblige as evidenced by the shields, clubs, helmets donned by both sides. I don't for a moment equate the moral/ethical positions of white supremacists with the position of those in opposition to racism, antisemitism, and the like. White supremacists need to be put on notice that their position is opposed widely and strongly in the country. Yes, there were counter protests elsewhere in the country. However, my post applies exclusively to the violent, antifa, counter demonstration in Charlottesville. Even though the bear was uncaged, it was still poked and the reaction was predictable.
Hello Allan,  What I see on this board are multiple Canadian people commenting that, when they visit overseas countries with their own language preferences and familiarities, the Canadian people adopt nick-names for themselves that are easily pronounced by their overseas peers, and do so without a fuss or a second thought because it is a perfectly reasonable, rational thing to do.  So, um, Allan, rather than hurling nasty names against others (as you do with your quip, "ranting old white people")...  ... why don't you instead take a stab at explaining why, no no no, those mentioned Canadians should NOT be so accommodating when they are in those overseas lands, no no no, those mentioned Canadians should instead raise a fuss there and point fingers at the overseas people as being troubling and troublesome bigots?
"and suggested race played a role" Hmm - she would not listen to them and charged them because they were white?
for a country who was built on the invasion and military occupation of the lands of the aboriginal peoples of north america .........  canada has one of the lowest populations - and if you are going to not be nice and share, then some country - probably china - is going to cross the seas and invade you. canada was built on greed - and look what untrammelled greed has done to u.s.a. and russia for example.  white supremacy is abhorrent to any sane individual.
Hmm. Let's review:  <<I don't know who you THINK you're talking to when you advise me to listen to David Blight. As a conservative, I am moved by objective truth, not bigoted emotions.>>  Don't think I can be faulted too much for reading this as a slam on David Blight. But OK, I misunderstood. Sorry!  By the way, you completely misread me, as well, which is unsurprising given the tired meme that conservatives aren't "moved by bigoted emotions" (despite ongoing susceptibility to the most brazen demagoguery). I don't usually concern myself with the interior racial views of individuals, which are often hard to discern. But are white Americans complacent or oblivious about the various forms of racism that continue to affect African-Americans? Absolutely. You are Exhibit A.  Trayvon Martin was executed by a panicky, trigger-happy vigilante and violent nutball. That Zimmerman was not-guilty by the letter of a bad law doesn't make him innocent or not a racist.
Congress and the people who commit mass shootings have one thing in common — the majority of both groups are white men. Can you imagine what the white men in Congress would do if the majority of the shooters in mass killings were black? Then, we would see some action in Congress.
Dave, you can choose whose message you signal boost. Trump is signal boosting the KKK and global white nationalists. That's why they love him so much. Not only does he incorporate their ideals and messaging in his speeches and tweets, he has repeatedly retweeted actual, out and proud white nationalists. Not once, but repeatedly. Do you think it's a coincidence Trump had and still has more passionate white supremacist  support of any presidential candidate since segregationist George Wallace?   He was busted by two different Departments of Justice for repeatedly committing illegal anti-black housing segregation. So it's no coincidence his message today dovetails with the KKK of today. He's a bona-fide segregationist. This is why white nationalists love him. When he mentions our "culture" in reference to the white supremacist Confederacy and white nationalists, it is really is HIS culture. He has proven it time and again. It's not my culture.
I am amazed and disappointed to see comments below, where people are actually defending what Trump said about Charlottesville.  How many videos, articles, and stand up comedians do you have to watch before you understand what happened at that new conference that Trump initiated?   Trump clearly said,  "...there are fine/good people on both sides..." of the protest etc...  The whole world took offense at the very idea that the President of the Untied States just said that the KKK and White supremacist groups had a "good" side to them.  That was an inference that can not be tolerated from the President of the United States.  It directly implies his sympathy with those terrible groups.  He associated himself directly to those groups because he had such a hard time explaining it to everyone in the first place.  No one in the KKK or White supremacist groups is a "good" person, and their complaints are not acceptable.  Yes he did criticize the groups, but he was hypocritical a moment later.
Are you then trying to say that Zille made the twitter statements as a gatvol white person rather than somebody trying to stimulate debate?
Wake up Wavemaker, Joe's right! Yes,this"Gun Control"consist of 1"Stiffer"Background Check & Ban on labeled "Assault(Advance)Weapons" 2.2nd AMENDMENT RIGHTS"VOID" for FELONS!-White or blue Collar Crime, Violent Or NOT & MENTALLY ILL-Sick or not. Lines are being blurred as Felonys are handed out like Monopoly Jail Cards! What's the legal classification & differences between a Felon,Mentally ill & A Convicted Weapons Offender Felon?  Who justify's labeling innovative arms as "assault" on the latest Guns? Aren't all Arms capable of assault? In fact ARMS ARE BUILT FOR OFFENSE! ITS A PROJECTILE TOOL! It's how you use it & for what purpose!Who are they to tell us how many rounds or how fast we need in any emergency? Where does "self-defense"end &"assault"begin? Slippery slope!Your asleep if you think its just a Leftist agenda.It's WAR On Your 2nd Amendment Rights to Bare Arms! Any Arms! Ps.The recent Gun Violence headlining the News is Gov PROPAGANDA!Ex:Miami Pulse Club (False Flag!)RESEARCH
No. The loony right has been around a long time. The John Birch Society, the KKK, all the white power weirdos. The loony right is a creation of itself.
Is it not also condescending to assume that the only literature worth reading is by white people?  To Kill A Mockingbird is specifically about the race of the characters. Are you suggesting it shouldn't be on the curriculum?
You mean there would have to be quotas of whites instead of the majority of the athletes being minorities as it is done today when based on merit?  Would there have to be quotas based on gender, too?  A certain percentage of transgender Quarterbacks for example?    How would you do the quota(s) if you had a black transgender and a black male and a black female all wanting to be the Center?  Would it matter which way the gender was 'transing'?  Would Female to Male be preferred over Male to Female?  It is so difficult to be fair!
I got the strap at elementary school many times.  I am haunted with memories of that time almost daily.  I am so traumatized that I can’t wear belts.  I am white.  Where do I go to get some money for this abuse?
Only recently have I been seeing this word "racialized" in the media. It was also recently used to describe Jagmeet Singh. Who is doing the racializing? As an older male of northern European extraction, I feel that I am constantly racialized when called "white".
I agree, my cousins murderer is getting out after 2.5 years on work release from Palmer! I think, sad to say this, the father was White, kid is Native, severe punishment. My cousin, victim is Native, killer was adult Native, so no punishment. It happens a lot in Fairbanks, not sure about Anchorage .  My condolences to the victims family,  it's sad they opened their home to this. I hope it doesn't deter others from adopting or fostering. This is a rare, sad crime. Sending lots of love.
An AR-15 in the hands of an American man full of rage that has not only been tolerated but encouraged is a public safety hazard. The gun wouldn’t exist if it weren’t for the demand of these over privileged irrationally frightened,  abusive, and enraged men. It is a systemic problem of mostly white male privilege. So it’s not just the guns.
Okay, Pochonotwhite, as you've said many times, we know you're not white.  Just thought I'd say that so you don't have to qualify any of your deranged posts.  Message to all MAGAphants and MAGAtrolls (but especially to you Pochonotwhite):  So you really think all groups are equal to the KKK and Nazis?  What the baby-in-chief was "code" for all you uneducated, lapdog, fox-news-watching followers so that he could keep you foaming at the mouth.   He still has all of you on his short leash howling at the moon.   Serious, you're not white?  Hard to believe.  Maybe you're just a big, fat, non-white version of the uneducated MAGAphants who were standing behind Trump in West Virginia.
Black universities have been integrated for decades. It is white folks that have a problem with integration. It is against the law if the school takes Federal funds to segregate students. Some of the white students even play sports. When will the majority of white folks take responsibility for their behavior? I admit  equality would be a demotion for most of them.
NBT: If any white supremacist wishes to try to convince someone of white racial superiority, you're right, talking to me would be a waste of time.  I have no desire to discuss racial issues with someone whose goal is to proselytize for white supremacy.  Nor do I wish to visit and discuss President Obama's birth certificate with "deniers", climate change with "global warming deniers or the shape of the earth with "flat earthers."  When people are emotionally committed to irrational positions they are, IMO, going to continue to hold those beliefs.  Why should I spend my time listening to such irrationality?  "Why would anybody want to meet you when your mind is prematurely already made-up."  Indeed, you're right, it would be a waste of a racist's time to try to convince me of white supremacy.  .....or that climate change is a hoax...or that the earth is flat.  Yes, as you put it,  my mind is "prematurely" already made-up. ..BTW: "made up" based on evidence and rationality   Gary Crum
Also note in my 5 years in Vancouver.... I have seen a Punjabi/Pakistani teenage boy who idolizes the gangster life physically assault his white classmate. I have been harassed by these types in Surrey, and I have worked in a place where the Sikh management asked workers who ate meat step outside....  The problem is truly the FACT that certain ethnicites who are ETHNOCENTRICS themselves due to a HIGHLY TRADITIONAL AND CONSERVATIVE culture cannot see their RACISM.   Before my family immigrated here we had to go into a seminar, learning about multiculturalism and the unwritten rules, etiquette and what not.   and  I truly believe this needs to be done on all immigrant generation cases.... And any child guilty of HATE CRIME out of racial prejudices on one culture or the other should also have the parents be charged of child abuse for teaching their children such RADICAL or uncivilized views.   So long as cases like the above are swept under the rug... Not much is going to change!
"I'm sure you deny feeling "white man's guilt" for the "sins of our fathers.""??? Truthfully I'm a bit unsure as to it's meaning, unless it refers to the established "white [y] guilt syndrome" liberals are nearly always bathing in.  As for "promoting "Democrats' guilt" for the "sins of Democrats " Actually I call out evil for what evil is, the denial, lies and deceitful evil politics of Democrats/Party past and current. No different then myself calling out the deceitful political evil greedy lying of the Republican Freedom Caucus. And in principle the entire Political Elitist Washington Insiders both [D] & [R]. It's not hyperbole, it's the plain as day truth of the evil in both parties that party partisans like yourself don't/and or refuse to acknowledge by attempting to white wash over facts with alternate revisionist history.
First of all, I wouldn't call excommunication "cupcakes & gold stars."   Second, I agree that Francis is challenging parts of the Church that previously saw themselves as immune from such criticism. I also agree that some of those quarters need a readjustment. But I also strongly disagree with the thrust of your original comment, i.e., that all that went previously to Francis was insufficient. It's a lot more complicated than that. Another data point to keep in mind: many of the highest ranking Church officials who have adopted Francis' agenda are John Paul/Benedict appointees. Schonborn, Wuerl, O'Malley, heck, even Francis himself. The Church is complicated, not black & white, which is the real lesson I think Francis is showing.  Finally, your last point undercuts it seems to me the thrust of Winters' original post. Namely, challenging elements of the "right" such as Church Militant ought to serve as a wake-up call to elements of "conservative" Catholicism not nearly as extreme.
Doug, what you quote of what Trump says doesn't sound white-supremacist to me; the West does not just consist of white people, so advocating protection of the West is not racist.
I think it's okay if it says Proud to be Italian, or Norweigian, or Irish, etc.  If it just says proud to be White, that sounds disparaging to non-whites.
im with harron on this one. uh is 97 years old. imagine if the policy in 1920 was, our faculty will reflect our community at large, and our student body in particular. white men protesting her statements remind me of white southerners that think its ok for black people to have to walk by a statue of lee to get their driver's license or for an atheist, buddhist or other religious person to have to walk past the ten commandments to file a land transfer document. public property is for the public. college students should expect to be taught by people that look, talk and act more like them. we all have biases, cloaked in the guise of values and unwittingly impart them to young minds. time to stop it. this lady is spot on in 2017.
I am a white woman who was date raped in 1982 by a white male much older than me.  I was a few months short of being 20.  I have since learned to identify predatory male behaviour.  Colour is not an issue.  It is male behaviour.  When a man refuses to hear a woman who says NO, the issue is the man's not the woman's.
Many white evangelicals think they are helping God punish the poor. If you think you are on a mission from God, the laws and concerns of mere mortals are irrelevant.
It only seems illogical to you because you fail to distinguish between the circumstance.  Trump criticizes Sessions for recusing himself from a matter in which he was a party, it was improper for Trump to do so.  Sessions attempts to defend Trump's "all sides" comment and Trump's unwillingness to denounce white supremacist.  There is no defending Trump's inflammatory rhetoric and feigned condemnation of "all sides."  Sessions is wrong for defending Trump in this case.
Trump issues and others such as China issues will come up, and I doubt Trudeau will show much backbone for his own personal values. Politics has a way of making black look like white and vice versa.
Planned Parenthood is a nonprofit organization. Nothing they do is for profit, including screening women for cancer or STDs, providing affordable contraceptives to women, educating women in family planning and family budgeting and healthful meals, and, yes, abortion, which makes up 3% of their total costs.  It says everything about you that anyone has to know, when you say you won't bother reading about what Planned Parenthood does in treating 2.5 million women annually. You would rather cling to a "map" that shows Planned Parenthood centers treating only black and Hispanic women. No white women! Your "map" proves it!
So, it wasn't good enough when the activist teachers of language arts and social studies denuded those once rich and valuable subjects. Now they are turning math into a vehicle for their political activism?  After reading this one would come away with the idea that there is some conspiracy to keep poor and minority kids in bad public schools.  Here is a solution that the insulated public employees will love: create a rich charter school movement in Eugene where kids in low income neighborhoods can choose the school of their choice. It will cost far less than what our schools are costing now and provide a much better education.   And for Khatter: How about having your students whip up some numbers on how much a PERS employee will be making for decades after their early retirement: After working in their cushy public employee jobs with incredible benefits and 100% job security for what amounts to half-time.   Only in Eugene with a bunch of guilt-riddled white people could this junk fly.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? . To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
In fact, I'm more than willing to have President Obama as the personification of affirmative action and how it works--and President-elect Trump as the personification of white male privilege in America and how it works.  Among the differences between us Nathan is that, for sake of discussion, I am prepared to concede that President Obama benefited from affirmative action in getting into Columbia University and Harvard Law, and from the guilty consciences of many of the liberals who voted for him (at least the first time); whereas you are probably unwilling, if not constitutionally unable, to acknowledge the irony in the self-evident proposition that it is Donald Trump who will be the first U.S. President to ever serve as President without having served one day of public or military service on any level at any time.  Thus we have two historic firsts. Barack Obama was the first African American POTUS and Donald Trump will be the first American POTUS with no public service or military...
The stages of disillusionment in South Africa is fascinating. It started with the right wingers that you fought heroically. Then it came to the middle class "don't care leave me alone" type whites. Then the truth started crawling towards the amazing liberal whites (no sarcasm... really). At some stage black professionals (the common engineer, or teacher, or whatever that try to make a positive difference in SA) started experiencing this dreaded disillusionment as well. The voting masses are still happy... even though the billions of grant money is not so slowly making its way to Dubai, India etc.
Major headline!!!  White Woman Gives Up Eating Meat!  Coverage at 11.
Since he has the appearance of  a white western male he must have stood out quite noticeably and caught the attention of the local police immediately. And the rest of the story is?
A prominent indigenous lawyer wrote this in a local Winnipeg newspaper and did an excellent job summarizing what’s really happening.  She wrote the following:  “I'm writing this to share my views on sexism in our community and any linkage I see to violence against women in our community and our conspicuous absence as leaders within our communities. Some 90 per cent or so of the chiefs eligible to vote for national chief are men.  In my opinion, there is a link. Aboriginal men kill aboriginal women and girls, rape aboriginal women and girls, beat aboriginal women and girls, and no one is really talking about the moose in our living room.  Having lived through what is generally dismissed as domestic violence in several of my relationships, I've just had enough — that's all. Of course I'm angry non-aboriginal men, primarily white men, are killing our women and girls, too, but I'm more angry we within our communities turn a blind eye to the violence against women right in our own backyards
Violence?....how about reading the article and watching the video of the white supremacists/white nationalists beating the gentleman in the parking structure in Charlettesville.. that, sir, is violence.  Gary Crum
Thanks. There's definitely something going on with this Russia / Trump / white nationalist trifecta that is worth paying attention to. And of course, Russia under Putin has become infamous in their horrible treatment of LGTB people, something to which the white nationalists are apparently quite amenable. So there's definitely more there than meets the eye.
"Problem is, in many cases liberals yell "racism!!!" and "racial profiling!!" and since most elected liberals are afraid of being called names..."  Those who wish to weed racial injustice out of law enforcement do so because they actually wish to weed racial injustice out of law enforcement. No one does so for fear of "name calling."    However, I do find lots of racists who resent being correctly identified as racists, thus there motivation for not using N bombs left and right is the fear of "name calling"   For example, as a white male, I often see fellow white males prepare to tell "jokes" by looking around to make sure there are only white males present. At that point I always say, "Pretend I'm who you were looking for before you tell that joke." Of course they stop. Not because they are offended by the content of the "joke" but because they don't want to be called out for being the racist (or sexist, xenophobic, or homophobic) person they are at heart.
When race isn't mentioned it's assumed the person is white. The picture confirmed it.
President Donald Trump is quickly becoming a political boat anchor. He did not win the popular vote and,his approval rating is now hovering around 40% which for a "populist" of any stripe is a terminal condition especially so soon after election. He is worrying a large portion of the population with his irrational behavior which has now also destroyed his credibility in the eyes of many both domestically and in foreign governments.  His party is propping him up to extract the last vestige of political worth from him then the sharks he swims with (lead by the "Great White"  Pence) will completely marginalize him.
Uhhh, just shibai as we have yet to see exactly how buses would work if rail stops at Middle Street.  Ending rail at Middle Street would save billions, no years of torn up streets, endless change orders.  As for a "Commuter's Hell" sorry but the Japanese have us beat. Rail cars so packed you can't see through them, white gloved guides pushing people inside.
What happens with the children of wealthy Asian parents? The ones that buy cars for their kids, pay for tutors, buy them houses or condos when they go to university? When these kids become doctors and lawyers, Members of Parliaments, both Provincial and Federal, will they be acknowledged as privileged, or is that just reserved for whites?
"Of the 90,717 street checks between 2009 and 2014, 20 per cent involved black people, who make up just 9 per cent of the population, and 27 per cent involved white people, who make up 43 per cent of the community. (For 22 per cent, no race was documented.)"     Is this statistic skewed?  Yes.  Very much.  How is this explained? Where are the necessary "why" questions?   There are no answers. except to ensure that the Peel Regional Police make inquiry into their hiring practices.  Funny how few people of Indian decent are part of a force that polices probably the largest Indian population in all of Canada.  (With exception of Surrey B.C.)
Something that I never understood about the Obama administration: why the KKK and other white-supremacist organizations were never declared to be terrorist organizations, like ISIS. They're evil, motivated by hate, and target Americans for brutal, random acts of violence.
They definetly should run for the hills!  Look at what happened to ISHI, the last Yahi indian once the white man took him to Berkley!
So theoretically if the white people now conquered the FN people  that would solve some problems ??   I must admit there are advantages to the history of bloody conflict from a selfish point of view.
The Republican "Congressional White Caucus" is Republicans in congress.
I fear how this can be played out when people with like moral thinking all decide they won't bake cakes for LGBT weddings, or when they apply social pressure to assure that no one does.  I grew up in a segregated Bible Belt Southern U.S. state.  Believe me, the beliefs regarding segregation by race were widely defended as being Biblical.  I think it is important we not forget how individual "religious beliefs" can become group and social actions, to the detriment of some minority or the other.    I also agree with Monica's point that this "right" to discriminate on a moral belief is narrowly pointed directly at LGBT people.     We both fear slippery slopes.  You fear chains around what we are calling "religious freedom."  I fear "religious freedom" run amok - anything can be claimed as a religious belief.  And, I fear a religious belief becoming a group and social action directed against a particular minority.  "Whites only" drinking fountains?  "No gay wedding" cake bakers?
Is it Bias or is it experience ?  Not all Bears attack humans but we are fearful of them and kill innocent bears proactively. And  cops killed nearly twice as many whites as blacks in 2015. According to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black.   Blacks are seven times more likely than people of other races to commit murder, and eight times more likely to commit robbery. When Blacks commit crimes of violence, they are nearly three times more likely than non-Blacks to use a gun, and more than twice as likely to use a knife.  Of the nearly 770,000 violent interracial crimes committed every year involving Blacks and Whites, Blacks commit 85 percent and Whites commit 15 percent. So when you are fearful and so much of the violence is coming from one racial profile you can see why a cop may be quick to react unnecessarily aggressive. Bias yes, but  based on real experience and statistics.
The point of that statement was to attempt to illustrate the parallels between these two groups. While I don't agree with either of these groups exclusivity, I do recognize their right to free speech and freedom of legal expression.  I think I see your point. I agree, most of the prominent voices from the BLM group condemn these illegal behaviors. However, very little is done to actually curb them. During the Milwaukee riots/protests significant numbers of people claiming to be BLM members were targeting and attacking white people because of race. http://www.infowars.com/video-black-lives-matter-rioters-target-whites-for-beat-downs  I don't understand how slavery fits into this discussion. Is there somewhere in the US where slavery is still legal? To the best of my knowledge it is a problem from the past, at some point individuals clinging on to this need to let it go. We as Americans should all learn and understand the atrocities committed so they never happen again.
Not  all so called " whites" are Caucasian....melanin variations occur within races and ethnic groups reflecting  their migratory routes over the millennia.  There is certainly no white race, no black race....looking at  the Fitzpatrick pigmentary charts with its six main groupings there are no equivalent six races....I'm 2. 5 on the scale, taupe...fellow members of my race come in all pigmentations from 1-6.
All well and good, except that narcissistic personality disorder is a mental disorder, and that's what was voted into the White House.  Nothing wrong with what you wish for, but choose someone who has a semblance of sanity.
The corporate media continues to deny the existence of the rigged election.  Trump knew it was rigged and stated so.  Everyone thought it was rigged for Hillary, including the Democratic leadership so stupid and blind they couldn't run a rigged roulette wheel.  The Republican party leaders knew their decades long rigging of the election/voter enfranchment in key states run by Republican Governors and legislatures would be the difference in the left over remnant of white wealth privilege, the Electoral College.  The fix continues in the same states from the rust belt to the Old South CONfederacy with a few hardcore, government-hating Western states thrown in.  The computer rigging by the selected corporations providing the tallying services since hand counts were rejected and the fix is complete.  Popular vote is completely negated.  Until all of the unconstitutional voter disenfrancisement laws and Electora College are eliminated, the corruption will continue.  Revolution now.
Is this in her book "What Happened ?" alternating her breathing while white people voted is why she lost the election.
On the field, these football players aren't allowed to wear things that memorialize 911.   Does that mean the league is in league with Al Qaida?  The protest of kneeling is directed at all white America.    There is no excuse for it.
She'll probably get probation whereas a black man (or even an old white man) would do hard time.
You will find a very high rate of Mexican and Black DNA in these supposedly "white" Americans. They did a study on 100 white supremacists. Many were over 90% European. A surprisingly high percentage had Native American (i.e Asian, not Caucasian), Mexican, and Black DNA, with many possessing Arab ethnicity within 500 years.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? . To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
This person has a PhD? I guess American History is not her strong point. First of all it was white guys who gave her the right to speak as she is. And although it was white guys who purchased Africans from fellow Africans for the purpose of slavery, it was white guys who died by the thousands to give the slaves freedom. Her comment of white guys taking up room belonging to someone else is quite ironic, as I'm sure somewhere along the line she benefitted from affirmative action (taking the place belonging to someone else), a law passed by white guys. This is a statement which is, "All about me." Get out of my way, I deserve better, you are blocking my path. Being temporary I guess she needs someone to leave so she can get a permanent job. These posts, comments and statements are exactly what keeps the country divided. That and the fact she thinks she is owed something. I agree when she said thing should be equal, thus she should be treated as her targets (white men) would be. FIRED
San Bernardino, Orlando, World Trade Center, Pentagon, Flight 91, Boston Marathon, not one "white "American" at least not who didn't follow Mohammed. You're a joke.
LMAO.My first several years in Law Enforcement were primarily spent on Graveyard shift in a predominantly black, "lower income area." Let me catch you with your  "white privilege" walking or driving around "the hood" in the wee hours. You WOULD be stopped and "FI'ed" (Field Interviewed) to determine who you are and what you're doing. LOL.Context is everything, your "white privilege" notwithstanding.  Dress up like a gang-banger with your pants hanging down around your knees and walk around a store,LOL, white or not, you'd be the object of interest by security personnel. You need to get out more! No-one anywhere, anytime is "equal". Our country is built, not on individual equality, but on equality of OPPORTUNITY.  You can make something of yourself, or you can snivel, sit around with your hand out, and become comfortable in your self-imposed misery. Excuses give lie to every individual who overcame whatever obstacles they were confronted with, minority or not.
The defunding of Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with their providing abortions, rather because they provide contraception. The white male dominators (read GOP) want to deny all women the right to make any choices even concerning if/when to get pregnant. So the argument that women are being denied nothing is spurious.
Kupuna or parents, its all the same. Just have respect for people behind. No stand up when get people behind you. Simple. I may watch the video once or twice, but my thoughts is to archive it for my kids when they grow up and have kids to reminisce the old days. I cherish the black and white videos my parents took of us kids...and I love to see the faces of my young ones when they see daddy from kid days.
'Diversity' nowadays means you are racist towards white people, sexist towards men and xenophobic of Christians.
All of which ignores the fact that Trump calls himself a white supremacist and a eugenicist.
Wealthcare will be a disaster when it is shoved down our throats. No debate No hearings Not even the committee of 13 white men designated to write the bill got to see it. It was all written by lobbyists and aides in a back room. Regressives have put all the underhanded, undemocratic aspects of the legislative process that they could think of into practice because they have a POTUS with 5 working digits who doesn't care about or know anything about what he signs.
I think what Mr. Eastman is trying to say is that we should be honoring all members of the armed forces who built the Alaska Highway 75 years ago......not just the black ones. Black troops, made up 33% of troops who built the Alaska Highway. It really bite into the political correctness of the situation but are we still segregating honors by color even in this day and age? All of the monuments along the Alaska Highway are.....non-racial. Were black troops working on the highway treated unfairly? Sure but most black troops everywhere were treated unfairly, that was the nature of the beast back in 1940s!! Dawson Creek got a small museum on the highway. Black units are mentioned fairly along with the white units. Can't undo history but you can overhype it to make people feel better in their comfort zone. Maybe that is why Mr. Eastman is protesting, overhyping of history.
Funny how old, white men agree with the memo.
Just a quick apology.  I came off a bit rude to you.  You are right though as far as how they were written:  "Dashcam video shows white cop punching black man during stop."  <--I think you were referring to this article?  I see what you are saying but perhaps don't read much into it like you I suppose.
Stalin, Hitler, Mussolini, Trump. At minimum we'll have four years of cartoons showing Trump with a swastika on his arm, at most we we'll have internment camps for anyone that is not "white".
I would agree to the known factual evidence that Blacks are, as with other citizens of color "clearly their own worst enemy." If non-white citizens truly want to change their situation they are going to first have to stop empowering the Democrat Party. The Democrat Party promises everything and delivers nearly nothing particularly when an election is under way. How many more years of gullible will people of color endure before they wake up and realize they are the victims of the Democrat Party. Just like the old southern plantation owners who kept people of color enslaved. The best thing people of color can do for themselves is to become informed independent voters and only vote for people who are authentic based on their record when comes to serving the American citizen.
OK. Haha . . . but you see what I'm getting at, right?   My argument doesn't work with the anti-war movement, where the government was still legally prosecuting a war that had in no way been judged unconstitutional--as racism had in Brown v. the Board--or forbidden by law, as had happened to white supremacism in the Civil Rights and Voting Acts in 1964-65.   The OU bombing and arson were part of the worldwide anti-capitalist, anti-imperialist revolutionary movement that made the non-violent Civil Rights Movement look so good to American elites.   That Movement held that African-America equality was possible within the status quo, that is, while maintaining the existing social order, because equality could be mandated and protected by law, by the state, and that the nation would be stronger because of it. Groups like the Weathermen and the SLA thought that the state needed to be smashed, the nation remade.
If they don't over stay their visa or otherwise defy the terms of that visa they have nothing to worry about.  That said, this is definitely much ado about nothing.  A report meant to incite those of you one the left.  White nationalism has nothing to do with it.  Besides, it's the Democrats who invented white nationalism after the Civil War.
"Institutional racism" is a conspiracy theory propped up with correlation-causation fallacy and "white privilege" is a junk concept based off a bad essay written in the late 1980s by a Berkeley radical. Can you name the essay without Googling? Have you actually read it?
^This post sums everything up perfectly.  "At this point, this president* is nearly indistinguishable from the average Faux demographic - old, white, angry and gullible enough to buy into the Faux narrative." - perfect summation of our current "President"........can I borrow this?
"These new deportation policies are about racial profiling, pure and simple." Since white people don't constitute the vast majority of those who are here illegally, your argument makes no sense.   Nor is the issue about race.  For one thing, only some Mexicans and other hispanics are non-white. Many are white.  It doesn't matter.   Look at it from the opposite perspective:  Many are here legally from India and Asia.  Good people. Many of those from India are darker than most hispanics, yet you rarely see it said that we discriminate against them (or Asians). Indeed, most Americans look up to the people of India and Asians as being positive influences on our own decaying culture.  What do YOU think when you see the child of a dark Indian family playing violin or Chopin at the talent show, while our American daughters are skipping rope to a Brittney Spears song?  We look up to that dark family and wish they'd influence us more. Skin color has nothing to do with it. Stop race baiting.
White Males; The new scapegoat for all things evil in this world. There is a spectrum of male personalities as there are with females. Some are toxic and some aren't toxic. Some are in between. What's with the constant hate on for men?
I was referring to the practice of slave owners raping their slaves in part because it was a cheap way to get new slaves. Buying a full grown slaves with skills cost a lot of money. It was cheaper to raise one from birth. In Mary Chestnut's memoirs, she talked about how she and her friends resented the fact that so many of their slaves looked like their husbands. After the Civil War many white business owners in the South demanded sex for employment from black women. Black parents had a tradition of making sure their daughters got good educations because they would be less likely to be raped if they were a teacher or secretary. That went on right through the 1960's.
Congress is incapable of doing virtually anything nowadays.  They are a dysfunctional joke and their approval ratings are way south of even the dufus trump.    95% plus of the GOP Districts are majority white, so they have almost zero interest in getting anything as divisive as immigration reform done.   If trump had any cojones, he would get it done with his Congress.  But we all know he is incapable of leading after doing virtually zilch in 8 months, except golf that is.
Except Tea Partiers weren't "White nationalists," who were never shown to have used or planned to use "Brutal Force In C'Ville."  Whoops. Guess his point is valid.
Sure it's news. It's not news you like since your sympathetic to white nationalism. It's news to people that don't like the fact that purveyors of hatred are trying to gain a lowkey foothold in formerly respectful places.
Currently in Colorado, discrimination based on sexual orientation and discrimination based on religion are in the same boat.  It stands to reason that if someone is going to be allowed to discriminate against a gay person based on their religious beliefs, then they should also be allowed to discriminate against someone of an opposite religious view.  Watch the holy he!! that will get raised by white male Christian "victims" when told that they are going to be refused service due to their beliefs not jiving with a business owner's.
His deliberate evasion of specific criticism of the white supremacists speaks volumes.
Yeah, your comment SOUNDS funny in this anti-colonial age, George and Athelene, but you and I know it's a very sad irony.  1960 was a big year in Africa: the citizens of 17 African nations danced in the streets, celebrated different names and new flags in that single year alone. More celebrations came later (remember Rhodesia?  Tanganyika? French West Africa? I was old enough then to collect their colourful postage stamps) Some (whites) shook their heads in sadness and disgust, when blacks took over. Not over the fate of the black peoples, but the fate of their farms, factories and homes that many thousands of "Massahs" eventually abandoned.   Whaddya know? Greedy, avaristic or--at the very least, opportunistic--human nature is colour-blind!     So: same old, same old.
I've had some comments pulled, but honestly don't know at what stage?    So do you konw how the peer review works?  Is it X number 'uncivil' responses get the post pulled?   Can a comment make it through peer review and still get pulled after it's been posted?  It's difficult to be kind to those who treat you badly.    It's one of those Christian standards, 'love your enemy', that can be hard to live.     After the 9/11 bombing, people gathered in my large, white, evangelical church in rural Iowa and the pastor spoke.   Even more interesting is that U.S. military veteran from the congregation stood up and said at Pastor Korver's request.  "As hard as find to do this, I am asking to fine love for those who did this ...................... "    I used that to defy some stereotypes about white, Republican, small rural town citizens.    People often much kinder than our expectation of them.... not all the time.....
You wrote:  <<Not everyone that has a different opinion from you is a white supremacist, anti-Semitic, neo-Nazi bigot.>>  You're parroting Pandora's disgusting lie. I call the alt right a white supremacist, anti-Semitic, neo-Nazi, bigoted organization because that's what it is. Fact. It has nothing to do with "disagreement" over issues like taxation.
Agree with that sentiment, Bill.  What were Kaepernick and his fellow NFL players accomplishing by taking a knee during the national anthem?  If they were trying to raise awareness of issues in the black community, they messed up big time.  Kap and a lot of the other players who took a knee were black. They couldn't get their white teammates to join them in protesting, so they can't claim that their message has broad appeal.  Also, what are these players actually doing to help the blacks in their hometowns?  Are they helping them get good housing and a first class education?  Are they making the neighborhoods safer?  Are they helping them escape poverty?  From the looks of things, it seems to me that these entitled pro athletes are merely drawing attention to themselves.
Democrats grew and learned from that sordid past, didn't they? Don't see many Democrats in that hate group now, do you? So, if you really care about ending KKK and white supremacists shouldn't you join the Democrats? Ohh...but you really don't care about the do you? Your MO is to protect the preservation of hate groups and symbols. Well, you're doing a fine job of it.
I prefer that Hawaiians play the lead parts.  Enough with white actors who cannot act.  The original series was much more interesting and featured many actors and actresses who became famous later in their careers.
Peter, let me try to explain. I'm a black, UO graduate, and retired from being the only black manager in  the 100 year history of EWEB. I was insulted monthly in managers and supervisors meetings for 15 years. I was routinely called a socialist or a communist. They were unaware of how I felt. They don't know that socialists and communists were some of the few white people that opposed lynching at the turn of the last century. They claimed there were no qualified black applicants. They have been next to the UO for 100 years. I know they are lying. Basically, white racism works when white people are ignorant of their own history. BTW, I saved EWEB a lot of $ too. I managed and fund raised for their low income assistance programs. For every $1 EWEB spent EWEB got $1.70 back. When I was an undergrad the UO tried to recruit me for football. I didn't want to play for a losing team. I never was able to see an academic advisor again until I got to grad school. What does that sound like to you?
White people built the US and Canada I guess they had bette turn it over and see what life is like in South Africa and Detroit
Khan writes: “The arc of XENOPHOBIC terror – whether ‘inspired’ by the Islamic State or white supremacists – has recently increased in frequency and breadth.” (My emphasis.) However five of the seven places that she names were victimized by radical Islamists, although she doesn’t say so. Alexandria saw a socialist launching a violent assault on Republican legislators; call it Republicanophobia, not xenophobia. Only the Portland outrage could even generously be considered as an act of xenophobic terror. It is obvious that Khan uses words not to analyze events , but to deform and distort them. Why does the Globe give her a podium?
"We are thankful for the assistance of neighboring law enforcement agencies and want to remind the public that mushroom harvesting is not permitted anywhere in Crater Lake National Park,” Mihata said in a news release. Rangers are keeping the seized mushrooms as evidence, he said, and will eventually destroy them."  It was near the end. But I hope they destroy them sauteed in butter and white wine.
Your question should be  why is he pardoning the sentence of drug dealers be it white black or purple. Keep trying that black thing though you might get it right one of these days.
Remember, the KKK was formed by the Democratic party.  They not only went after African Americans, but white republicans too! It was the Republican party that sought an end to the KKK.  http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/kkk-founded
Wow, Jane!  What's with that remark?  To make a point, I chose to share with you some of my life story--I lived for 13 years in Tennessee before my family moved by to my dad's birth island (Big Island, Waipio Valley)--and you spit back a snide remark.  " . . . Who and what is being discussed at the moment?"  "Interpretation of racism?"  "Intensity of the discussion?"  Who knew so much was negotiable in Race Land.  To me, racism is black and white, no pun intended.   If people act or speak in ways that reveal they think their race is superior to others', then they are racist.  People can take pride in their culture and heritage without being racists.  People can take pride in other people's culture and heritage without being racists.  People could not care less about other people's culture and heritage without being racists.
Why do we call anti-white racism 'reverse racism' whereas racism directed at any other group is just plain racism?  Is the assumption that all racism comes from white people and anything against them must therefore we 'reverse'?  That term is racist all by itself.
From West Virginia to Michigan and every other state, people are rising up against a Congress and a White House that wants to codify economic inequality and structural racism through the federal budget. We are rising up against a government that wants to steal the dreams of Dreamers and the hopes of millions of other people who want the federal government to be at their side, not in the pockets of the 1 percent. We will be mobilized against this budget, and mobilized for a budget that actually reflects the priorities of all of us, not just Trump and his gang of white nationalists and oligarchs.
Thank you for the information and the graphs, very helpful to see it. We shall see if White Catholics finally run out of excuses for Mr. Trump, but it hasn't happened yet in my neighborhood.
Gee, wonder if Bannon will go on and on about working against Goldman Sachs, leaving our all references to his work with Goldman Sachs.   And while Bannon fakes standing up for plain old working folks, he's more than comfortably funded by the Mercers, ultra-wealthy supporters of Bannon, Breitbart, and other white nationalist organizations.   And throughout, the ignorant Bannon cult falls for his rhetoric while Trump, the keynote speaker, claims he's not a racist while appealing to his racist cult.
Majority of blacks are democrats.   New Black Panther Party | Southern Poverty Law... www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/grou...  The New Black Panther Party is a virulently racist and anti-Semitic organization whose leaders have encouraged violence against whites, Jews and law enforcement officers.
As a matter of fact I have been to the South.  I remember especially a trip there in the early 1950s and seeing AfricanAmericans in "the back of the bus"; seeing segregated public accomodations, seeing "WHITES ONLY" drinking fountains and being amazed at the racism and racial discrimination....and, yes, that Confederate flag was prominantly displayed.  Don't try to convince me the Confederate flag today doesn't represent racism and white supremacy.  Take a look at who proudly displays it as they march for White supremacy/ White nationalism.  Gary Crum
I think you'll find the opposite here in Hawaii.  Haoles are far and away the group most discriminated against in Hawaii.  There are of course outliers and exceptions to the rule (Angela Kaaihue for example), but in general, if people were to take the "Hawaii Civil Rights Commission" statements seriously then the vast majority of calls would come from haoles being mistreated by locals.  And no, "haole" is not a racial slur any more than "gentile" or "black" is.  It depends on the context.  It *can* be used offensively, but the word in and of itself is not offensive.  When you use it the way I'm using it, it is synonymous with "white person" or "caucasian."  And if the word "white person" or "caucasian" is not offensive, then neither should "haole" since it's just the Hawaiian word for the same term.    And finally, "haole" is NOT a contraction of "ha" and "ole" so I'm gonna preempt someone who is almost certainly gonna say something like that.
I would say the photo is not fake. It is a real photo. You even say it was taken in August 2015, admitting the photo is real. The question then becomes, does this family support Trump? If they do, then your whole premise is false. If Trump is saying this was taken at a Trump event, then that is the only false info about the photo. Something democrats are very good at doing. I do agree that if Trump said that 81% of whites are murdered by blacks, he is making a false statement. The statistic is factual, 81% of white murder victims are murdered by whites, not blacks. Only 14% are murdered by blacks. One statistic frequently not mentioned is that over 90% of black murder victims are murdered by blacks with a correspondingly low number murdered by whites.
The top five recommended books are all written either by a woman or a visible minority author.  Sorry, but in this age of loud identity politics, a la Justin Trudeau, that is an observation worth noting.  What one might ask with that observation is wide open.  Does it mean white males are lesser players today in the arena of popular book writing?  If so, does that mean there is an emergency situation that requires reflection on shortcomings in our education system and publishing industry?  Or does it simply mean that the columnist or editor wanted to display certain identity groups more prominently than the group that contains white males, and really there is no shortage of good books written by white males?  Hey, listen, I actually find over-use of identity politics to be a maladaptive bore, but in Canada of 2017 it actually is the game being played, so let's get all players on the ice to contribute to the new national sport - surely no sport should exclude players for race or gender.
I agree with there being need to change the law.  In fact some years ago in an editorial I suggested this--specifically, there should be a "Hubert Tunuchuk" law, mandating that when judges and prosecutors hand down ridiculously lenient sentences for white drivers who killed while driving impaired and/or as a result of hit-and-run, that said prosecutors and judges be required to PROVE that they didn't do so because they "identified" with the perpetrators because of shared social status and/or color, at the expense of their victims.  This clearly happened in the Tunuchuk/Bashore, Cope/Gross and Dusenbury/Ellis cases.  Before anyone objects that the victim in the latter was "white", recall that Ellis' daddy is an influential lawyer, who quite literally "had friends at court".
Have they forgot when an entitlement has been passed into law it's practically impossible to undue it. There are problems with the ACA and the previous administration have stated as much, but the answer is not repeal/replace. The only answer is,  all lawmakers get together and fix the flaws. It's amazing to me how badly these old rich white men and women want to erase the greatest POTUS of our lives far reaching achievements.
"This is all about racial injustice and white resentment that minorities no longer know their place in society. "  Anyone who says such a racies's trash needs to taste trash himself!  How otherwise, could he know what he is  dishing out brainlessly to the others in this country?  The racial prejudice a learned behaviors! That is a reason for his parent get the credit for his pethedict racial prejudices!
We can tell that even you don't believe what you've written because no one says Trump is "the founding father of white supremacists" and because of your claim that Trump waited two days because he was waiting for facts to come out. Trump does not work from facts, and he never waits to bloviate on any matter regardless of facts. In fact, Trump typically makes claims that are contradicted by facts, like the size of his inaugural crowd and his ludicrous claim about illegal voting.
Thanks for proving my point.  I suggest equality for all, you insinuate my opinion is that of a white supremacist. A term dripping with implied hate.
I am white and I'm not ashamed of it, should I be Jack?  I'm also not a white Nationalist. I am not ashamed to say that either.   It is  the socialist, anarchist, "resisters" who are the  true "fascio" nationalists racists, who put the state above the individual and is  symbolized by a bundle of rods held tightly together with rope, forced to speak and act  as "one"  That's not the American way, Jack.  Never has been and never will be. O O      Anyway, what is truly odd, is you actually agreeing with me for once.  The 2 CA  secessionists are both Trump haters....and yeah, both of 'em are "a****and a****" O O As far as I'm concerned, if California wants to leave, let them go.  Nobody would know they were gone. Buh, bye!
Regardless of Trumps condemnations, "Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, a Trump supporter who was in Charlottesville on Saturday, quickly replied. "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists,".   Trump's support  of violence during the campaign has only encouraged these Neo-Nazis to attack counter protesters. Trump encouraged this, Trump is to blame.
Hate isn't Christian, and Jesus wasn't white.
To what end? It's pointless. Should there be a class that analyses and bemoans the privilege of top actors, musicians, athletes, business executives, entrepreneurs, and scientists? Because they surely have more "privilege" than the vast majority of white people. Should we also call out Asians for their privilege? As a group, they're outperforming white people financially in education.   There's nothing good that can come out of  identifying and calling out people's "privilege" - only anger, resentment, and further political division. It's an insane and self-destructive drive.
It's Not... However, that is not and never was the issue. The issue is players using the NFL as a platform to spread anti-American, anti-white, racist hate and lies. You have a God given right to say any vile thing you want, and your employer has a God given right to fire you if you do!
Coming from So Cal as a boy and Reno before Oregon....don't worry Latino crime will catch up.  With graffitti and gang signs comes more crime....thats a fact you can see with you own two eyes...its just a fact,   and it doesn't mean white criminals are going to lessen.
Among all those statistics one item is curiously missing:   According to the Pew Research Center, white Catholics voted for Trump over Clinton by a margin of 60% to 37%. Among Hispanic Catholics the split was almost exactly the opposite: 67% for Clinton versus 26% for Trump.   Discuss.
Whether you like it or not Feeshon poor people tend to commit more crimes than any other class.    Inner cities within Chicago are predominantly black that's an easy target to pick on but there are cities that are predominantly white or Mexican and guess what the same problem occurs you see poor on poor crime.  In states like NM they have far fewer black citizens but still a very high rate of crime, that's because poverty doesn't have a race; If we filled philly & Chicago with poor people of any race & moved all the black people somewhere else you would still have the exact same problem.   I can't fathom how people are so quick to jump on race relations but can't seem to understand the socioeconomic & population issues surrounding crime. I'm not black but that doesn't mean I'm unsympathetic to any person believing that they should be able to survive nonlethal encounters with the law. Folks are lucky just to survive encounters with normal ppl anymore, who wants to worry about cops too?
A conspiracy theory a day keeps sanity away. We're actually living in safer times than most of history as life expectancy demonstrates. You seem almost giddy with relief at the idea this shooter wasn't the alt-right white nationalist recent events would cause us to expect.
Won't someone PLEASE think of the rich pampered old white men? They just never seem to get a break.
RE: "Think where "white-bread" Canadians were on this issue only a generation or so ago. Very encouraging, in my opinion."  I don't get what you mean by "white-bread." Without it, your sentence reads more clearly.
Tony, these groups, and the one that marched with torches last night in particular, were displaying swastikas, giving the Nazi salute, were chanting Nazi slogans. They chanted white supremacist slogans and chanted words for Jews and gay people that cannot be printed in the DP. What do you propose they be called?
Those are the facts as you chose to see them. Another viewpoint is that he is not racist at all and won't apologize for it. The Democrat led senate chose to label him, as they do so many others, as a racist and deny him the job.   Let us not forget, Reagan was called a racist, as was Nixon and Romney, every white Judge ever nominated to the Supreme Court or any other office that has power. It's what you guys do. It's guaranteed to happen every single time. Well, unless you have some real dirt.   But I am curious, why single out those "racists" and leave out some of the truly great ones like Robert Byrd or George Wallace? What value do the ones you (dis)like have that others don't share?
I see the original story is still a "sensitive topic" and as such, I am prohibited from commenting on it for 30 days, while I serve out my "sensitive topic" jail sentence and overall suppression of free speech by the "sensitive topic" civility police at ADN.    One comment from the original story compared 400 white guys from Anchorage and a mythical whale in SE and the right to kill a whale just like on the Kuskokwim River.  Had I been allowed to submit a response, I would have said that until the early twentieth century,  whaling ships, mostly funded and commanded by white guys, were responsible for hunting many whales to the brink of extinction, along with sea otters and walrus.  While I do not condone the wanton method employed in killing this whale by inexperienced hunters, I do think the whale was on a one-way trip, having traveled so far up a fresh water river.  I am glad that the harvested whale will feed many people in the area.
Actually, I think the author is inaccurate to the extent that immigrant Canadians represent many different ethnicities -- there is a tendency to regard all non-whites as a political monolith, and nothing could be further from the truth.  However, it is a fact of life that racial minorities have a preference for candidates of their own ethnicity, and it is not racist to point that out.  Look at who came out to vote for Obama in unprecedented numbers but stayed home when Hillary Clinton ran, even though it was on a nearly identical policy platform.
I think it is important not to call people names or state they are Satanic as some are doing.  This is an example of the black/white; good/evil; Manchean thinking the article raising questions about the "ecumenicism of intolerance" from sources "close to the Vatican" raised.  To move forward, we all need to dial down the emotional rhetoric, learn authentic dialogue skills, create safe places for people of differing points of view to come together to understand each others perspective (not necessarily agree with) in order to then work together to co-create true cultures of life reflective of our rich Catholic Social Teachings which are ground in the life and teachings of Jesus.
She throws them dog bones of white-bashing intermittently while lining her pockets, and it works.
White People. By an overwhelming Majority.
Funny how everyone wants to come to White nations though isn't it! I mean Mexico for Mexicans, India for Indians, China for Chinese, Japan for Japanese, ME for Arabs but White Nations for everyone?? Your anti white hatred shows? Why come here if you don't like music, pork, beer seeing women dressed normal, dogs? There is lots of room in the ME for you. Oh I know why they come here, it's for the welfare! I do miss the old days of European migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great! Built this country, defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with. You are anti white, please leave you aren't good enough for Canadian values, why don't we let smart hardworking Latino's or Asians in ?
Every single incident of what is perceived as racial intolerance is being broadcast to every news agency in the world. This is evidence (proof positive actually) that Trump is leading a bunch of bigots. No other proof is necessary other than it is White people showing the intolerance. When people of color demonstrate the same intolerance, it is just a natural reaction to the intolerance they have suffered since the days of slavery.
Miss Ann, I am sorry that you are disappointed with my comments but your bitter "white guilty man" comments do nothing more than really make me smile. What was a commentary about poor education in FN villages has been expanded by you into fount of vitriolic false statements of our society. I will be the first to say that bad things happened in the past and crimes were committed on each other by each other. But look at Europe that has suffered through thousands of years of hardship and warfare. Has it made beggers of most people living there? I think not. I will tell you as I have told others like you. If you do not like modern society and its' advantages, please feel free to drop out of it. Turn off your iphone.
Bill, that's an important question. Obviously I can't and would never say that you or anybody else I've never met is or isn't racist. However, to answer your question as a liberal, the problem is that we see clear patterns of behavior and thought, frequently repeated. We see speaking in code. We see rationalizations for a Muslim ban, a wall, and multiple incidents of people in authority being much tougher on people of color than on whites, for example. This is all wrapped up in case-specific arguments. But show me somebody who likes Trump, approves of a Muslim ban, criticizes BLM, disapproves of DACA, and equates Antifa to KKK and nazis, and I'll say there's a very high likelihood that this person is a racist bigot. No proof, but when we see the whole package, we certainly suspect. And it's a generalization, nothing specific to you, because I've never met you.
AgriSA's emphasis of black and government owned agri land potential should be read within the prevailing context - politically powerful people are making claims that black people own no agricultural land and, conversely, that white people own all the land. This appears not to be the case, especially in the more fertile Eastern Provinces. The reason why government and black owners are lumped together, is, presumably, to show how much land is not in the hands of white farmers.  Also it makes sense (via a concept such as land potential) to distinguish between, for instance, the huge and arid Northern Cape (almost completely white owned) and the more fertile Eastern Provinces (white ownership 52% of EC and 27% of KZN). In my opinion, the fact that a fertile farm is actually under utilised, should not lead to such farm being classified as having lower agricultural potential.   Thank you for drawing attention to this audit - let's hope it is further refined.
It's easier to say the process is all wrong as long as somebody else is doing it. If they take control of the inquiry they will be responsible for it,  and that is not going to happen. Trudeau will double the $53 million budget first to make sure white people are still blame worthy.
I interned in two different prosecutor's offices (yes, I know, you have actual experience as a prosecutor, and I don't), and during that time, I saw many incompetent defense attorneys.  I also worked pro bono for a while at a Peace and Justice Center, where I reviewed convictions.  I know some of the local public defenders.  Many people who end up pleading guilty at the local level are poorly represented.  I know that, in many parts of the country, black people are stopped by police and arrested with far higher frequency than whites.   Racism is part of the system.  Read Michelle Alexander's book.
The biggest story going into the final round is Sergio. It would help if your reporting is devoid of so much "whiteness" and promulgating the "Great White Hope" angle that has been the continuing saga of professional golf since Tiger put all of you to shame.
Viz the consolidation of the Conn parishes:  this is what happens when faith is lost.  The buildings are mere white elephants (sepulchers?) to be surplused or discarded.  I note the picture accompanying the article shows communion in the hand.  Could there be a connection? ...hmmm....
Why is it the official position of provincial governments to inflame racial tension in the classroom and damage race relations more broadly? In what possible way is it useful to focus students, non-white students on the existence of a nebulous property called "white privilege"?  The concept itself is absurd within the context of Canada -- whites are not the highest earners, we don't have the highest level of educational attainment, we're incarcerated at higher rates than certain groups and, apart from Amerindians, we're most affected by the opioid crisis.  Flooding Canada with non-whites while demonizing whites is NOT in our interest. This needs to be resisted in a serious way. If you learn of your children or their non-white peers being poisoned against us, intervene. Push back.
Generally, I like Don Kale and his observations. However, this op-ed piece shows his comfort with his white privilege. He managed to write about the founding of the nation with out mentioning white racism, race based slavery, and ethnic cleansing of the locals. To ignore these facts and be paid for writing about American history is a white privilege. This nation would not exist without those events. Heck, the southern colonies would never have joined the "Revolution" without protection of race based slavery. The proof is in the original Constitution. The Electoral College is still serving the function of serving white supremacy. The election of Trump, with less than the popular vote is proof. BTW, Trump voters love the original Constitution. There are no rights for non-white people in that Constitution.
It's "whining," huh? I'm stating a historical truth - the US doesn't know how to effect equality, freedom or justice, or any of the other virtues it drones on about incessantly, and it never has. The real religion of the country is exploitation of someone somewhere all the time.  White Americans just don't want it to be them.    You are wrong again - MOST Americans voted for Clinton, by a greater margin than Kennedy's election over Nixon.  I know facts are pesky things, like Trump's open and in-your-face abuse of women, his stiffing of people who worked for him, his numerous bankruptcies that allowed him to bail on his many failures, his hundreds of lawsuits, and his narcissistic vindictiveness that keeps him up all hours tweeting about beauty pageant contestants.  Reality, however, has a way of winning.  I'm glad you got him, too.  I can think of people who deserve him more, but you certainly deserve what's coming.
"Black Lives Matter"....."All Lives Matter".......it doesn't matter what shade of white or brown a person is: if the life of the person with the belief matters, then they should behave in a manner that exhibits that they ACTUALLY believe it. Black, or brown, is not more important than white, nor is white more important than black or brown. If you believe your life matters, then hold YOURSELF accountable and stop blaming your behaviors on low ambition, high self-gratification and your skin color.
Kinda unbelievable.  Trump s going to go down in history as a White Supremacist President.  His only way around it is to put down the White Supremacist movement.    Amazing.
The budget is opposed by many Republican legislators and most Democrats.  It arrives DOA.  meanwhile it really exposes trump as a fraud who took his poorly educated angry white rural supporters for a ride.  He is just a sleazy plutocrat serving the usual interests of the very rich.
What then is the point of any protest march?  Did the women's marches for the right to vote 100 years ago accomplish nothing? Or did they serve to bring attention to a wrong that needed righting?  Did the protest marches against the Viet Nam war accomplish nothing? Or did they lead people to  look more closely at the war, what was happening, and think about whether or not the US should continue to fight there?  The civil rights marches - that eventually brought an end to most anti-African American laws and legal discrimination in schools, restaurants, buses, housing jobs - did these marches have a point?   Right now there seems to be a threat that the US may turn back to an era when women, gays, and racial and religious minorities were treated as less than equal to white males, to an era when women and  racial and religious minorities felt they would not be heard or given justice if opposed by a white male in power.  Should they stand by passively, or should they publicly protest?
oh dear AR you miss the point if ALL students read for example an African author instead of white man Shakespeare then the non-Africans would not find it "relevant" or "would not relate" - that is the whole point of this political correctness
The democrats had more success with a slow, stealth type takeover of the country in the past (hiding their leftist ideology while finding clever ways to slowly implement it).  The democrats are now "in your face" with their ideology, with bathroom issues, hating white people (because the quit voting democrat), pro-illegal immigration (to pack the country with non-white people to vote democrat), etc.  This brings their ideology out in the open and the people are now rising up against it (like electing Trump, an outsider).  The GOP was letting this all happen and was refusing to listen to its voters, which got Trump elected.  The people are rising up after being complacent in the past  and my hope is that the people stay engaged and continue to fight and that Trump crushes the democrats and saves America.
that should say 'birthed by white men'.
I'm sorry, but I'm a white guy with an odd last name and it happens to me too ALL THE TIME. The issue here is an incredibly rude hostess, not a backlash to multiculturalism.
thats not how law works, thats how white supremacy works
Being white and all, can someone please enlighten me about my obligations?
If meant as a weapon against people, prosecution is warranted. Agaisnt a Klucker flag, burn baby burn. I am sure plenty of Beaureguard's were carrying sticks. You can also lose an eye. Let’s look at the case for equivalence. There were what, 20 violent leftists and hundreds who were not. Compare that to the right, where everyone showed up with a longing for everyone else to know their place. The ironic thing is that white people are the result of a nasty Neanderthal and Homo Sapien mix (4% Neander DNA). African Americans have 2% or less. Africans are 0% mixed with the inferior Neander genes. The white marchers are, therefore, bragging about their inferiority. No wonder they want the affirmative action of segregation.
Just because j Sievers doesn't think the same way as you about this issue, how does that make him "white privileged"?  Sports is not the place to make political statements.  Period.  Lots of other ways to do it.  These athletes are being paid to entertain their fans - just do the job!
I agree with the student that "this is a racist ideology" towards white people. The mere term "white privelage" is a generalization in itself, as if all white people are one homogenous group and whatever they have in life is somehow unearned. Next on the lesson plan "Mexican laziness" and "why all Asians are good at math".
The HRC defines racial discrimination only as what is suffered by visible, racial, women and gender minorities . White people, especially white men can not apply for a discrimination case by the  HRC no matter how egregious the discrimination may be. White people are assumed to cause  discrimination but are not legal recourse if they suffer it.
I applaud this new willingness to focus on high-school educated white males. However, Hillary Clinton only won one white demographic - college educated white females.  Among whites, Trump won every age group, every other education level and every religion - millenials, Gen X'ers, Baby Boomers, high-school educated men and women, college-educated men, Protestants, Catholics, Mormons. Also, before anyone rails against "uneducated" white people, remember that Clinton lost college-educated white men by a 15 point margin.
In our current era of "fake news" and "alternative facts", it would be refreshing if President Trump made it crystal clear that hate has no standing anywhere in our country. By specifically calling out those white supremacy groups involved yesterday by name for denouncement he would have sent a strong signal that mindless violence is not protected speech and won't be tolerated. By not calling out these partisans of discord and fear mongering the president gives them a perceived license to continue their nefarious goals. Turn on that light Mr. President and let's see what scurries away.
completely agree. As a recent East Graduate (2008) looking back on it, there was quite a bit of postmodernist crap. Namely mandatory 'diversity day' where we were supposed to sit there and feel bad about being white while praising literally everyone who wasn't a cis-het white male
She wrote a screed about a Western chauvinist/racist men's group plus some white men who protested not being allowed to go to a movie, the poor dears.  It's not unfair to mock people who are being offensive or silly.  The cheap rhetorical tactic is to pretend she's criticizing all white men when she's clearly mocking the minority of them who are acting out because they get offended when it's not always about them.
Regardless of whether she was born in Canada or not, for her express such disdain for her country is sad and her hatred for white people downright racist.  And please do not give me that nonsense about "can't be racist against white people".  It empowers people like this one to make unconstitutional hate speeches such as she has done.  However, since she is Muslim, everyone is hesitant to call her out on it for fear of being labeled a racist.
It is possible that the Democrats have put themselves in a position where it is difficult for a white candidate to get the base to vote.
Are you serious? White Catholics put him in office. Racism, sexism, homophobia and all manner of greed and hate, were the motives for those who threw their lot with the Donald.
My original comment was in response to the following :   Conservative Catholics?" If we are going to confront the "fake news and the election of Donald Trump," let's start with some that truth telling: 'Conservative Catholics' is code for angry and afraid white folks. Among the ways that the media has got it wrong is it's complicity in making many white people more comfortable in expressing and acting out their prejudices and fears. Another comment  was then posted in response to me  :  The "whitelash" phenomena cuts too close to the bone? — Jim Jenkins.     I  then inquired  what whitelash pertains to and you responded with a non answer.  Is that clear enough for you.    You have no answers, just nonsense responses.  Are you sure you don't post under the name  Walter Rogers as well?  It is like pulling teeth to get a simple straight forward answer from either of you.
So you're willing to talk about the Summer of the Gun, but NOT the misplaced white bro angst?  Shocker.
You realize that whites are about 63% of the population, right? That African Americans are, what, 12%? Hispanic 17%? 5.6% Asian? 0.9% Native American? The point being rudely made is of disproportionate usage of welfare compared to population representation, not absolute numbers.
The standards of civility and sensitivity are extremely high at this point in time.  Perhaps he was attempting to be cultural sensitive or perhaps he was clueless.  In either case it seems that this is a teachable moment for all to examine their own ideas of what is required during this time of challenge and change in our society.  My wife, southern bred and white, just loves cornbread and collard greens and grits.  Perhaps the Black students are too sensitive and perhaps the university president is not sensitive enough.
Yeah everybody needs to treat those sensitive white people who voted for Trump out of racial resentment with kid gloves. Or they might get out their ropes.
UMMMM who illegally killed the endangered whale, left the meat to rot and admitted it? Asians? Nope.... White man? Nope ...African American?  Nope.... Pacific Islander? Nope.. Alaskan native? BINGO!!! Nothing racist about it. The only thing racist is due to their race they were allowed to walk, what other reason can you think off? If a village of Black Americans murdered an endangered whale and left the meat to rot do you think they would have walked away free? And yet again your name calling does nothing to help your racist remark. Why do you insist they did not do wrong? Let me guess, you are one of them from Toksook Bay?
They're useless if the person you want to refuse service to is a member of a protected class. Being disruptive, drunk, etc., is unlikely to give you sufficient cause to remove them unless they are a white, heterosexual, non-disabled male who is not a member of a religious minority with distinct features.
We are all minorities. The Japanese never had more than 30% of the population. And when they were first coming to Hawaii the majority of the population was Hawaiian. And at that time wealthy Hawaiians and white folk had all the power.   Nope... the real biases were against orientals. Its well known why we have so many Chinese Hawaiians. The Chinese were discriminated against and were only allowed to buy land when they married Hawaiian women.  The Japanese never really took power. After being discriminated against so long they re-organise the Democratic party to return power to the people. Everybody voted them into office voluntarily.
Why do you assume self-segregation is necessarily "an issue"? That's how people are. Latinos come here and live with Latinos, and now we have Arab communities and so forth. They weren't forced there by a gun with a racist white man on the other side of it. They chose that THEMSELVES, and who says it's necessarily wrong?
Mr. Osman,   I do not see Mr. Hanohano putting words in your mouth.  I see you misinterpreting what he is saying.    You're building a strawman argument when you endeavor a fallacy by suggesting that the Native Hawaiian pursuit of federal recognition through established United States procedure is racist and that it deprives you of your right to own land, vote, and hold political office.  None of that is true and you perpetuating a lie.    You're also endeavoring a logical fallacy, when you suggest that any of us here are blaming Whites for "everything wrong in Hawaii."  NO ONE is saying that here.    Systematic oppression obviously has an origin.  The systematic oppression of Blacks in America has racist origins.  The systematic oppression of Native Hawaiians in Hawai'i was borne out of a racist movement that overthrew Native Hawaiian agency.  Failing to recognize that is a failure to recognize the source of the problem.   Whites aren't the problem.  Racism is.
I wonder if the picture in the article is a stock photo or from this year's early voting. I see a lot of old white men in the picture. I wonder if they're angry?
BC,   Your positions are always so black or white. No border is impermeable and no law is perfect. While some guns do indeed get through our borders today, far fewer do as a result of our controls. Moreover, statistics bear out that Canada is a far safer country to live in as a result of our controls on firearm possession and use. As for alcohol, tobacco, and drugs, I do not support prohibition policies.
Sounds like APD exercised amazing constraint, in order to save this man's life and to protect surrounding neighbors. Had we been in Cleveland, this man would be dead long ago. Or maybe perhaps it's because he was white? Food for thought people...
So that is what AK Snowman was meaning? They were getting off the topic at hand and talking about white vs black conceal carry, even though this wasn't a race issue and the police that shot the man was black? Ok, now I get it. AK Snowman must have ADD.
Uh, no.  Those numbers pertain to votes that were cast, not to the total eligible voter population.  Big difference. . The problem with vote suppression is generally the votes that were not cast.  For every 100 votes not cast, the Republicans lose 20 - 25 votes; the Democrats lose 75 - 80 votes.  That is why Nate Silver was using a 3:1  estimator.  That is the slope of the curve at a 50% - 60% voter participation rate. . West of the crest of the Appalachians, and south of the Susquehanna, the whiter, poorer, more rural,  more poorly educated, and more evangelical Christian a county is, the more strongly it voted for Mitt Romney, and the more strongly it voted for Donald Trump. . Donald Trump's victory came from getting poor, blue collar whites and a fair number of blacks in the Great Lakes basin simply to stay home on election day as a result of vilifying Hilary Clinton.
In this particular case. both the protestor and Alt-right are on the same side it appears.     Let me modify that a bit.  The racist are quick to show support for President Trump.   I would not say all Republicans are at all happy standing next to any of these white supremacist groups.    Clearly President Trump is trying to keep them as his voters, but President Trump does not speak for all conservative Republicans - as we can see from public comments in the last 24 hours.
"extreme right-wing wacko sites"? "these folks are totally bonkers?"? Hardly! And here is another. http://sentinel.ht/2016/07/30/irs-opens-investigation-clinton-foundation/  It's truly a very sad day both in and for America despite the fact that all the links I posted were produced and provided testimony by 1.] Minority people 2.] People of color 3.] Some being Haitian disaster victims themselves. Youtube film simply doesn't lie. Making your reply nothing but a poisonous partisan narrative of regurgitated garbage.   What is so truly sad is to learn the Clintons, some of their cronies, some of their Clintonite supporters, an obvious growing number of unknown white democrats are in fact the new face of KKK Klansman.  The monetary thievery, the obvious non-support, the shear oppression, the personal enrichment of the Clintons and their friends, the democrat party at the expense of the Haitians is nothing short of racial bigotry!
I'm not sure white privilege means what you think it means. It doesn't mean that no one has ever been mean to you. It simply means that by and large, white folks have many advantages in society that we often don't think about and that others don't have. It doesn't mean your whole life was a cakewalk.
Yeah, Trump Worshipers, he's one of you, alright. He's white.
While in another context I might have agreed with you, in this one you display the self-absorbed complacency of someone who has never been subjected to institutionalized discrimination.  You've never come into a town where you couldn't find a public restroom, for example, that wasn't 'whites only.'  So pardon me if I don't take your 'thick-skinned' boast very seriously.
You're not funny, not at all.   You don't chose to acknowledge the violence committed against black citizens in America.  You defend the KKK while admitting you don't have a shred of knowledge about them yourself.   One does not need to know a KKK member, and I most certainly would not have a KKK friend, to read, see and hear their screed of hate and read of their long history of violence against blacks.   I am less familiar with their anti-semitism, but it's a safe assumption it's part of the love of Nazi history that goes along with white supremacist group.    The fact that you are ignorant on the activities of either of these groups only makes you common, not exceptional.     I'm not calling you racist or bigoted Out, but I can't find the tolerance for your lack of caring or understanding these far right groups  after 60 + years in this country.      The thing you got right is that the nation will never be free of bigotry.   Humans Can chose wisdom over impulse.
You mean like how the actual listing for the Chief Science Advisor calls for applications from non-white males?  You don't believe me?  Check this out:  https://www.appointments-nominations.gc.ca/slctnPrcs.asp?lang=eng&SelectionProcessId=A2E3CD92-9963-40FF-906A-D4550223C164
Why is he unwilling to denounce white nationalists and Nazis?
Your last 3 paragraphs add to a dialogue.  "Conservative" is not the same as extreme. Nor liberal. Extremists co-opted the term conservative. We should reject binary either/or and embrace both/and. Grey is larger than black and white. A point of the La Civilta article, no?  "Tentative leadership" is taking a stand.  Is this article birthing a new form of leadership?  Significant the authors of La Civilta are Protestant and Catholic , bringing to the table 2 dominant players in Christian divergence. The RCC is the singular majority Christian group and invited the Protestant pastor to the table to write this watershed article.  Currently, Republicans are talking about Democrats being at the table for the reform of healthcare.  Republicans are the majority; they have yet to invite the Democrats to the table.   In the issue of extreme religious interpretation the Vatican has invited Protestant equality to discern conflict.  Affirm: each need to clean their own house! Dems and Reps, too!
Not mittens, wool gloves (albeit girly white).  But that wasn't your point. Although it's unclear what your point is. Which, by definition, makes it pointless.  Why am I writing this?  Even more worrisome:  Why are you reading this?
Aleppo streets have erupted in celebrations - the head-choppers and their so-called moderate rebel friends have been defeated.  All the Glob & Male can think about is writing how bad it is for their US-created  friends the 'white helmuts' - the worst kind of journalistic opportunism pure and simple.
Old white males are the power force of the GOTP. I belong in that category also, but as a progressive liberal democrat, I reject most of their governing policies which I believe are regressive and meant to keep their power base for as long as possible.  Inevitably our multi-cultural society will evolve to serve the needs and aspirations of the majority of citizens. I would love to be around when it happens. Liberty and JUSTICE for all. Is this a great country or what? God bless the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.  Happy 4th of July.
The media has been clear in their criticism of Trump:  In his initial statement, he failed to single out racist groups even though it was a member of those groups who committed murder. Two days later, he issued a statement in which he singled out Nazis and the KKK as evil, but then the very next day he went back to his original statement, saying everyone was at fault.  You are, of course, free to interpret Trump's words for yourself, but when an Islamic terrorist commits an act of violence on US soil, Trump is quick to criticize the terrorist and Muslims in general.  Why, then, does he fail - not once, but twice - to call out white supremacists when they commit an act of domestic terrorism?  Why would he blame BOTH sides?  Only one guy was driving that car.  You can hurl whatever insults you want, but a lot of people are perfectly capable of noticing Trump's inconsistent behaviour and asking why racists get it easier than Muslims when they commit murder.
As an exercise for our Modern Civil Rights in America class today, go through Mr. Dalton's post and substitute the word "Black" for "white", and "Detroit" for "Kansas".  Question #1.  Does this substitution change the tone of the remarks in any meaningful way?  Question #2.  Which version of the quoted passage would be more likely to involve the writer in "hate speech" litigation?
Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in South Carolina - White American Male Sandy Hook  - White American Male Aurora Theater - White American Male Fort Hood - White American Male Colorado Springs - White American Male Columbine High School - White American Males Umpqua Community College - White American Male Isla Vista - White American Male  This list is just a start - but go ahead and cherry pick events all you want!
Let's say it for what it is and nobody will acknowledge. GENTRIFICATION is all that matters to the so called city "leaders". As long as it's appealing to white, it's right. This city is doing absolutely EVERYTHING it can to disenfranchise lower income folks,the disadvantaged, the marginalized, destroy any neighborhood that were comprised of people of color so that WHITE people can be happy in THEIR new surroundings.  Anyone who doesn't acknowledge this truth has their heads up their...anyway, many of us realize and in no way will deny the truth, and that is that GENTRIFICATION is simply the last vestiges of white mans colonization of everything, Manifest Destiny.
white protesters, living in recently gentrified neighborhood, protesting local business citing distasteful global white colonization....man it doesn't get more portlandy then that. maybe they could have dropped the colonial part of the name and called it "old world" or "saffron crown".  or something more disarming....
Your statistic should include a body count. The Islamic terror body count is on par if not greater and remember Muslim men are just 1% of North America's population. White men are about 35% of North America's population.
Recent Catholic Voting History:  --President George W. Bush won the Catholic vote, 52 percent to 47 percent, in his 2004 re-election effort, according to exit polls from that cycle. President Barack Obama won the group (which made up 27 percent of the electorate, according to exit polling), 54 percent to 45 percent, during his bid for the White House in 2008.  But to call the Catholic vote a pure bellwether would be a mistake; the determination of an individual’s vote is more likely in 2012 to turn on more common political variables (like income, education, or ethnicity) – than simple religious identity. nBC  --Catholics - the country's largest religious group with one-quarter of the population - have supported the winner of the popular vote in every election since 1972. Reuters/Ipsos exit polling found that 51 percent of Catholics favored President Barack Obama, compared with 48 percent for Republican contender Reuters
The totally ironic statement about Wazdat's statement is that this whole Charlottesville incident started because White Supremacists are going (still) mad over losing the Civil War.  Hey.  Kumbaya.  Get over it.
I don't agree with or condone the views or actions of white nationalists or white supremacists or the KKK or neo-Nazis or any group that promotes intolerance, bigotry and/or racism.   But, why don't U.S. and Canadian governments strengthen the laws against hate speech, pass laws to stop hate groups for being able to gather or assemble in pubic and pass laws to ban any group that encourages and/or promotes hate, intolerance. bigotry and/or racism?  Having said that, should people in Canada be allowed to gather, protest and speak out against those people who are entering Canada illegally?  Should people in the U.S.A., Canada and other western countries be allowed to gather, protest and speak out against people who are attacking, killing and injuring innocent civilians in the U.S.A. and in Canada and in countries, like France, Belgium, Germany, Spain and now Finland, in Europe and in many other counties around the world?
As long as Bannon and Gorka occupy the White House, and as long as Trump remains evasive about white supremacy and biogtry, he remains the visible tool of fringe nationalism.  Couple that with his consistent adoration for Putin...all normal Americans appropriately deduce that he has a severe lean toward fascism.   "Where there is an action, there is always a reaction".  The real patriots are the increasing number of young people who aren't afraid to take on the kkk and nazis on the streets, even if doing so means personal distress and possibly death.  God bless them, one and all, for they understand the risks to their futures if white nationalists go unchallenged.
The irony of this comment is staggering. Wouldn't want to mansplain it, might be too triggering for any POC in this space, especially me being a cis white male with all my privilege.
I saw Yellowman at a club on South Street Philadelphia about1985. The club was packed, I was one of only a handful of white faces, but everyone was cosmopolitan, friendly, and dressed up (including me, I wore a nice shirt and slacks with good shoes and sat at the bar). His act was great, the music was great, and the Afro crowd was really hip. The place rocked. Same place, I saw some great Latino/jazz acts.
So you think all Muslims support ISIS? That is like saying all white people support a certain cross-burning organization in the South.  You have to be tough on terrorism. To do that,you have to get support and cooperation from the Muslim community. In India, which has very few ISIS members despite having 180 million Muslims (the second or third largest number of Muslims in the world), the police work hard with parents to prevent kids from joining ISIS. Blaming and punishing a whole community only creates a civil war like situation.
I for one would rather be discussing the merits of legislation and debate the philosophical issues surroundingn policy, rather than wondering whether tomorrow, POTUS is going to whip the White Supremacist movement into some sort of milita offensive across the country, or push the button to deploy the nukes he is fascinated with ("we have them, why not use them?"), or send American soldiers off to war in order to distract Americans from his disorder.
The Republican Party cynically and deliberately embraced a strategy doomed by demographics. They serve their wealthiest supporters in using the politics of division to pit bigots, Christian fundamentalists, rural residents and the less-educated white working class and lower middle class against blacks, Hispanics, urban residents and the educated middle class and upper middle class.  If the GOP even has a soul to buy back, it's rancid. Time to spend a decade or two in the wilderness rebuilding a party fit for the 21st century.
Fascists and white nationalists are attacking H R McMaster for firing Trump appointees, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the NSC’s, senior director for intelligence programs; Rich Higgins, the NSC’s director for strategic planning; and Derek Harvey, the NSC’s senior director for the Middle East.  Of course, as far as anyone else is concerned, McMaster firing Trump's cadre of white supremacists and wanna-be fascists is a step in the right direction.
"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free"  In tRump's Amerikkka the phrase from the Statue of liberty has been turned into, "Keep out anyone who isn't white enough yearning to breathe free because the white people we already have are afraid."
Because judges are to represent society as a whole.  A homogeneous group of judges would not be able to do so. Diversity is best for every one. Diversity most offends those that previously had a lock on the jobs, white males. I'm a white male, btw.
Well NCR clearly tends toward supporting abortion, which is the same thing as slavery...giving in this case women (instead of white men) the decision as to what constitutes a full person, first second or third trimester.  1/3 vs. 3/5ths!
Yea! The Woolworth lunch counter was not the right venue either, I mean people just wanted to eat. Same with the Montgomery buses, people just wanted to get to work. How were people supposed to go travel from Selma to Montgomery when those marchers chose the wrong venue and blocked traffic? (   Let's be real, there is no right venue when "they" want to fight for justice. "They" just keep moving the goal posts after all and "they" should just be grateful that people like to watch "them" perform in the manor people allow. "They" shouldn't be uppity am I right?   (For those who missed the dog whistles, insert "white" before "people" and "they" in Como's post and this response = people of color. Distill it down and Trump, his supporters and all the other offended white people really share this mentality.)
Interesting. We are learning so much about our democracy (what not to do!).  Personally, I think we need to move away from the leadership cult. When voting in a national election, voters should be able to see and evaluate proposed lists of MPs, which should include CVs (who has more good than bad people on their lists?). Further, I think parties should also present candidates for cabinet positions during the election instead of a president given absolute power to make it up as he goes along according to how he is feeling that day.  I have been reading about the Vatican Bank scandal (white men in frocks behaving very badly). Money laundering, fraud, theft for self-enrichment and murder (it was not only Calvi who died - some were blatantly gunned down in the street) were all part of the sordid sage. What is interesting is that this all took place in a system with an absolute ruler and leadership cult. It is a system of governance that has shown to allow evil to flourish.
Really whites can get executed just as much tired of people bringing color into everything these days! This isn't Jasper. And as to the cost issue! How much does rope cost again?
Is it uncivil of me to ask, did you say, "Just ride a different bus, Ms. Parks! Let the white people have their convictions that you belong at the back if on the bus at all, it's their morality, and quit trying to shove your new morality down their throats."   Are you the one who said,  "Oh, I'm sorry Anne Frank, those Nazis have their philosophy that you are vermin, so, so you should just go find another country to live in, you know, one that might be in alignment with your way of life." Maybe it's uncivilized for me to ask, but I cannot immediately think of a better way to try to help someone see this point.
Grouping European social democratic governments with the socialist movement is an equally false equivalence. They are as dissimilar from socialism as socialism is from communism. Equally, the Japanese welfare state is grounded in the Japanese philosophy of service, from the Emperor to the Samurai and down to the farmer. It has nothing to do with socialist philosophy.   All this socialism/communism nonsense detracts from the purpose of this article, which is to stop white South Africans from complaining about the corruption ingrained in the soul of the ANC.  We should not complain, because OUR government (it is the responsibility of ALL whites, because it was white), was underhand and corrupt and was assisted by other underhand and corrupt whites. We shouldn't complain because we are racists at heart and merely reveal our racism when we do.   I refuse to accept the current wrongs and leave it to other people to fix. I still have a vote, a voice and a role to play before I bow out..
There are those who are categorically anti-immigrant. No one is considered acceptable except white immigrants from Northern Europe and even those should be limited.
Yeah, I have a lot of faith in law enforcement crime profiling (less, much less, in law enforcement traffic stop profiling).  It's generally based on science and evidence that is subject to a lot of vetting, rather than personal views.    I'm willing to be this guy's actual profile will be very uncomfortable  and inconvenient for many people.  Especially because the typical "boxes", so far, aren't the ones conveniently available and he doesn't fit into any sort of typical narrative.  White guy shooting at a crowd that anyone in the world would expect to be comprised of mainly white people?  The response is confusion and head scratching.  But, I think (although we may not be given insight that's necessary to fully understand it) that It's not that complicated.     This guy died lonely.  It was a cause, an effect, and a fault (both his and our society's).
Just curious -every other report I have read does not include the race of the officers involved. Where did you get the information that the officer is white? Even this article does not say.
I am not saying he cannot kneel. I wouldn't ban it. I fought to protect the right to do so. In the same breath though if your kneeling causes division, hate and hurt way keep doing it. There are plenty of platforms and avenues that you can go down that wouldn't be helping divide the country. Be active in your communities, reach out to the police like he has done, reach out to the neighborhoods that you feel are affected by discrimination and violence. I do not condone these Nazi's, white supremacist folks are anyone else that think they are better than anyone else based on any aspect. We are all part of humanity, we either conform to society's standards and are accepted as such or we don't and get judged for it. There is a better way to fight this and I am just talking personally I will not support the actions. Do I support the cause? Yes. I do not support the avenue in which they have chosen though.
These latest barbaric edicts from Trump are just part of a not so subtle plan by he and his white, male, Christian cronies to please their base of bigots, racists and male chauvinists. The odds of being killed by a refugee or an asylum seeker in the USA are infinitely lower than being killed accidentally by a toddler playing with one of the 350 million or so guns being left on car seats, couches and kitchen tables. In the past 10 years, about 70 people have been killed by terrorists in the US as compared to nearly 375,0000 killed by just normal gun violence (toddlers under age 3 shoot someone about once a week in the US).  With the election of Donald Trump, the USA is shedding everything it stands for and what made it great. Sadly, the "great" America will be gone.
Thank you for your comment about the offensive term "people of color". I also find it insulting and discriminatory, especially because it attempts to draw a line between those who are "white" and everyone else.
Hi muckamuck,  I would argue that true conservatism implies small government, limited regulation, open markets, strong defense, free trade, and the like. None of that follows any racial line.  Asian American voters, until the early nineties, leaned Republican, and Hispanic American voters were divided far more evenly between the parties than today. The big shift to the Democrats with both groups began when the xenophobic wing of the Republican Party started to assert itself more powerfully in the 1990s through talk radio, Fox News and later, far right internet sites. None of these, to me, represent true conservatism, which is a philosophical approach toward governance. They are simply outlets for reactionary white nationalism, and the Republican Party played these people for electoral support at the cost of conservative principles.  I would add that I consider myself a centrist, not a conservative. There are ideas in conservatism I embrace, but I don't buy the entire package.
Religion is OK as long as its not imposed on others.  In this case it IS being imposed on secular schools. The fact its done in another room is no excuse.  It is sanctioned by the school and creates a religious division. Every religion has violent extremists.  Neo-nazis, white supremacists, KKK, Jewish defence league, IRS, jihadists.  The difference is: most are excluded from their religious centres. The problem arises when they are tolerated and protected within their religious communities.  As are some of the above.
Just what we need, another race-based, bigoted Anchor Point comment.  It's only race-based if you see it that way.  Do you see all nationwide majority White campuses race-based, Anchor Point?  Naw.  I didn't think so.
Ja well no fine. I suspect that just like everything else the government/ANC is incapable of doing it's job and therefore also incapable of implementing Zuma's RET. Do they really know how to nationalise the banks, expropriate land, etc. and expect no push back from the middle class and WEC?  They seemed to have learnt nothing from the 2016 elections. I often think that when government/Zuma makes a pronouncement that they/he thinks it will somehow just magically come to pass.  There is a massive disconnect between them proclaiming a policy and the actual doing of said policy. Where "WEC" tends to do what it says it will do, the opposite holds true for government and IMO I think this has a lot to do with the resentment towards whites and "WEC".  They just can't seem to make the connection that they actually have to do some actual work towards achieving their pronouncements. I agree with Jonas its all BS and it must/will be resisted.
Time to start punishing people who kill others with vehicles and then run away....is it only well off, lawyered up, white people who get away with this crime?  Wonder what happened to the middle aged African American man who ran over & killed a young girl from a village at the Barnes & Noble parking lot a couple of summers ago?  Did he do time?...or did he have a REALLY good lawyer?  And, finally....are State workers who test these young people for their drivers licenses doing anything to emphasize how LOW and how inhumane this crime is?..  There should be  some proactive education going on at the State level.....perhaps some well done PSA ads aimed at young people......tv & radio ads  God Bless Brian Ballots soul.
Huh? What does Obama and Punahou have to do with aa? Obama as upper class as any white person? What the heck are you saying? Did you pass a drug test to become a teacher or are you in a union?
This is b.s. white people keep trying to make it about disrespect for the troops. It seems as though they had no issue with the police with police disrespecting and killing black people.  I served in the USAF and I thought the reason we serve is for EVERYONE freedom and liberty. Funny how it seems to be an issue with black people protesting peacefully. For those of you that don't know, it was an NFL player that also served that asked Kapernic (Not sure of spelling) to neal as opposed to sitting. If you don't like most of you don't give a damn when you see a veteran out of work or could care less when you see a homeless veteran but black people are protesting so it's disrespectful. So, instead of thinking you're doing something because you found you a cause for the moment, try acting like a human being and stand up for the atrocities that the police get away with committing against unarmed citizens. (Not referring to or defending criminals.
That's a fair point, Patrick.  You are absolutely right that it's not up to me to judge whether you or any other person of color should be offended.  I'm also not someone who thinks people of color have it "good" here (I have heard the opposite) and I'm definitely not someone who thinks white Oregonians are not racist. This state was founded as a racist utopia and continues to be very, very racist.  If that's the vibe I was giving you, I am sorry, because that's not what I intended. Being a person of color is hard everywhere in America and Portland is not only not an exception to that but probably worse than many places.  I know Tyler and I felt like he wasn't coming from a bad place in his post. I felt like he was explaining a situation where he learned a *good* lesson about race.  But if you and Carlos felt like he was belittling people of color I shouldn't be trying to argue otherwise. If you do want to explain how specific parts made you feel I'll read that and process it.
Nenshi pulled the race card.And it's not the first time.He said back in 2014 that City Hall was too white and too male.Not enough diversity.Funny how diversity is never an issue when discussing Calgary's racially homogenous taxi service.Hopefully he gets turfed on Monday.The only bigger narcissist in Canadian politics is Justin Trudeau.
The data I cited are from the Alaska Dept of Fish and Game.  Even if 100 people trapped from your village it would still represent a small % of trappers in the state, most of which are white and trap "recreationally".
Britain should grant white South Africans special immigration rights.  We all live in constant fear.  The British people had a hugely negative influence in this country since way before the Anglo-Boer wars.  We are a stateless people, and Britain had a huge part to play in that.  We should be granted a chance to start over again in England. Show us some hospitality after you've colonised us, killed us, murdered 20000 women and children, sanctioned us, and now in this day and age, helped to demonise us and increase the danger we find ourselves in a hundredfold. Perhaps then we will forgive you.
I gave a few commenters "likes" on this subject, because I agree with their negative opinions about teaching "White Privilege."  But I wonder.   In 1936, when Japanese Canadian delegation approached Ottawa to request the right to vote, an MP got to his feet in the House and called it "claptrap" and "sob-stuff." Not ancient history; it was 1936. As WW II neared its end, he also said, "This is a white-man's country and we want it left a white-man's country." He had lots of support inside the House, from over a dozen west coast MPs. The Vancouver Island MP was A.W. Neill. Canada has changed.  But I wonder.  Last year, Port Alberni city council introduced name changes for Neill Street, Neill Elementary School and Indian Street. Citizens were so outraged that they presented an 800 name petition under the banner "Save A.W. Neill." Said one supporter, "Neill was elected for 20 years...he must have been doing something right." His name is still on the school and street signs.
Hey look who's buying! Rich Americans! See: http://vancouversun.com/business/local-business/wealthy-locals-american-billionaire-among-trump-vancouver-condo-owners  Billionaire no doubt!  And rich locals!  Where's the outrage?  Oh, sorry, it's the not the Chinese being mentioned here. Nothing to see. Go home. Eat your ramen noodles.  LOL.  As I have always said in various public posts. Wealthy white dudes from Germany, America are buying lots of Vancouver real estate. Barely a pip about them in the press. It's the scary yellow peril!
Sure. But, as I read him,  EFC1127A said more Blacks were in prison for drugs because they chose to break the drug laws. It's generally understood that Whites break the drug laws at the same rates, so that wasn't really an explanation. I offered the conjecture that different styles of policing in different communities contributed to the disparity.  And now you seem to be agreeing with me. I don't see how I have earned your scolding. And I certainly don't dispute what hadn't been mentioned, that high rates of gun violence play their part in policing tactics, and that gun violence is concentrated in Black and Latino neighborhoods. I live in one. It's pretty hard to miss.
The CBC tends to lean too much on history and a resulting white bias. Its shows do not reflect the current ethnic mix.
Teacher Mandi seems to be previewing her Barney costume for Halloween. I google that last paragraph. Yes most of the people were white, they were also mostly men, oh the horror. I guess the rest of the world just has to work a little harder to catch up.
I appreciate that Lawrence sees the need for more emphasis on the murders of our black citizens in failing neighborhoods.    We do no favors for our black brothers and sisters who suffer from threats of crime, loss of life, lack of opportunity, failed schools, if we don't help to stop the criminal who take advantage of the innocent.    Makes no difference if the murderer is white or black..... or does the color of the victims skin make a difference to 'the people'?     If we print Chicago murders daily in Eugene papers Lawrence, will you feel any concern for the citizens of Chicago?     Would you be OK spending federal money on Chicago for law support, or, is it just 'their problem' not ours?     It's a fair question that good people might disagree on.
Just to be clear: if I'm a white guy, and a marry a non-white person, does that mean I get an exemption from the label "racist"? Does it remain in force if I nonetheless make a racist comment? Does the power of my exemption strengthen with the duration of my marriage to the aforementioned non-white person? What if we divorce? Is the exemption lifted? What if my children don't go to college, let alone earn advanced degrees? Is the power of my exemption diminished? What happens if I marry a second non-white person? Is the potency of my exemption doubled? Finally, how are people whom I presume to be "libtards" supposed to know that I enjoy a double exemption from the charge of racism? Is there some badge I can wear that distinguishes me in public as the beneficiary of the aforementioned exemption from the charge of racism?  I want to know.
Anyone concerned with these "alt-right", or white supremacist (or "hate groups") can learn more by supporting the Southern Poverty Law Center which tracks and reports on hundreds of these groups across the country. Go to:  https://www.splcenter.org/
Ai sous! amela, I challenge you,to share with us here on theSA comments section of a single quote where Trump endorsed the White Supremicists?
You mean "white man's" education?    I understand that was part of the thinking (for lack of a better term) that doomed the broad-based education plan advanced by the Harper government and the Natives' own Assembly of First Nations a few years back.  Some chiefs and councils objected to it. (How dare some white bureaucrats tell US what our kids need to learn and how to teach it!?) Government threw up its hands and backed off, and the Chief of the Assembly resigned.
And entitled white billioniares who think they should have everything because they were born rich...
"The early 20th century saw a broad row of grand patrician homes going up on Monument Avenue. The avenue is punctuated by equestrian statues of Confederate heroes — Lee, Jeb Stuart, Stonewall Jackson — and a semicircular shrine with an outsize column glorifying the Confederate president, Jefferson Davis, the seceding states and the deceptive doctrine of “sovereign states” deployed to defend slavery. They were erected 35 to 50 years after the war. Records show that they were meant to legitimize and dignify the white supremacist regime that had taken hold in Virginia"  read on (cont)
First off Nome, Alaska is hardly a typical Bush town.  It is more like the Los Vegas of the North with a concentration of drinking establishments similar to what Fairbanks had back in the 50's and 60's.  Nome is a white man's town.  So let's write off Nome.  But for most of the other villages the PFD is a major source of income for many families.  It was wrong to get these residents hooked on this welfare check then yank it all of a sudden.  Villages in general have no solid economic base.  Most remote villages were built to benefit  subsistence lifestyles.  But that wasn't good enough for the white man.  We built schools out there, sent in an army of middle class teachers, wired them for the Internet and cable TV all in order to assimilate the "uncivilized tribes" into the white man's cash economy.  Now the problems persist that were created by trying to change people and their culture.  They would have been better off  if they had been left alone.
The problem is no one looks at it from the white male perspective. That is, there are two sets of rules - one for the white man and one for [insert interest group here]  The white man never had a choice of whether to work or stay at home, men had to work.  Men had to be the bread winner; women expected it.  Men had to pay for dinner on dates; women expected it.  Men had to make enough money so women could have an expensive home, nice things, and multiple cars; the women expected it.  A woman will say she wants this or that in a man, but what she wants is someone who can provide.  Being a woman must be pretty easy.  Go to college and maybe work for a while.  Meet a man, get pregnant, raise the kids.  Do yoga, maybe cook dinner, and spend money your husband makes working 70 hours a week.  All the while complaining he doesn't take you on a date night like President Obama.    The gig is up women!  Why don't you go to work and let your husbands sit around all day at home?
Okay icon, I see from your comment that you unwilling to grant respect and dignity to those who think differently than yourself.  The things you said about white geezers are nothing short of blatant discrimination - and you call Trump on similar transgressions.  Well, whatever, I will continue to interact with you as respectfully as I can.  You are entitled to your views and prejudices.    Take care and have a good day.
My requirements haven't changed.  American white supremacist institutions are, and have been since their inceptions, inimical to people of color to a degree not experienced by the majority of white Americans, because those who control said institutions rely on them for military and political support.  They are a plague on the world.  Unions are attacked for going on strike.  Black folks are attacked for EXISTING.  They don't have to protest or strike to reap the billy-club, bullet or noose.  Their very existence, like that of Palestinians and Native Americans, is a "threat".  The kinds of malicious injustices visited upon Americans of color then and now has no comparison among white Americans.  If anyone is twisting anything, it's you, sir.  You're twisting history into a fantasy-land where nobody and everybody is at fault, and it'll all get better with a unified 'electorate'.  Are your feet wet?  And do you see pyramids in the distance?  I suspect you're deep in DeNile.
I agree that the players have a right to protest.  But last year, out of a black population of 20 million, 16 unarmed black men were killed by cops, 250 including those who were armed.  And that's 2.5 times the rate of white people killed by cops relative to population.  That's bothersome.  Each year, about 2400 blacks are victims of homicide committed by other blacks about 90% of the time.  That's more bothersome.  That's what I'd be protesting if I were black.  Address that, and maybe white people would take your Black Lives Matter movement more seriously.  When blacks kill other blacks about ten times more often that cops do, apparently black lives only matter when you want to divide the country over race.
Kapaernick does deserve to be on the roster. The main reason he is not on the roster is due to his protesting the anthem. Had he been White, he would be on the roster. It's a racist decision to keep him off the roster.
Merely mocking your point. Even when guns have nothing at all to do with anything the anti-gun nuts come out of the wood work. Laughable. Early reports say the perpetrator pulled a fire alarm to lure kids out of class and attacked with a vehicle reminiscent of Nice France, then followed up with a machete. Perhaps we should discuss Truck Control and a ban on "Assault Knives". I suspect given the similarities to the isis inspired attacks in France that this guy's favorite book motivated him to do with this, all we know is he wasn't a white guy in a Make America Great Again hat because they'd have reported that within 3 minutes of the attack, time will tell
Cue more male tears and from, of course, the most aggrieved of all:  white males.  Poor things. Wah, wah, wah.
Come on miss lady. Blacks have been Lynched in America since Europeans began colonization so now that we finally got a platform to address our grievances people like you try to silence us by villainizing us all. I'm  from the hood and was terrorized by gangsters and thugs as a child. I didn't want to be there. You think I enjoyed being robbed, or chased by trouble makers? The FBI and all their data and intelligence couldn't stop the flow of guns and drugs but it's easier to blame the gangsters than the people who is paid by us to protect us. But your views as a white woman don't surprise me. You was brought up that way.
mahalo Kristen for your mana'o. Please allow me to offer mana'o from the Hawaiian perspective.  Your story fails to take into account one critically important fact. That is that the Kingdom of Hawai'i has been a neutral nation since 1843. This means that, under international law, the presence of a foreign military force, like that of the US, in the neutral Kingdom of Hawai'i constitutes a serious war crime.  Some argue that Hawai'i was legally annexed by the US in 1897 after it backed a coup d'etat orchestrated by the 13 traitors of the white supremacist Committee of Safety. However the ratification of the Hawai'i Annexation Treaty of 1897 was rejected by the US congress on the grounds that the annexation of a Hawai'i by the US was illegal especially since a majority of Hawai'i's citizens signed petitions against annexation.  The US has failed to produce any evidence of the legal annexation of Hawai'i and, when challenged on the question of the legality of its claim, it remains silent.
I think you meant to go to stromfront.com, not dp.com. That's where the poor, victimized white supremacists get their propaganda from.
Your remark, "Peteroddy", does not contradict Ms.Meidinger's accurate observation that the eight people flanking the Guv in the press conference photo are "mostly" white -- a nod to the Lieutenant Guv's presence -- and, as usual, ALL are men.    Hmmm.... I wonder if ANY of the Gov's photo-op fellows can speak + understand Mandarin.  (Chinese leaders visiting Canada + Australia have found that, wherever they go in THOSE resource-rich nations, there are always SOME local gov't officials + business leaders [even some older white men] who are smart enough to have learned Mandarin.)
1) Everyone is entitled to due process. 2) The death penalty is a pointless anachronism from a bygone brutal age. It's not a proven deterrent, it costs more than imprisonment, and when we wrongfully execute someone, we cannot undo it. We disproportionately execute minorities over whites who commit the same crimes.
Who is caucasian?  (Caucasian: white-skinned; of European origin.)   Not Dolores .... she is "White Race- Hispanic/Latino."
When Trump refused to call out Nazis and white supremacists even after a domestic terrorist killed one woman and maimed more in Charlottesville, Virginia—and then averred that “very fine people” were marching under Confederate flags—the extremists recognized the signal. When, only a week later, he pardoned Joe Arpaio—a man whom white supremacists had made a cause célèbre—they saw him in their corner again. When Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the administration was bringing the hammer down on the DACA program, he cited two lies popular among far-right nativists: That “Dreamers” take jobs away from Americans, and that the program prompted the surge in unaccompanied child immigrants (who, for the record, are not eligible for DACA status).
It's politics; there will always be a divide over that, but it has never stopped us from unifying as a country.  But when one group - liberals - seeks to represent factions instead of everyone, then that makes unification of the country impossible.  What factions do Republicans talk about representing?  None.  The Democrats label them as being the party of the rich, but there are a lot of poor Republicans.  The Democrats label them as the party of Whites, but there are lots of Blacks, Hispanics, and Asians who are Republicans.  Dems divide; Republicans unite.
You might try reading my original comment and see if you can figure out where you're making errors of logic in the things I've said and my positions. Or, keep posting unfounded assumptions and making a fool of yourself, I don't care!  By the way, the alt-right are self professed white nationalists (at best), so they are racist by their own admission. And the grand poobah of the alt-right is Trump's main man in the White House. And Trump himself is a proven racist (refusing to rent to blacks, among many other things). So yeah, if you support Trump and/or identify with the alt-right, you are supporting racists, which makes you a racist. You are either against racism (which means you don't support racists), or you are a racist. Which one are you, ely?
It ain't over until the fat man sings.  Lady Gaga is circulating a petition for the electoral college vote to reverse the election results.  I don't believe tRump won legitimately.  There was hacking and priming the electoral college pump.  No way were there enough white rural votes to put tRump in the White House.  Blacks and Hispanics alone out number the white rural vote.
The counter protesters weren't "alt left" they were simply not Nazis, not white supremacists and not KKK members.  The term "alt left" is just another right wing device deployed in a failed attempt to create false equivalency.
Trump again playing to his base of racists and failures.  Because we all know how downtrodden and disadvantaged white people are.  Exactly.  Anything to distract his base away from the fiasco du jour inside the White House.
KellyAnn made the same statement...we must respect the office - I agree - but not the officer. He has done nothing to gain my respect, in fact the opposite! I am disgusted by little d, his cadre of advisers. He seems intent on creating a Christian, neo-fascist nation for whites and patriotic minorities. I suggest we respect the constitution, the role of of the judiciary to judge...they said the claims of the "Trumpette's" were bogus...I read the findings, seems pretty clear.
You just defeated your own argument by posting MY definition of racist, and you described the right wing marchers who call for white supremacy. Did you realize this when you posted? You're also incorrect in asserting that the conversation is clearly not about race. The debate over immigration is ALL about race. You call it "lies of the left" to say it is, but that in itself is a lie from the right.   The left is not racist, by your own posted definition. Talking about race isn't "racism." That doesn't even make sense.
This guy is ANTIFA and a registered Democrat . That is why the DP is not like they always do call him a white gun nut because it will come out he was ANTIFA all the way and he was participating in ANTIFAs call for nation wide violence. It will all come out in a few days.
In the US at least, someone who is half-black is considered to be black. My grandchildren have a white father and a black mother, and are seen as black by just about everyone.
Thousands won't be able to hear his speech because they were killed in Chicago ,  as he did nothing to stop it.  In fact things got worse.  To Obama , Black Lives Matters , Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson and other black leaders , black lives don't matter if the person doing the killing is black  . However , if a white cop shoots a thug they are all there to support the thug and give a wink to those stealing and destroying others property who had nothing to do with it.  Obama , rather than call for calm , by his words and actions , condoned what happened.  He could have been the president to bring all America together , yet he chose to divide us instead. Shame on him for that.  And his wife has the nerve to say America has no hope without her husband as president. The truth is , now there is hope , where as there has been none for the last eight years.
The 2nd Amendment was written when guns were muzzel loaders not when they fired 50 rounds/min. Americans want to give up their freedom for safety? Let them. Mexicans and muslims should stand back and let the poor white women and men fight for the freedom they seem to want. None of #45's kids or grandkids will be joining the military.
Umm...."white privileged status"?  At no point in the article did I read this was a race based crime. What about all the trash left behind at  homeless camps? Or any occupy event? Bernie Sanders gatherings? The multiple concerts held to save one thing or another?  They screwed up, and probably made it harder to get permits for boats and camping for future outings at the lake, who knows. Now that everyone knows, hopefully it will not happen in the future.
Perhaps it would have been best to deem the comment as sexiest by an individual rather than grouping in Conservatives as a whole. Does no one see the irony in that mind set? It is very hard to to fix this social behavioural issue if you do not have the self awareness to realize that you are also part of the problem. I for one am tired of the misandry and microaggressive comments that many of these female individuals feel they are entitled to make......grouping and blaming privileged white males etc. This attitude is perpetuating the problem so please look in the mirror before you jump on your moral pedestal.
Strongly disagree with you.  Our core values and our intelligence is what makes America great, and is what pushes so many to want to immigrate here. Has nothing to do with rural living or city living, has everything to do with what we have in America. For example, those core American values are what the extreme ISIS people want to remove.   It has NOTHING to do with this White Christian prejudice you so aptly describe here: "if they are white and Christian." As for this "immigrants and racial minorities get an unfair share of benefits" guess what. You are wrong. Our federal and state tax money dumped into schools, in particular to help ESL and ELL students (A segregated special group, not for the  "whole)  money dumped into affordable housing to aid the immigrants working (Read Aspen, read Glenwood, Read Vail to see that) and so on. They are a special class with special privileges  money and time given to them. People can agree with doing that or disagree, but it is a fact.
"Show me historically in the US when you should have been worried about anything but white racism"... challenge accepted. I offer the last eight years. I have watched the swelling racism backed by government tolerance if not outright support echoed in the populace I work with. It's been very disconcerting to observe.
No, anyone is capable of harboring "racial" animus.  But to deny that the fundamentally white supremacist nature of US social, economic, political, judicial and educational institutions allows members of one group (the "melanistically-challenged" majority) to act on their animus with comparative impunity is simply not realistic.  Example: a white shooter is 400 times more likely to successfully claim 'self-defense' for shooting a black or brown person than a black or brown shooter is for shooting a white person.  Another example: in a 2003 study by the University of Chicago of about 1,000 employers in New York, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Los Angeles, white FELONS were preferentially hired over equally qualified black applicants without criminal records.  Oh yeah--and it's spelled "racists".
I've had a successful life without white privilege. Can you claim that? You don't know what you got for just showing up white and male, and what you earned on merit. Please tell use when white male privilege stopped effecting public policy in  this country. It must have happened after 1965. BTW, do you know what irony is?
I'm an expert on what I believe, not you.  I believe that we should focus on what unites us rather than on what divides us.  To me, rallying under an ethnic, racial, gender, sexual, linguistic, or cultural banner is un-American.  Do you believe that white people should have parades celebrating "whiteness?"  Nor do I believe that a political party should be celebrating identity politics.  Remember: e pluribus unum.  By the way, I have no objection to CIVIL marriage between gay people, and support civil rights for all people including gay people, but I am opposed to changing Catholic Church teaching on homosexuality because the Holy Bible clearly condemns homosexuality in both the Old and New Testaments.
There's a great article my an ex-white supremacist, neo-Nazi guy who explains how those guys tend to be the same kind of guys who join ISIS. Hint, it is not generally people who grew up as devout Muslims who support ISIS, it is people who end up as misfits and petty criminals before flipping tracks.
Does anyone see the word white in Wazdat's comment?
Why is it that these sort of complaints are never accompanied by any actual evidence of discrimination. That the results don't mirror the general population is not proof that there has been discrimination. Provide a single case, and evidence,  where a less qualified person white and/or male person was hired instead of an equally qualified non-white/non-male person. Just one.
Let me clarify: many white people were glad to see it gone owing, in no small part, to the narrative painted about Africville by the municipal and provincial governments and the media at the time.   Have also spoken extensively to white Haligonians who lived there during Africville's destruction.
It was a "Trump Free Speech" event and the gentleman came to demonstrate for "white pride".....I rather doubt that he was a "counter-protester."  What do you think?  Gary crum
Four score and seven years ago...A new nation, dedicated to freedom. The 'War between the States' is a bit revisionist, the lost cause, slaves fighting for their masters, textbooks that ignore the reality of the battle, both economics and slavery were the issue and the minority leaders of the south decided to fight to keep themselves in power and keep human beings in bondage--and in many ways both whites and blacks. Oh well, they lost, they were losers then and the ideology is a poor substitute for moral values.
When i went to Africa they called me 'whitey' could not remember my Christian name i guess.  In South Africa 10 x 1000's of whites have been murder by Blacks. Actually Canada is probably the least 'racist' country in the world.
Don't worry they will keep some white people around, after all someone has to pay taxes.
Maybe spellcheck-phobia?    Get a grip. It's not illegal to cross the border into the hands of the RCMP. They will taken to CBSA and processed according to the rule of law.   There's a lot of racism going on here. If these where white people the tone would be completely different.
Liberal Leftists are the real terrorists in our society. Just like ISIS they want to remove all mention of why this country is great, leaving only their sick interpretation of how society should be. The reason they are able to spout their insanity in public is that of far greater men and women who founded this great country and gave their all for it. These looney tunes like Baltimore's mayor or BLMor Antifa or white nationalists or any socialist person or group are trying their best to hack away at the spine of this country without knowing what they will spawn. If rebellion is what they want they will lose and possibly their lives. When they are done our country will look like Syria,  a complete hellhole. Operating on feelings alone will leave all unfullfilled.
“Do humans have the capacity to live in harmony with the Earth?” Gee, I dunno, how long have we been here? One load of nonsense after another, from the Soros Press. You are getting huuugely better at disguising your anti White, anti Christian & America agenda tho. One has to really read it to find your racial slurs. Oh, and your line re Natives in harmony with the Earth, really? That's pretty tired.
What would our day be without some hatred towards white men, right, we all want that right? Listen from an animal evolution p.o.v., the part of the species that went out hunting, killing while problem solving along the way likely does have more abilities to get out there, push their ideas, not give up when someone says no versus the part of the species that was primarily a care-giver staying put, trying to keep their environment as stable and supportive as possible in order to raise their offspring. Nobody is stopping women from doing anything in America, Canada. Enough. This sort of article only breeds a backlash.
Sir, it's both encouraging and inspiring to read your words.  These cowardly crackers go into conniptions when anyone who ain't white stands up to 'em.  Saw it plainly when Amy Dumbitchky simultaneously put both feet in her mouth and her head up her...  When the Anchorage chapter of the "white knights" starts in on you in here, google my phone number and gimme a call.  Inshaa Allah (God Willing), I'll step up.  MaSalaam.
Vice-President Biden in a Speech today.    "This is the first campaign that I can recall where my party did not talk about what it always stood for, and that is how to maintain a burgeoning middle class," Biden said at an event at the University of Pennsylvania. "And the truth of the matter is you didn't hear a single solitary sentence in the last campaign about that guy working on the assembly line making 60,000 bucks a year and a wife making $32,000 as a hostess in a restaurant and they're making 90 grand and they've got two kids and they can't make it and they're scared." Biden noted that many voters felt they weren't being heard during the election and pointed to the "angry white men" who backed Trump and have been called a "racist." The former vice president said that many of them "voted for a black man twice in a row."  At least one Democrat has identified a problem with his Party.  Are there two?  Maybe even three?  Nah!  It's Putin's fault! Nothing to see here! Move along, now!
What are you talking about?    A Jewish person pointing out Jewish contribution to our country.   The purpose is to break the stereotypes of Jewish people by white supremecis (and their race/religious baiting of all outside of their own clan).     Noble cause if you ask me.    (Did you say you voted for  Trump?)
All sides that quote any pigment within support of their own positions are, in fact, racists, as said pigment is not a causation, or cause as unto any action, if one were to look at it in a vacuum.  The arrogance of groups of BLM, the KKK, The Black Caucus within our own Government, the White Nationalists are all of them the same.  Racists!  We are all of us individuals, and wish the same for us, and our families within equal measures.  Safety from unwarranted harm, freedom to live within our own lives as we see fit, so long as we are not hurting any other, and the liberty to enjoy said freedoms so long as we are not  hurting, or imposing our rights, or will, unto any other individual, family, or group of individuals.  To designate oneself as part of a racially based, or culturally based group, automatically designates one that does so, as a racist, no matter who they are.  Any, and I do mean ANY, Governmental policy that involves race, is in fact, racist, within its own message to us
Yikes, I got nothing to compare to that guy.     It's probably a bit unfair of me actually.  My kids went to a virtually all white school, which reflected the population.  The community was almost all employed by one of two major good paying corporations.   A very active council of churches as well as individual church programs.   Let's just discipline at home was very high, as was support and financing for extra curricular activities.  Never saw a school budget request not pass and the public school I think was one of very few non-union districts in the state.  Their were alternative Christian schools at all grads and home schooling was rare but not unusually so.       Pretty much a Walt Disney community.   I fully understand my experience is nothing like parents in tough urban neighbors or small communities in decline without much funding.   It is grossly unfair to compare my expectations to a parent in deep poverty, crime, assault......  Their first priority may be safety or ....
And here we go again...the problem is he's white, or he's male, or it's an assault weapon, or he's a Democrat, or he's a Repub, or he's an atheist, or he's a Christian, or he's a Muslim...blah blah blah blah...  No, the problem is he's an American.  Americans don't have respect for others' lives.  If they don't get what they want, or if they have to sacrifice something for others, or if they're scared, they justify killing other people.    We never turn the other cheek, or treat someone how we want to be treated, or sacrifice and offer kindness to receive the same.  We're simply a violent culture that takes what it wants, and we never take responsibility when we're hurting someone else.  It's always "their" fault.
He's far too bloated to be a member of anything called "the master race". White privilege is being a syphilitic tub of lard yet thinking you are a better example of human.
Right.  Politically-expedient history revision.  Fascism is, and always has been since its inception, a right-wing political ideology.  It's proponents said so themselves.  They openly opposed left-wing political movements.  Frequently violently.  And while we're at it, black folks did not keep white folks as slaves, the Native Americans didn't cross the Atlantic and start slaughtering and dispossessing Europeans, European Jews didn't incinerate Lutherans in ovens or put them in death camps, American church women didn't rape and murder Salvadoran death squad goons and Saddam didn't have any yellow birthday cake--they ran out of yellow no. 5 food-coloring because of the sanctions.
What do you get when you mix alcohol, guns, white nationalism, and innocent people?  Question answered.
Doug Saunder's "terror is terror" narrative is cropping up everywhere.  I'm getting the impression that left leaning journalists when they learned the Las Vegas shooting had been committed by a white man were actually pleased because they thought they had a rightwing terrorist whose carnage surpassed that of Omar Mateen, the Pulse nightclub shooter.  When it became apparent that Stephen Paddock had no obvious political affiliations, they decided to pursue a new narrative--that anyone who commits mass murder is a terrorist.  This is allowing them to play keep playing the race card, as anyone who denies that Paddock is a terrorist can be dismissed as a racist who only think terrorists have dark skin.
So if we can agree that Steve Hofmeyr is a white supremacist, and so was Hitler. Would you equate someone who brings and end to Steve Hofmeyrs bigotry to someone like Winston Churchill?  Someone like me for instance, if I were a white supremacists, would that make you comparable to Martin Luther King? Are you speaking truth to power the same way that he was? Are you making those same sacrifices?  Perhaps one way to measure evil is by the greatness of the men and women required to stand up to and defeat those evil men, and the sacrifices that they had to make.
Examine the Guardians “The Counted” data for 2015. If you filter the police shootings by race for unarmed male deaths, the total is 107, of which 44 were white, 38 black, 22 Hispanic, and 3 other.    Out of the 38 unarmed black male shootings, 75% (14 people struggled with the officer, 7 reached for the officers weapon, 5 made suspicious moves or were believed to have pointed a weapon and 2 dragged the officer in a car) may involve a possible life threatening action by the suspect where the cop believed his live was in danger. If these 28 result in a legally justified ruling, you end up with 10 incidents that are questionable.  To give a sense of perspective, out of a black population of 39 MILLION, there is an  estimated 2-1/2 MILLION annual arrests of blacks of which 10 questionable “unarmed” shooting incidents occurred. Statistically, how is this proof of "violence being leveled upon people of color due to discrimination."
Good history here, Jim.    I might add,  Abraham  Lincoln lost in  Lane County to Breckenridge/Lane in 1860, 45.8% to 41.1% and lost again here, to McClellan, in 1864.   We might  add, in 1857, 89% of Oregonians voted against allowing free Negroes to enter the state,  sending a powerful message African-Americans weren't  welcome and leaving us a very white state.  Mathew P.  Deady was a strong supporter  of this Exclusion Law,  just as he was the Territory's strongest advocate for slavery.  (Oregonians voted 75% against slavery in spite of Deady's support.)   Facts are facts,  history is history, now what does this all mean?  To me, this is  about what kind of message we  Oregonians want to send to the world in 2016.  [PS, I should have added, in 1860, there were just 128 blacks reported in Oregon, 0.24% of the population, so it would have taken just a few more hands and feet to do your counting.]
I agree with your last. I'm somewhat ambivalent on the whole issue of "voter suppression". If people want to register to vote, they'll make time to do so. Likewise with voting. But, if reliable and accepted statistical methods show that restrictions have a disparate effect on whether certain racial or ethnic groups vote, then that's a concern. If state legislatures or county boards are making sure that suburban whites have easy access to voter registration sites and polling places and urban minorities are getting short-shrifted, that's a concern.
I thought George "Ramos" Lopez was America's favorite Mexican?  Humor these days is a bit too personal.  He didn't use "white privilege" in a joking manner, rather as a declaration of "fact" and to "cut" the audience down.  Like late night and everything else, so many different opportunities to offend judgmentally, that's "comedy."   Jorge's one of our "last lines of defense" eh?
I agree. If beliefs are racist, white-supremacist, fascist, or neo-Nazi, they should be labeled as such. The converse is also true: if the Globe is going to describe something as or accuse someone of being racist, white-supremacist, fascist or neo-Nazi, it had darn well better be able to prove such serious allegations. Such proof should require more than just an allegation from an academic or commentator who has made a career out of accusing people and things of racism.
Gonegolfin: Really? Liberal media made Trump go to white supremacist and anti-Semitic websites and repost what he found there?
Good there needs to be a counterweight to these globalists that are ethnically cleansing white people.
In case you don't know who Donne Dawson is,  she is as white as Kailua town !  Eh Hawaiian,, no park in front my house!  u like go beach, walk from Kaneohe!
Unfortunately this woman is going to be a casualty of the progressive agenda of white guilt. Secondly, hiding and lying about it is just ridiculous and will cripple her even more. The first part should never have mattered, but with the identity politics their party has pushed, she will pay for it, especially after lying about it--she will have no sympathizers.  Has a Canadian PM ever had such a dysfunctional cabinet so soon after election?
This whole white power racism proposed by the media is a smoke screen for what really is going on in the USA. The removal of Civil War statues which is said to be at the centre of this is also a smoke screen. These statues have stood for over 100 years and the US had a black President for 8 years. During this whole time nobody was offended to the point to demand the removal of these statues. This whole issues has been orchestrated by the people that want to remove Trump from power. Collusion with the Russians to win the election has failed to unseat him so this is the new tactic to incite the Right to create backlash against Trump and get rid of him . Never underestimate the deceit and power of the left wing political movement.
"This does not justify violence from the left, but it also does not support the preposterous claim that both sides are equally to blame."    Antifa did not exist until Trump's political rallies began to overtly support alt right white supremacy and authoritarian facism.  Antifa is a brand spanking new phenomenon in comparison to the KKK and exists only because of Trump's own rhetoric.  I absolutely do not agree with their tactics, and yet I wonder what other tactics will work to drive white supremacists back into the basements.  It certainly doesn't appear it will be police given their 'interesting' performance in Charlotesville.  And yet, I can understand that when you are law enforcement in an open carry state and the alt right shows up armed to the teeth, you may prioritize dinner with your family rather than open confrontation with the KKK and right wing militias.  Policing Black Lives Matter is much easier given the disparity in weapons between the alt right and BLM.
Counsel on cross-examination are entitled to conduct fishing expeditions. The court won't know if defence counsel is going to call evidence to back up his questions until the defence case closes, which is too late to shut down that line of questioning. However, questions are not evidence. If a witness has said "it was white" and I repeatedly ask him (her) "isn't it true that it was actually black", there is no evidence of blackness unless the witness says, at least "now that I think about it, it could have been black". As long as the witness sticks to "white", questions about blackness have no value.
The vast majority of conservatives think as I do in despising neo-nazi and white supremacist views. They and I also despise violent action by Antifa and BLM, often against nonviolent conservatives and law enforcement. That is not equating the "many sides," an accusation entirely based on Trump hate and political gamesmanship rather than reason. They are two (or more) kinds of bad, neither of which our nation needs. Let them all speak and assemble per the 1st Amendment ("the right of the people to peaceably assemble"), but if and when any act violently, put them in jail. Neither side should be immune from consequences for violent action, but one side is getting a pass from the left. I challenge you to recognize and reject facism and violence in whatever form it presents itself, and we are seeing more than one flavor right now.  The peace of our nation is to be kept by the state only, not by vigilantism. You will not find me liking any posts that disagree with this position.
For Jerry Falwell to praise Trump for standing with racists, bigots, white supremacist and people who believe Jews and blacks are inferior to whites makes him one of them. Jerry, where is your Christ-like character? As a Liberty-alumni and a pastor I find it abhorrent that you are standing with David Duke and white supremacists. This is wrong! BTW, Trump has nothing to do with jobs, the stock market and the economy. The trajectory were all in place from the Obama Admin before he took office. Actually he claimed the job numbers were false every time they came out under Obama because they were so good. Now he believes in them. It's a joke to say N. Korea is backing down. This is the White House talking points you are parroting. I received their email  with the same nonsense. Trump's reckless rhetoric  is shameful. Where are the faithful Liberty Univ deans like  Drs. Wilmington, Towns, Hinson, Gutierrez, Borland to save Liberty's reputation that Jerry is dragging in the mud?
I have no idea but I would hope that if they were casting a part for a Caucasian they would use a Caucasian unlike Hollywood which, if the part or role is "written" as Asian or Asian American, they cast Scarlett Johansson or Emma Stone in it, or they totally rewrite the character from a 500 year old Tibetan man into a white actress name Tilda Swinton.....
Bottom line is the DNC uses skin color to attract reverse racists. Truly sad. RNC is about true equality and not ponying up to a certain skin color giving everyone the exact same opportunity. There are former Black Panthers members that will verify this. DNC is a play on old emotions getting people to think we still live in a white America. The show of diversity is a joke! Take the Bernie Hillary incident. Even though you know/knew/still know they broke the rules, as long as they can get you to think it's ok to break the rules in order to get what you want its ok! That's always been the DEMs message. Break the rules to get what you want. RNC is more than fair to everyone, I noticed RNC did not beg people to shut up or send pitiful texts to people out of panic. People have a right to voice their opinions especially when they catch someone with their hand in the cookie jar! DNC is a joke, promoting the 1st amendment while begging you to shut your trap! watch last DNC's vote on Jerusalem!
You seem to think that a Venn diagram of "bicyclists" and "poor kids" is two circles that don't intersect.  I submit that bicycles are inexpensive and common, and that bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure in poor neighborhoods like those I highlighted does in fact benefit the kids who live there.  I get that you have some kind of grudge against anyone on a bike.  "Entitled white hipsters" is uncivil.  Please do clean it up.
Well, closing loopholes probably is a good idea.  However, just what constitutes a loophole seems to lie in the eye of the beholder. . Went to a fairly raucous public meeting the other night, and a number of people - particularly women doctors - made some pretty articulate and compelling points about the problems of unpaid maternity leave for self-employed professionals. . Further, if you don't have a pension; you don't have any kind of job security;  and your income may vary quite unpredictably from year to year, maybe you need to look at the taxation burden over the entire career arc, not just an annual snap-shot. . This issue is nowhere near as black and white as it first appeared. . As so often, the Devil is in the details.
Article is spot on.  JIMKOLWASKY-when you have to have a photo id with video confirmation to vote; to prove who you are, then I might be inclinded to go with a popular vote.  Why do we allow people to vote with out a proper voter id?  We have to have a photo id to do nearly anything else, to even buy cigarets, to get on an airplane, to open up a bank account and a hundred other things. And I agree, for 8 years I have ground my teeth under a Obama presidency, but I went on and worked.  People need to get used to dissapointment with out destroying other peoples property.  We need to get back to America, not "black lives matter", not white supremacy, not Latinos, just americans, and as President Kennedy said (paraphrased)  "Ask not what the government can do for the people, but what can I do for my country"
You find a woman as an Ambassador an insult? I guess Trump should have nominated an old white guy like Trudeau did in McCallum for Ambassador to China.
Planned Parenthood has a long and well-documented history of racism beginning with its founder, Margaret Sanger. More African-Americans have died from abortion than from AIDS, accidents, violent crimes, cancer, and heart disease combined. And in America today, a black child is three times more likely to be killed in the womb than a white child.  Since 1973, abortion has reduced the black population by over 25%.  Planned Parenthood operates the nation’s largest chain of abortion clinics and almost 80% of its facilities are located in minority neighborhoods. About 13% of American women are black, but they submit to over 35% of the abortions.  While these statistics are shocking, they are embedded in the history of Planned Parenthood. Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, was active with the Klu Klux Klan and the eugenics movement in the beginning of the twentieth century.  http://studentsforlife.org/planned-parenthood-and-racism/
I am responsible for myself.  I do not accept your concept of mass white guilt. It is convenient to be able to blame all ills in a society on the " majority of white folks".     Viewing everyone through your own racial bias is limiting your reality.    I judge people on themselves; if you cannot judge me that way but have to throw some 'mass guilt' trip on me to feel secure and safe, so be it.
To my knowledge, only 1 permit was issued and that was to the White Nationalists so they were the only one with the lawful right to assemble.  Their purpose as stated on their permit was to protest the removal of the monument of Robert E. Lee.
One of your dearest friends lived there and still does.  Phil Roberson of Duck Dynasty.  LOL  He said when he was young and picking cotton right next to secure, intact black families  (before white lib inner city plantations) Blacks were happy folk, singing in the fields.  It was only after white leftist from Northern Ivy League Universities went down to get down wit da brotha, were Blacks conditioned to be un-happy.
alt-white or all-white
Which statistics and issues are you referring to?  Trump has been given a FREE PASS by the media. That's how this unqualified, failed businessman, racist, with a fluorescent rodent on his head won the GOP primary.  The GOP is composed mostly of white trash, inbreeds, so that explains it.   But now we are into the general election, where the rest of us have a say. The well educated Republicans are voting for Hillary. From the looks of the polls, Trump is in trouble.  With any luck he will totally destroy the GOP forever. It couldn't happen to a nicer bunch.
Defenders of Islamic culture such as this columnist typically attempt to obfuscate, and blame anti-Islamic reactions on 'xenophobia' when this is as far from the truth as it gets.   Westerners are not reacting to race or language or the colour of one's skin with Islam, no, it's the very philosophy itself of Islam found in the Quran - Mohammed's own writings. It's the crushing misogynist nature of Islamic culture, and the blatant denigration of unbelievers, the actual slaying of the unbelievers that's promoted by Mohammed's Quran - instructions which can also be very easily interpreted by any Islamic reader. It's black and white.  And the problem is . . . .westerners see these instructions being carried out by Islamic fundamentalists not only upon westerners, but upon Islam's own peoples on a daily basis in Islamic countries. And, it has been going on for centuries.  So, please do tell those of us in the west how this 'kindness' approach has been working out for Islam in Islamic lands?
America turned its back on white nationalism 50 years ago during the civil rights movement; and will continue to walk forward as a nation, leaving the ideas of hatred, racism, and bigotry in the shadows of history.  Trump's irresponsible dog-whistles to the far right have set back the cause of civil discourse and a civil society by legitimizing viewpoints based on fear, which have no interest or use for democratic process or government:  Ironic that they're now holding their breath for the outcome of an election.  The good news is that the mask is off:  They have indeed come out of the shadows to applaud the Fascist Clown---We know who they are, who represents them, and we still have the vote.
I just can't feel safe until there's a ban on white guys like mass-shooter Alexandre Bissonnette. You never know when a white guy might be alt-right and pull out an automatic.  After all alt-right pinup boy Steve Bannon is a self-professed enemy of state.  Build a wall!!
Absolutely. And she'll use that power for the benefit of ALL Americans, not just the super-affluent, those who think someday they'll be in that category too, and those who resent everybody who isn't white.
Even more important is that for a Black, White, Asian, or of any race person to become successful in starting a new business has been much more difficult during last administration because of increased and burdensome regulations. (Please don't ask if I've done the research; this is common knowledge, which you can research). Democrats response to such a claim is that Republicans want dirty air and water. etc. The public isn't buying it anymore, or at least a larger part is recognizing that redundant regulations tend to keep everyone "in place", which is not what those trying to move up in class need. Guys like Bernie Sanders, who has made a good living off the public, has no problem pushing for more socialism.
With over 400 tar sands tankers transiting the Haro Strait and the Boundary Pass, it is a disaster that is going to happen. The Haro Strait, tanker transit route is too close to the San Juan Islands and to Victoria. The cancer-causing benzene would be a by-product of a spill, which means the western side of the San Juan Islands and the eastern side of Victoria would have to be evacuated. On 21 MAR 2011, while flying over the Gulf/San Juan Islands, I looked-out the window and saw below a 350 foot bulk carrier, with a white hull and a light brown weather deck, with its bow on the shore. What happened? Does any one know? This accident must have been covered-up, because I cannot find any information in Google.  In Vancouver, BC, which is not be confused with Vancouver, WA, the bulk carriers dock at Vancouver Wharves, which is own by Kinder Morgan. This grounding was on the flight path between Victoria airport and Calgary airport. So what? To be continued.
Not much good has ever come from statements that bemoan the fate of "white people" in Canada.
To be fair, my post is rather politically incorrect and that often lead to misunderstanding. It is easy to slam dunk Mr. Eastman who is taking a lone stance to vote against honoring black troops who helped built the Alaska Highway. In the current age of "feel good comfort zone", honoring people by overhyping their role in history is a thing to do. Since I am neither white or black, I take a neutral stance on this and opinionate what I believes to be proper. Spike Lee once demanded that Clint Eastwood apologized to the black people for not portraying the role of black troops at Iwo Jima, failing to forget that nearly all the US troops who fought and died at Iwo Jima were whites. Lee's demand that Eastwood overhyped the black units who were support and supply units is what the Alaska Legislature has done with this bill. In my view, best way to honor people who were discriminated against, is to be educated and acknowledge their place in history but not to overhype it.
Mitch McConnel vowed, to the best of his ability, to impede and obstruct every action by President Obama, without consideration of the good of our nation. Now McConnell finds himself impeded in carrying out the perverted orders of a president from his own party, orders that are to the detriment of all persons of good will, and McConnell has clamped down on the opposition with an iron fist. Obviously, McConnell and democracy have yet to become acquainted, let alone  friends. It's probably too late at this point. Meanwhile, the fumbles keep piling up on Trump's doorstep, and at this time only the truly self-deluded are unable to clearly see that DJT is totally, completely , undeniably unfit for any elective office, let alone the most powerful elective office in the world.  The nincompoops haul out their childish "Pocahontas", as though that is a bad thing. But several genetic studies have found that 4% to 5% of white Americans have some Native American genes. After 400 years, so what?
White America has been speaking that strange language called Forked Tongue for so long it's become a well-known culturally acceptable use of strangeness sometimes now called Alternative Facts. Thank you our Native American chiefs of the Old West for creating the appropriate nomenclature to describe the linguistic malady.
The crazies have taken over at Whitman College in Walla Walla. After a poll where about 60% favored a nickname change, the new president from the east coast abolished the Missionaries nickname this week. This is after the Whitman Pioneer student newspaper announced it would change it’s name. "Critically engaging in Whitman College’s past, and, in particular, its relationship to settler-colonialism and white supremacy in the Inland Northwest, is extremely important," the newspaper said. It’s their college, they can do what they want … but Whitman himself was a missionary and a pioneer, so it seems as if they need to change the name of the college.  And look out, Oregon City and Sandy (and others that don’t come to mind), now the nickname police are going to come after your Pioneers.
Dirty Harry once said "if a man is chasing a woman with a butcher's knife, I take it he's not collecting for the Blue Cross."  The one real world case mentioned a couple of screwdrivers. In the other a hammer. Black or white doesn't matter to someone whose doing a dangerous job. The cop should take no chances in making sure he goes home to his family.   There are cases of abuses of power therefor when reviewing incidents, it is very important for the oversight to be accurate and without it's own bias.
do the crime ,do the time and the same for everyone whether you are  native, immigrant white Canadian, black Canadian, whomever.Tired of defense excuses You get what I'm saying here?
Knew he wasn't a white Christian, or much of an American. When Americans do this this we use all kinds of guns, guns and more guns and lots of ammo. This guy clearly wasn't fully assimilated into our society.
I said Truman intergrated the armed forces in 1948. After the war.   Remember FDR died and he succeeded him ? I will find the reference to the Act of Congress.  There were among the armed forces on the ALCAN Hispanics and other non-black minorities.  So it was not an all white effort.  My dad's two first cousins, both brothers, both survived the death march of Bataan. They were both American Indians and the oldest one was called "Squaw" by the other Americans. He was given credit for helping keep alive a number of his fellow prisoners.  There is an interesting story of a black enlisted man that killed another enlisted man in self-defense, who happened to be American. Indian,in Wrangell, Alaska in 1945.  The treatment of the blacks was far worse then any of the other minorities. Gov. Knowles gave him a pardon in 1998 or 1999. Interesting case, especially the "trial" in Juneau.  My dates are not wrong about the Navajo Code Taljers either.  Tell me what dates are "all" wrong .
It's white privilege to completely misconstrue the significance of one's racial identity and suffer no consequences for it, as Mr. Northrup does here.  Young black men who do that in the wrong circumstances--as during a routine traffic stop by police--have a tendency to end up dead.
"Latinos" are also white. Many blacks are 1/2 or more white (eg. Obama, Kamala Harris, Cory Booker etc.) It's not as simple as you think!
To address the "big picture"....So long as we, as individuals or as nations, feel violence is a sensible answer to conflict, we're in deep "you know what."  We're seeing it every day:  domestic violence, bar fights, road rage, gang violence, antifa, white supremacists, religious and ethnic conflicts, ethnic cleansing, border wars, battles for cultural hegemony, and on and on.   We even have problems being civil with each other while discussing violence....how's that for irony.  We can't manage to leave other people to live their lives.  Look at the vitriol in any comment thread involving LGBT issues.    Humans have, throughout recorded history, sought that bigger and better weapon to use on their "enemies."  Well, we've finally gotten there.  We're finally to that stage featured in "War Games."  We're got ample knowledge and, I'm afraid, a real shortage of wisdom..... that's a scary combination.    regards, Gary crum
Wonderful, competent argument - of course, you do know that if the judiciary do rule in line with the above, we will immediately hear criticism from the ANC about how the judiciary is 'interfering' in the other two arms of government and is 'overreaching' (likely because it 'has been captured by white monopoly capital' and is against 'transformation')
Apparently you don't give a damn the dangers that white people, and other Americans face. You don't seem to care about risking other people's lives. Just because you feel guilty about being white, for whatever twisted, ill formed reasons you may have, does not mean we all have to suspend seeing reality and rationally considering what to do.
That's a neat mind trick Outsider, that the Northern states enslaved the Southern states, but it won't work on anyone with any reasoning faculty. Southerners weren't enslaved, in fact, possibly a majority of them were freed, and the rest, those traitors to the land of their birth, were simply made to follow the law. Unless of course, you think the law is wrong and that only white people should be allowed to enslave only black people. So as I say, that's a neat trick of inversion of facts in pursuit of a falsehood that you would like to be the truth.  Our Constitution has no provision for political theft of a national allegiance. Yet that's what happened, a group of landed barons with 3.9 million enslaved humans (1860 US census) controlled the Southern state governments and decided to secede. Most of the Confederate army were conscripts rounded up by press gangs and promised food and clothing in return for fighting, though they largely owned no slaves. THEY could be called slaves.
It is rather funny though, that in some jurisdictions, white men are even a minority among men....I am wondering when they will benefit from 'affirmative action'?
I'm an old white guy. The opponents were were lead lead by old white guy from east Honolulu who will die soon and of course Uncle Ben.
You know, I read comments like yours and I think, how is it possible that 'westerners' can be so self righteous about murderous terrorists like those in London?  Hate is hate, no?  A white supremacist just murdered two people in the U.S. last week. Is the hate 'here' that drives the dylan roofs and the jeremy christians any different than it is 'there' - that drive these terrorists?
I don't think the GOP leadership can bear to look at what they have for a base majority.  It isn't educated white suburbans who go to mainstream protestant churches.  Until they grapple with that fact, they will only repeat the same crap, thinking they are placating their base, when in fact that strategy has only po'd their actual base.
Christ who needs ISIS We have the Liberals They  are taking out christian societies 10 times faster than ISIS is. At 500,000 Muslims a year in 10 years + 4-8 births per family white - anglo saxon Canada will be gone.  And you all do nothing but smile an accept the demise of your heritage, your race, and your culture. Shame on you
When I read article I found it to be racist bias towards white people. .
It is amusing, the degree to which the teacher in the photo appears out of her league, in trying to peddle her oh-so-2017 social justice warrior chant about white privilege.   She has just asked a bunch of 12 year olds to name the most famous scientist they can think of, ever. Look at the photo: The students' best answer, written right there on the board, is Isaac Newton.  Fine choice, I must say to the 12 year olds.  But, are you kidding me - WHERE does the teacher take this? She takes this to her personal hobby-horse of white privilege indoctrination?  Seriously?  Um, maybe she should brush up on history. The reason so much in the way of science advancement happened in Europe at the hands of its scientists from about 1500 to 1700 had NOTHING - ZERO - to do with "white privilege" (roll eyes) and EVERYTHING to do with the birth of a mindset that challenged beliefs about the stars, motion, matter and life, empowered by the scientific method and liberated by university landscapes.
I don't think the left would turn up en masse to challenge a rally by Ezra Levant and his allies, for example.   Mr. Levant is a conservative but I would hardly call him a white supremacist. It's possible to have discourse with him but not with white supremacists.
Funny, I've noticed that too. The libertarians are all for a white-knight government all of a sudden.
It is so funny.  White Monopoly Capital, a catch phrase invented in London, by a white girl, named Victoria (it is no secret)who shares the name of the erstwhile queen of the British empire and the biggest and best colonist the world ever saw!
"And while it is true that not every white person who opposed Obama was a racist, every white racist opposed Obama." I'd like to see the evidence supporting your statement. I think you made this up.
Anele, do you want honest confrontation with the truth? Here it is:  "Whites didn’t segregate blacks because of their skin colour – that’s just a convenient myth – they did it because of their perceived capabilities. Until Africa shows that it can manage itself without whites, and that it can do things that really benefit the populace without corruption and decay, then white attitudes will remain the same forever. And as long as the ANC entrenches racism – whatever the ‘reasons’ – then whites will entrench racism, it’s as simple as that. The answer is simple. Show the world what Africans can do, we will all respect you."  Post by Graham Johnson in the http://www.thoughtleader.co.za
Reconciliation is like counting angels dancing on the head of a pin: it makes for great discussion and debate, but it can never be done. For natives,  reconciliation would mean the end of grievances. and that simply is never going to happen. As long as there are grievances, there will be  compensation.  What per centage of  native economics  do  white man's guilt ridden compensations account for? 30%?  50% ?  That won't drop to 0% any time soon.
Mr Bowers apparently doesn't understand the difference between statues which honor individuals for their contributions to our nation and statues which were erected to celebrate the JimCrow Era of post-Reconstruction.    Obviously we need to remember the dark days of slavery in our country.  That doesn't mean we need to celebrate them. We need to remember the JimCrow Era and the efforts to subjugate Blacks to as close to slavery status as possible.  That doesn't mean we need to celebrate it.  We need to recognize that racism is "alive and well" in our nation today.  We need to recognize that white supremacy/white nationalist sentiment exists and is being increasingly paraded and celebrated by formerly "closeted" racists in our communities.    Indeed, before emancipation, some great Americans were also slaveowners.  Indeed, over our history some of our leaders were far from perfect.  IMO, we can "forgive" them for such imperfections and celebrate their good qualities. (cont)
Those protesters supporting white nationalism - creepy.  People who think enslaving other humans is acceptable - creepy.  Men who think they are superior to women - creepy.    The things those white men at the park support should be publicly denounced, and they should be humiliated.  It is unacceptable and we need to friggin' say so, loudly.
If you think about it, Ms. Collins, the Democratic Party is by far more racist than the Republican Party.  From Hillary's "deplorables" dog whistle to Keith Ellison's slavish devotion to anti-Semitic Nation of Islam to Obama's "typical white person" dig at his grandmother, Democrats submerse themselves in–and relish–pitting black against white, brown against white, (insert non-white race here) against white.  It's who they are.  Racism is part of the Democrats' DNA.  Has been since the early-1800s.  That the target of their racism has shifted from one race to another over the years doesn't mean they're any less racist.  They'll discriminate against any group in order to get elected and stay in power.
“Not sure where you can possibly think Obama was the most racist President ever”  Well for one thing, he had not been in office a full six months before he launched his all out war on white cops - - beginning by calling the entire (mostly white) Cambridge police force “stupid” before he had availed himself of any facts.  Thereafter he used “the Ferguson effect” like a bludgeon on white cops and with exactly the result he intended: a massive spike in urban black on black murder which then HE BLAMED ON WHITEY.  Of course he realized that the ONLY reason ANYONE voted for him was the color of his skin, so he knew he could work the “white guilt” factor over and over again.  how does one know the ONLY reason ANYONE voted for him was the color of his skin is to ask one simple question: had this character showed up at the 2008 Iowa caucus with to thin a resumé and BEEN WHITE, he would have been driven from the stage with tail between legs  to the derisive cackle of Felony-Shrilary
Trump is running on the "white bigot" platform and Alaska's delegation decides to back him.  This pretty much sums up the Alaska delegation and Alaskans.  We're out and out bigots and don't care who we push around to get our way.   What is laughable is that Alaskans can actually think themselves as Christians.  If we were Christians, would Don Young be our Congressman?  Answer:  obviously no,.
Yes, in America they have the right to not have the government prevent their speech. Those who oppose their speech have the right to voice their opposition as well.   The white supremacists, nazi punks, and KKK do not go away because they are ignored. They just keep getting louder and louder. They do everything they can to incite violence and if people just stay home they will seek them out.   The only way to shut them up is to overwhelm them with louder voices and more numbers. Like all racists, they are truly cowards at heart. If they show up with 100 we show up with 1000. They need to feel the fear they wish to sow. They need to understand in no uncertain terms that their message of intolerance is not tolerable and that they will never, ever succeed in any of there goals because they are the weak, they are the small, and they are the minority.
" like with racism actual events taking place are leading indicators."  How about this actual event? The Democrats (who you constantly deride as the same as the KKK) elected and reelected the nation's first black president. Meanwhile the Conservatives and their echo chamber spent years trying undermine the legitimacy of the president by suggesting he was Muslim or born in Kenya or that he was racist against whites.   A reasonable person would think those "actual events" trump a few emails or problems encountered when trying to bring relief to some of the poorest people on the planet.
I respectfully disagree; it IS a complex problem. That's why racism and bigotry are as old as humanity itself. Yes, I do agree Trump can't solve it; he is incapable of solving any problems. Trump only make problems. In this case, it is Trump who has emboldened the far right bigots and lifted the rock under which white supremacists live. They're out and loud and are benefiting from Trump's appalling statements indicating a moral equivalency between white supremacy and social justice protests. It's absolutely disgusting that the American president behaves this way.
This is what is getting worrisome--the conflation of any disagreement with a hard left narrative with "white supremacy." Yesterday, the National Post published as article that disputed Obama's notion that babies aren't racist, supported with a study, and a huge number of commenters accused the author of being, you guessed it, a Trump supporter and a Nazi.
I remember this story about how a population of brown-skinned people welcomed white-skinned men into their community and were rewarded with the gift of an epidemic that ultimately led to the rapid decline of over 90% of that brown-skinned population.    Later on in that story, the brown-skinned peoples' government, which welcomed a great many white-skinned peoples, was overthrown by a group of white-skinned men, who thought a brown-skinned woman and her brown-skinned people were not fit to be in control of the very lucrative natural bounties that the islands had to offer.     Believe it or not, that story took place here in Hawai'i.  Historical racism in Hawai'i is rooted in the notion of white superiority.    When it's a system of oppression that privileges white people over people of color, demanding that a group of privileged individuals "get out the way" is the same as saying, "end institutions of oppression constructed upon system racism."    See it from a different perspective.
Don't BS a BSer.  Economic boycott of Trump name.    Union public employee Democrat specialty.  Seen it right here in small town Oregon.   College and a bedroom for urban Oregon.  School District elections never had a businessman running.  Why?  The college union would tell members to boycott a business where the owner voted wrong on the school board decision.  The best members of the school board were farmers.  College people,  teachers make no impact  boycotting a grass seed grower.  No avenue for private businessmen to fight back except to vote "no" on every tax,  spending issue on every election.  Cut the public worker blood flow---money---and listen to them whine.  I  love the DeVos Education Secretary because if she walks her talk,  the inner city black kid will have school choice by voucher.  They  won't have to be 6'8" and a baller to attend a church  School with the  rich, and   the poor white kids on church scholarships.     Their parents have the voucher to pay  tuition.
Isn't the biggest problem here that we will be putting things into neat little "boxes" in the process of trying to figure these things out?  And, the boxes discovered are causing sooooooo much confusion.  It's already happening.  To wit:  He seemed to have a work background that didn't sound nuts.  He owned real estate.  He had $$ to spend on a swuite at the Mandalay, or to send to the Philipines.  HE WAS WHITE! (BUT!  He was a wierd white guy cuz he had an asian girlfriend - and yes, that does indicate something).  My guess is that the guy didn't fit into certain boxes, or perhaps wasn't allowed into the boxes he wanted or believed he should have been in.  We need to have less boxes.
There was the shooting at a mosque in Canada, the stabbings on the train in Portland, and the murder of the Indian man who was confused as being middle-eastern.  There was the shooting at a black church by a gun-toting conservative kid. There was the car incident earlier this year by the white supremacist.   All these count as "conservatives" but I don't point the finger to you. I point the finger at anyone who paints people with broad strokes and assumes the worst in them. Most people want to do good. It's when we're intolerant that we start to paint groups of people as our enemies.   Case in point: I'm saying we should find ways to shift the narrative away from our differences and find ways to strengthen our shared values and you basically are giving me the middle finger. You don't respect me, nor do you care to hear me. And until you do, you're just going to keep increasing your intolerant view of the world until there's no humanity left for you but in your own little circle.
You forgot that the founders were a bunch of white guys who owned slaves.  You better go back to Commie School to finish your education.
I don't really think these election results had much to do with ideology.  Donald Trump was politically more savvy than Hillary Clinton.  He knew how tap a mass of "forgotten" voters, i.e., working class white people.  This constituency has been drifting away from the Democratic Party for some time, as the Democrats became less the party of workers and more the party of the intelligentsia.
You're wrong. The Delta Caribou herd (DCH) is a good example of stupid management due to intensive management. Predator control has been undertaken in the DCH range, south of Fairbanks, for many decades. The DCH historically numbered ~5,000 animals, but with predator control, increased to ~11,000. Fairbanks hunters loved it! In response, cow:calf ratios went down, calves got smaller, so ADFG hired a grad student to look at habitat. He found much lower availability of lichens in the DCH winter range and higher moss content in caribou scat there. The herd crashed, calf survival was nil. And you couldn't find a large male anywhere (great white hunters had wiped them out). So, the BOG said kill wolves and ADFG did, against my advice. The herd then crashed to ~2,000, abandoned their winter AND calving grounds (calved on the south side of the range where there were still wolves) and more calves survived. That herd is still depleted to this day. It takes 50-75 years for lichen to recover.
That's the War on Drugs alright, and I agree with much of what you've said...And yet, focusing the beam of racism on "white supremacy," in a popular culture where racist statements and attitudes were called out when made from that quarter---Where racist speech was proscribed for a time, at least in the mainstream, while being largely ignored from other quarters, has sparked a backlash which has effectively given racist rhetoric a national stage, and even political clout.    We now have an openly racist political movement, powered by white supremacy, which has gained a beachhead in the polity, has been pushing back on voting rights and civil liberties, and poses a real threat to the republic in its own right.  Racism is racism:  The disease is real and self-perpetuating, which I think is its biggest danger to our society, that self-fragmentation which allows the power brokers to act with impunity, while hardening divisions in the electorate.
That's not what I asked for. Where are white women out protesting against natives? FOCUS.
I avoid being racist by assuming the worst of other white people too. Can't be considered prejudice if you're an equal-opportunity misanthrope.
"We have not seen any policy proposals that run counter to our faith," said Lance Lemmonds, a spokesman for the Faith & Freedom Coalition, a nonprofit group based in Duluth, Georgia. REALLY? Trump's budget, Trumpcare, Trump himself; and they haven't see any proposals that run counter to their faith? What faith would that be? Nazism, White Supremacy, Misogyny, Racism, Prosperity Gospel, Homophobia? Oh, those faiths! They attempt to cover themselves with the Pro-life sheepskin. Sorry Lance, we know exactly what your faith is!
There is no "Alt-Left"  There is a white supremacist movement which tries to hide under the "Alt-Right name, fooling only their supporters.
A White Supremacist ran down protesters in Charlottesville. This could be a copy-cat.
This is not about discrimination against white people. It is just raising awareness that some people have an advantage. That is all. I am not fragile; I can handle hearing that without becoming defensive, angry, or shameful.
Pull down the symbols of American Nazis!  Demonstrators on Monday night toppled a Confederate monument outside of a court house in Durham, North Carolina.  More of this. Lots more of it. Take the fight straight to the heart of white supremacy. Make their symbols the equivalent of the Nazi flag in Germany.
Our country is a work in progress...we have hated Catholics, Jews, any race but white, Eastern Europeans, and double hated them, left them to die, if they were Eastern European and Jewish. But each time we learn, sort of...'course it seems to rear it's ugly head again and again...think the past election. Now we hate Muslims...oh we call them Islamic to hide our shame...Little d was so proud today, Radical Islamic Terrorists, he spewed like the hateful vomit of which he is so proud. And his followers love it, lap it up. If you want to see how Germany lost control of their democracy watch his latest circus...really, really scary! Each generation gets better...now we have LGBT at the newest whipping post as they too seek rights and respect...baby steps, two forward and one back...it's progress...and love and real Christian values.
Lol white supremacy or neo naziism is far more prevalent in Europe. Yes this test would stop those Europeans from immigrating here, and rightfully so. Just because someone doesn't want immigrants does not make them racist in the slightest. I don't want any, white, black, brown, green, purple because we are broke. We have no more money to help the rest of the world. We can. Barely help our own in need. It's not a hard concept to grasp. You want to help them rack up every ounce of credit you can obtain and don't feed your family, feed someone around the world. Spend every borrowed cent you have on them.
Congress Passed That Anti-White-Supremacist Resolution, Now We See If Trump Will Sign It
' Years of historical records document and prove that intent is factual.  Years of white supremacists and Nazi wanna-be demonstrations and web sites promoting hate, bigotry and racism.  There's no question about it.    And you telling people they have to suspend reality just to satisfy your revisionist falsehoods is not going to be allowed to stand. .
I'm shocked that Rep. Lamborn actually said anything that departs from Trump......  but like Russia, the acceptance of these white supremacists is too much for any sane American, Repub or Dem or unaffiliated, to take.....  Trump's ideas are out-of-step with American's perceptions on both Russia and White Supremacy.....
No, but had the shooter escaped the scene, an APB would have gone out for a fat white Democrat in his mid 60's carrying a semi automatic rifle.  Profiling makes sense.
Aside from the subtle racist undertones, I can't help but think of our country's leader when the words "white privilege" are uttered or written.
Hypocritical Logic?  The Alt-Right movement is gaining strength...They are led by an American man who wishes North America to become inhabited by only white people.  His is a simple and ugly, and frightening dream.  He is a supremacist and has followers.  Even a small number of people buying into his rantings are too many.  By the way, I'm sure that many of the protesters pay taxes too.....and work....and have small businesses.....that doesn't mean they don't have time to participate in their democracy.
The neo-Nazis rallied under the banner of "Unite the Right". They think they are part of your movement. Maybe if more conservatives would condemn the nazis in your midst as stridently and as often as you proffer deflections and false equivalencies, the connection between mainstream conservatism and white nationalism wouldn't be so easy to make.   Remember, the mainstream Republican Party in the state of North Carolina made it illegal for local municipalities in their state to remove white supremacist traitorous Confederate statues. Maybe that's why these white nationalists who rallied around Confederate statues in VA feel at home in your ranks.
Well Stephan, YOU are supposed to be a leader and a role model.   What message does it send when you are so.petty that you cannot even tolerate someone with different views than yours?  Someone who happens to know that white supremacy is virtually DEAD in this country since black athletes like you , as well as black entertainers and businessmen, can get filthy rich nowadays and actually are given MORE opportunity than whites?   Little Stephan and LeBron's problem is that they are spoiled , small-minded bigots who cannot let go of the past, who want to keep pretending that they and their black friends are victims even as they take advantage of the enormous opportunities that this country offers them .... This country, which SHED BLOOD to end slavery and ended it faster than any other country in history, all.on account of the principles represented by that flag which they disrespect.   These athletes are ungrateful, ignorant human debris
I'm Canadian and have European background, so I understand that the Natives were here 1st and that we are all immigrants so we have to open our doors to the rest of the word.   My question is why does Europe have to Open its Doors to Immigrants from the Middle East, being that Europeans are actually the 'NATIVES' AFTER ALL?  How come Rich Gulf Countries aren't taking in 1 Single Refugee? How come Zero Asian Countries are taking in 1 Single Refugee?   Strange how No One ever Calls them RACIST? Why is it that only Western White Cultures have to open their doors so blindly to a Culture that HATES EVERYTHING WE STAND FOR?? I myself am very Tolerant but I don't Tolerate the Intolerant, Sunni Wahhabism which is a form of Islam is the Most Intolerant belief System in the World. They throw Gays from Buildings, a woman needs 4 witnesses to be able to charge a man with Rape and the list goes on.   Its time to question Western Governments Policies, its the least we owe to future generations.
The background of the driver has been revealed, he is a Nazi who attended a white supremacist event & he has a history of  violence.  The protest had ended & she was just walking down the street with many other people who opposed a Nazi march.  Putin's key strategy to deflect from criticism of him is "yes but what about x" instead of directly addressing the issue at hand.   It's false equivalence like trump saying of putin murdering journalists - America is not so innocent.
The issues are addressed ad nauseam to deaf ears.  As for "common modus operandi," you might ask the Jewish journalists and bloggers who were deluged with antisemitic hate mail and tweets from Trump supporters during the course of the campaign. Or Leslie Jones, the victim of a racist twitter barrage inspired by Milo Yiannopoulos, whose fanboys are all aflutter in his defense over at Breitbart, the former stomping grounds of President Trump's Chief Strategist and senior advisor Steve Bannon. Just for starters.  As it happens, here in the USA there's been a rash of threats against Jewish institutions and vandalism at Jewish graveyards during the past few weeks. Still Trump supporters wrap themselves in the myth of white innocence and insist their man's demagoguery, and the antisemitism of the alt-right, had nothing to do with it.  Since your m.o. is to wonder out loud how anybody not an SSPX fellow traveler could ever consider themselves Catholic, I'd say your indignation is comical.
This is pathetic, although it's become the norm around here. (Who can forget the drunk who spent hundreds at a strip club before spreading a homeless man all over the street with his car and then falling asleep, only to receive a month or two of probation?) She's got at least one prior DUII (the first one is wiped from the record, so the fact that one is there probably means she has two), she committed hit and run, a felony, and then tried to frame an innocent person. Just how depraved does one have to be to get a prison sentence around here? Perhaps being white and female played roles in this farce.  As far as promising to not drink, how about we follow North Dakota's lead here and put an anklet on her that automatically reports any drinking? Her word seems about as valuable as dirt, so distrust and verify seems in order.
scalise has also spoke to white supremacist groups where he gave them cover for their hate-mongering he's also supported virtually every bill that would lift restrictions on gun ownership  so when he worries about his daughter walking down the aisle alone, what he's really saying is that his life matters more than others'
Another writer putting down white people . He is right and everyone who disagrees is wrong. This writer needs to take a logic course and let people make their own decisions.
Why do you confine it to the legislative level only? The rubber meets the road with the actions of the administrative authorities. For example, it's illegal to camp, smoke, drink and shoot up drugs in our parks (legislative level) as well as to dump feces into the river and creek. However, our city manager and his keystone kops don't enforce those laws. For a more national level, read the recent report on the police in Chicago and the way they classify young black males as subhuman. This isn't legislation, but it gets them killed and wrongfully convicted of crimes so that they have no opportunity to succeed.  So no, we won't have whites only drinking fountains in public like the '60s. We'll have whites only drinking fountains in the members-only clubs that nonwhites don't have a real chance of gaining entry to by virtue of the way they have been discriminated against extra-legislatively.
Well, you would start men with a handicap and double it if you are a white male
Note that the usual suspects who I mentioned in my earlier comment, haven't said boo about the crime committed by the white guy but they're all triggered by my comment exposing their double standard. Many of the people hollering like stuck pigs about my comment are the first to jump on an article about a crime committed by a black/brown person to toss out all sorts of generalities and side issues. They certainly know their names and respond when called, don't they?  White people are treated as individuals, black and brown people are painted with a broad brush. Such is daily life in "color blind" America, which stubbornly refuses to objectively look at itself in the mirror.
Your charity is inspiring.  I hope this Somali immigrant finds her place in our white, privileged country, that took in her and her extended family and gave them benefits which I assume they are still receiving. Sad she feels so unwelcome, but Muslims need to take a hard look at the ideology they are following and the death and destruction Islam has left in its path since its founding and the commands found in their "holy" book to kill all the kuffar. So if people in the US are fearful, it's probably because they know the history of the Muslim conquest and the Hijra, which you as a Catholic seem to not be aware of. We also need to be charitable to our President who understands this threat. And where is the charity and acceptance of Muslim refugees in the rich gulf states? Not one of their own Muslim brethren have they taken in. May our Lord protect us and our country from evil. I hope this immigrant  Is inspired by your Christian charity and accepts Christ into her heart.
Any DREAM bill will pass in the Senate.  The Senate represents an entire state so they are more answerable for their actions.  The problem is in the House.    With its gerrymandered districts and some representatives who despise non-whites (i.e. King in Iowa) they do not feel compelled to do what is ultimately the right thing.  That is to allow these fine, intelligent, educated and hard working DREAMERS to stay here and continue to contribute.    It is truly sad and frightening that it is so difficult for our elected officials to do what is truly the right thing to do.  We need to hold our politicians accountable.
I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races, [applause]-that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race.   --Honest Abe
I believe Gutierrez is brown (some have said he is part Filipino), Justice and Mesker are white.  However, Native Hawaiians seems to suffer disproportionately under the criminal justice system even among other people of color.
All it takes for boiling water to turn into steam is a rise in temperature by JUST one degree. Well done, to the lady. I continually find that it is the women of this world both black and white who have the courage of their convictions. The Evil Empire is struggling for the capture of our souls, with women like this lady and Magda of Sygnia fame, DR M Khoza member ANC, we can and will turn this derelict  and oppressive regime around. It is 5 mins to Midnight, do not despair. WELL DONE,  to the courageous women and men of South Africa. Here is to a brighter and more sane future. A future we can all be proud of. For the first time since apartheid days we all have an unlimited potential to be great, let us all accept these challenges to build stronger bullet proof characters.  Truth Honesty Integrity and a undying passion for our fellow citizens and their worthiness. To the Republic of South Africa  I HEAR YOUR CALL.
The very idea that a person can be a Trump supporter and NOT a racist is just about the oblivious thing I have EVER seen! Only a white person could ever believe such a blatantly untrue statement! Trump's ENTIRE campaign is based on xenophobia, which is a huge word, I know for bigots to wrap their puny, shriveled minds around, so we have to call you racists instead.
In wartime, soldiers need assurance that they're not out there all by themselves. They need to feel that the troops in their unit are covering them. If they are in a unit that has troops which seem to be a lot like themselves, that they can identify with, they become more effective in combat.  Race was an important "identity" factor in times past. That's why there were white and black units. In today's US military, race is no longer that much of a factor. racially mixed units are the norm, and troops of all races can feel assured that they aren't out their all by themselves. That their unit is covering them.  Gender identity is still a strongly divisive issue. Openly LGBTs are still "foreign" to the US military, that they have too few "regular" troops to identify with. This leaves them vulnerable to feeling alone on the battle-field, feeling that nobody is covering them. This increases the perceived risk to everyone. You had no cognizant counter, so you flagged this comment earlier?
The world is rarely black and white;  exceptions exist for most accepted "truths." The name Metlakatla comes to mind.  Here's a bit of what descendants have to say about that community's founder, Church of England Missionary William Duncan:   "The title of "Father" was an honorary one given to him by a grateful and affectionate people. [His]specific mission was to Christianize ... the Tsimshian in British Columbia.  ... it was a belief that aboriginal peoples needed to be indoctrinated into Western culture ... Mr. Duncan refused to start teaching this people about the Christian Gospels until he had had the opportunity to become fluent in the language of the Tsimshians. Thereafter he stayed with the people and taught them how to exist in a world that was very different than the one to which they were accustomed.  It was a difficult feat to move from relative primitivism to a more advanced society in such a short time..."   From Metlakatla Indian Community website
The way this mob treated the police is abuse, subjecting them to screaming profanity and harassment for at least eight and a half minutes that we see here. Yes, there is police brutality in the world but we should still respect the law. Yes, black lives matter. Yes, this white man's life matters. But, these police officers who are just doing their job when they have just watched this man selling LSD and hash oil should not be harassed and abused this way. This is the epitome of ridiculous.
". . . I can’t recall him doing anything similar for working class white folk. "  No, I also can't recall him lighting up the White House in special colors for white people.  But I can recall him pulling the nation, if not the world, off the brink of global economic collapse with a Keynsian "stimulus" plan while Europe was choosing neo-liberal austerity.  I can also recall him specifically bailing out Chrysler and GM -- without Republican help -- thus saving countless jobs for working class people of all colors, including white.  And I recall him passing an health insurance plan that extended health insurance to 20 million Americans, many of them surely white and working class.  Ignore all that, right? He lit up the White House in rainbow colors. No wonder Donald Trump won.
It's a restatement of an old principle of common law: silence lends assent. In this case, it would mean that white folks who see white supremacism and don't call it out are going along with it.   It also tries to estrange white folk from certain vital assumptions common to white identity in the USA.  This would include the idea that racism no longer exists in the USA, that whiteness is not a race, that equal opportunity is the norm,  that white privilege is natural,  etc.
' …it's part in history was as a symbol of a breakaway nation founded on white supremacy and the protection of slavery.  Yes, that upsets many people.
if only the white community would recognize this!  and where is the "broken windows" philosophy going to come down in business?
Correlation and causation are not the same thing.  I would have to be convinced that there was either deliberate bias against non white/non male candidates or that there was, as you say, intrinsic bias against such candidates. The one is easy to prove and I suspect not relevant (deliberate bias). The other is more problematic. How does one establish intrinsic bias? Or is your argument circular in nature, because there is an imbalance against women and minorities, defacto there is intrinsic bias.
Only one group was carrying torches. Nazis and white supremacists.
Yes, the "Alt-Left" is a thing. I'm sure you know Conservatives/Republicans that wouldn't never go to or support a White Supremacist/Nationalist rally. Just as I'm sure you know Democrats/Liberals that wouldn't be part of Antifa or a counter protest group. That's why these groups are considered minority factions of their polictical parties.
Chief White, the recipe for cesspool isn't complicated. All it takes is a policy dictating police become case managers/social workers.
Spoken like a straight white male. You are a straight white male, aren't you?
Bill: yes indeed, the Confederate flag is just about "freedom", it has nothing to do with White Supremacy/White nationalism and racism.  You'd better tell the White Supremacists that so they can adopt a new symbol.  Gary Crum    here's a link for you with photos of the flags of the "alt-right and white supremacists."  Let's guess what flag is prominently displayed.  http://www.pennlive.com/news/2017/08/post_143.html
Then I feel sorry for your best friend if this is true and you hold a black and white perspective where even the slightest transgression is just as bad as the most extreme.
Mr. Harris is not a liberal. He is just an educated black man. I suspect you have no desire to know the truth about white racism in general and white racism locally, in particular. Most white folks have no desire to know about how much rape, robbery, torture, and murder that they have benefited from. If you don't believe this simple truth, please give us the year and date that white racism stopped effecting public policy locally and nationally.
We see that you are an apologist and supporter of the white supremacists along with your man, tRump.  If you aren't against them, you are for them.  No middle ground.  If you deflect from the violence perpetrated by them , you support their "summer of hate" with their Make America gr...Hate caps and all.  Are you so so proud?
Perhaps Mbalula should read his Amilcar Cabral notes, again...  "We are fighting so that insults may no longer rule our countries, martyred and scorned for centuries, so that our peoples may never more be exploited by imperialists not only by people with white skin, because we do not confuse exploitation or exploiters with the colour of men's skins; we do not want any exploitation in our countries, not even by black people". Amilcar Cabral
Thanks EN,  Not everyone appreciates my presence in this forum!  I love Sousa's music.  I saw a PBS special on him long ago and he was literally the first American Rock Star!  He ans his band would tour the country by train and folks would come out in droves to see and listen to him.  Also, I was thinking that "This Land is Your Land" would never make it thru the PC crowd check today.  To white and non-inclusive.  It forgets Alaska, Hawaii, and at the time of writing, the Philippines.  I guess if the lyrics were changed to "From American Samoa (maybe Guam?) to Puerto Rico ..." that might help.  ;)
1/ So obnoxious. Not only am I reasonable, but ever since returning to the church, fully cognizant of and fundamentally opposed to its discrimination against women and LGBTs, I've committed to engaging with the church's arguments.  It was clear throughout this interminable election season that the US hierarchy leaned toward Trump. Many of us experienced the kind of plausibly deniable politicking priests have turned into a fine art. Their support for Trump put them in a coalition that included white evangelicals, the (anti-Catholic) KKK, the American Nazi Party, the alt-right and its white supremacist ideologues, corrupt and disgraced government officials like Chris Christie (now transition director for the president-elect), climate change deniers like Myron Ebell, who is rumored to be Trump's pick to head the EPA, anti-government conspiracy theorists and self-styled militiamen, Russian sympathizers, and sundry assorted deplorables.
I'm a young white woman and this article makes me more saddened with the state of America than Donald Trump winning the presidential election. How can we not see that this is discrimination at its finest? Old white men are now being denied employment because there is a more DIVERSE candidate, not a more QUALIFIED one. The racism and stereotyping in this nation needs to stop for ALL people alike, including the type of hate displayed here against old white men.
Having not yet personally condemned either Putin for expelling our diplomats (or anything for that matter...) or the white nationalist groups who feel enabled to spew anti-American hate since his election, Trump attacked the CEO of Merck (a black man) less than an hour after he resigned from Trump's Manufacturing Council in protest. Says volumes, folks.
A lot of white women don't know when they have it good. They go off to college with there parents money and come home screaming and cursing a lot of gender theory about how oppressed they are by the white male patriarchy. Then they graduate and go off and find a boyfriend of color. A few months later there back, begging to be let back home and crying that he beats them and he cheats and he takes there money and he flushed there contraception and now they're pregnant. They got a taste of non-white male patriarchy and suddenly the white male patriarchy doesn't look so bad. I'm not saying they shouldn't be allowed to vote, but a lot of them should just hold off voting until they figure out what's good for them.
I'm a moderate and don't get caught up in either sides politics, I think they both suck. But to say that there isn't a fringe element to both sides that are pushing extreme views and agendas is a complete lie and playing victim. The right has its fanatics to include the supremacists, the anti abortion and even the hard core religions. The left has Occupy, Black Lives Matters and the homosexual driven groups. I have seen and viewed black lives matters participate in equally demonstrative and objectionable tactics to include spewing derogatory remarks towards white people, spitting on cops and call them insults and even killing cops. They have to take responsibility for those actions as the right does for its. I'm not a big fan of Trump at all but what he says makes sense to me. These two forces will keep colliding because neither one wants to back off its agenda, the cops will be the ones to take the brunt of it, they have to continue to mediate this nonsense.
Well, it is a race issue and blacks felt, at that time, completely at war with the dominant culture that it felt was flooding its communities with heroin and locking up its citizens for far longer periods than similarly charged whites. Also, MLK was gunned down, showing many that peace may not be the way for further change. Farrakhan was a leading force in attempting to force slumlords to accept responsibility for their dangerous buildings: the race-baiting of Jews was in that context, as abhorrent as it was.  As far as his marriages: never heard the man was abusive to any of them. I like to follow the "judge not" rule, especially in personal issues, but go ahead on if your life is spotless! Finally, in saying what he did about the races, it's not that different from proclaiming a certain race, The Chosen People, is it?
I'm guessing you haven't spent much time in western alaska.  They will not be "wiling to try to learn from this", they wouldn't give a shit as it is if it hadn't made the news.     The law is the law or it isn't.  There needs to be the same jail time that some white dude from florida would get if he shot a whale with a deer rifle.
To my shock, I kind of agree with Kiszla. For Marshall's sake I hope he doesn't kneel for the anthem again (let's be honest...it hasn't accomplished anything and I'm not sure what this protest would be about--the last one was a comment against police brutality against African-Americans, but this one would be about...racism, I guess? Which was written into our Constitution before it was written out?  I digress).  But if he DOES go through with it, then Kiz is right: get some of your teammates to support your statement, preferably including White teammates and then go play your a-- off. You have the right to free speech just like the fans have the right to try and escape this country's problems for three hours on a Sunday.
The IRBA is not independent, it is part of Government, albeit statutory.   I looked at the Board... all were CA's mostly trained at KPMG as it happens, mostly since in 'Consulting', 'Banking / Financial Services' , with Government (PIC for example) or professional 'non-executives'. Are these the right people?....  ... Interestingly, not one is a 'white' male which does surprise me.... or maybe not!
Sure it's Obama's fault for the racism in this country. After all, he was elected (twice) while being black. Your logic is your own. You just make up terms to justify your opinions. If students or the school don't want a KKK speaker at their college, that is THEIR right. Black Lives Matter exists because people of color are tired of being killed just for being a POC. Tired of not being treated like a citizen of this country. It is not a terrorist group. KKK and Neo-Nazis are. They're just angry their white privilege is disappearing and they have to blame someone.
"Parents are deciding the gender of a child instead of nature" What the heck do you mean by that??? "Christianity is under assault as well as white males" Oh, you poor, poor dears. I don't feel under assault as a white male. Many Christians don't feel under assault. But, once again, you reveal what the organized defense of this man is really about. It's about the "freedom" of conservative Christians to discriminate against gay people. It's about conservative Christians' ability to show their superiority over gay people. You and your fellow conservative Christians want to return our society to a time when your values were supreme. When gay people were in the closet, in insane asylums, or in prison. You and your fellow conservative Christians want to reassert yourselves, knowing that people couldn't discriminate against you because of your religion while being able to legally discriminate against gay people in the name of "religious freedom".
It is not reasonable to assume Trump said what he did for his "base."  There aren't enough of white supremacist folks or alt right folks  to make a difference in any election so let's put that to rest. It is clear that Presidents are reluctant to cast blame on one group even when they certainly should ( cf Obama's reaction to the shooting of the 5 Dallas Officers during a protest).  I believe he seemed back track after calling out and denouncing the abominable racist groups that were protesting is that he and his family, in the meantime,  had been attacked by groups associated with the counter protest while trying to return to their home in NY.  I think is was a very personal and impulsive response -terribly ill- timed.  This is not a defense or an excuse. It is only a possible explanation Having said that, the fact that armed groups that encourage hate can gather is a serious problem. An investigation is warranted. Groups for violent regime change exist on both sides must be stopped.
Charles - Obama is half white so is he a recipient of "white privilege"?
The "we" in these racists studies seem to be mostly about whites in western societies. Where are the studies about racism in Africa. Remember Rwanda? Black racism against whites Zimbabwe. Arab racism against Jews. Japanese antipathy against foreigners. The underlying assumption is that as the dominant race for the past few centuries that whites should have progressed beyond such primitive impulses. Minorities as the object of racism complain about being discriminated against ignoring the racism their own race practices in different circumstances or cultures. Black antisemitism  in the US is a good example. Racism, the us versus them phenomena, is not uniquely a white feature, it is in all humans.
Exacty the racist thinking I want to see changed (your line and wanting  this->)  "white maleness "only."  All the more reason that only performance at jobs  and grade performance in our schools should ever be counted.    The good news is, we are heading that way-CA now allows gender nuetral birth certificates. All states should do this and they need to stop any/all race and ethnicity notations as well. It should not matter-not in schools, not in the Census and not in jobs.
"Trump may have piled onto the controversy this season but to suggest that it's all his fault it just wrong." I never said it was all his fault, but as you said, he did add fuel to the fire. And the players were not disrespecting the anthem. They were disrespecting the treatment of minorities in this country. Personally, I feel that the disrespect many whites show towards minorities is way worse than minorities showing disrespect for the treatment they receive from whites. BTW: I don't know why you say I dislike the national anthem being played before sporting events. I am in favor of it being played anytime, for any reason. It gives me chills and makes me proud to be an American. But when Kaepernick first kneeled, I knew exactly why because he told everyone why, and it was not to show disrespect for the national anthem or the flag or the country. He said it was to "protest wrongdoings against African Americans and minorities in the United States." I respect him for that. Best RTD
agree.  And Saipan has been a problem in terms of massive corruption, prostitution, child trafficking, etc.  Being non-white and being a "native" does not make a person heroic.
Demonizing your ennemy as low white racist is a clever but it puts you on the same level as them. The issue where is not racism, it is about a minister of the Crown openly lying about his vitae. From now on, all that will come out of his mouth will be met with skepticism. For a Minister of Defense, this is a huge liability. He's not exactely the Minister of Youth lying about his age, it is the Minister of Defense lying about is career as a member of the forces he now leads... his credibility is shot... forgive the pun. Now, he also stated in the past of not participating in extra-judicial kidnapping and handing over prisoners to forces, the Afghans, that were know to torture prisoners which goes against international laws... How, just how,am I suppose to believe him  now.
Yeah, 5 men who serve in the military and love their country saw a group of people flying a Canadian flag upside down, were offended by that, went over, asked a few questions, then left. Not one hint of violence, but OMG, they may have RAISED THEIR VOICES! Yes, that vile far-right white mens group is sooooooo bad and evil. Imagine if they had stooped to stopping a popular parade to a standstill for an hour, how would you report on it then?
So how long is your "long time"? You obviously weren't around in the 50's. Joe McCarthy was a Republican. Black men were hung just for looking at a white woman.  Perhaps you should educate yourself a bit more.  Feel the Bern!
Well that doesn't mean we can't execute the white ones. This guy happens to be white. And his victim a Native.
Ms. Renzi, you fail to mention that the Swedish music festival was cancelled due to "A debate about sexual molestation raged in Sweden in 2016 after it emerged that groups of mostly teenage boys of Afghani, Somali and Moroccan descent had been groping girls at the We Are STHLM youth festival for two years running. Read more at http://www.wnd.com/2017/07/migrant-rapes-spell-doom-for-popular-summer-music-fest/#Tiourzo7TOLQqgQQ.99 ".   Rather brave attributing this to white males.
I am a conservative and voted for Trump and do not buy that he is what the left has labeled him as. BUT your comment is not intellectually honest. And it is inflammatory. I am on the fence with the whole statue thing but removal hardly represents American whites being systematically exterminated. This whole thing is ugly and disturbing and I wish the local government had contained it better so these fringers would go home after unzipping their prejudices to the world.
Some folks call american euro types 'grey-meat' some call them gussick and on an on....If we are making this monumental change then the feds must address everybody. The etymology of caucasian is rooted in a term by Johann Blumenback in 1795 to describe white folk. Derived from the Black and Caspian Seas area. Really?  That sure let's a lot of folks out in inclusion, not all white guys come from those areas. Different cultures, languages, history etc... is being ignored. How about Heinz 57 as a descriptor?
You love to use Obama as a scapegoat for the status quo of the so-called Native Hawaiians when your land was taken and your people were divided years ago by the white man. Obama will be out of office in a few months then what will your excuse be?
This will only be news to some white folks. The rest of us know how violent this country is. The 2nd Amendment is all about the right to kill. "All lives" have never mattered in this country.
Another example for Richard Spencer's scrapbook of "white exceptionalism".
According to Lee's decendents, Lee wanted the country to heal -- not statues of confederate soldiers (including himself), or the confederate flag to keep the wounds open. After losing the war, Lee had the wisdom to want to unite our country  Statues, and confederate flag belong in museums if for historical value, but not publicly displayed as if bigotry is a badge of honor IMO. Nice, but not surprising to know you join Trump in supporting white supremacy, como.
The one who failed to elaborate is you--say clearly what you mean and there's no opportunity to 'put words in your mouth.' I doubt you're honest enough.  There was no projection--denouncing 'multi-culti' means advocating monoculture.  And I dismiss out-of-hand white people's attempts to bolster their arguments by claiming not to be white.  Nor are moral people only found in the 'prevailing' culture you seem to prefer, and only someone seeking to exalt themselves above others would take such a position (which is by definition immoral).  The other fallacy is that ONLY western culture is capable of invention and innovation.  You fall victim to the logical fallacy of confusing (and/or conflating) military 'superiority' and the economic largess derived therefrom with cultural, moral, ethical, spiritual and intellectual superiority.  You are of course wrong as hell.  All your vaunted 'superiority' constitutes is that your society is better at killing.  That's always a temporary situation.
The Max Billions haven't relieved freeway congestion but have contributed to diversity in criminal activity.  Still mostly in the "numbers",  but also spread out along the Max stations as well.  TriMet provides the getaway car.  Or the "get to" transportation.    And where is the anti knife lobby?  When will pocket knife registration begin?  Oh,  and where is passenger safety on TriMet?  No plainclothes "track marshals" to be a deterring force to maintain a modicum of safety?  Portland is a criminal soft target,  city wide.  As ye sow,  so shall ye reap.  And don't give me any BS about white males.  The Multnomah county commission is ALL female.   Nothing has changed.  The Portland City Council is diverse:  rich trust puppies (mayor and at least two councilmen) and women.  How's that working out?   Liberal progressive coddlers, all.  Portland's Neville Chamberlain government.  And no city cops enough to have a traditional Rose Parade.
Damage: Erosion of our freedoms and transparency in government.  Reporters don't pass the laws, they don't make the decisions.  They report.  All they've been doing since Trump got elected is to REPORT his crazy TWEETS and point out when he's wrong about a FACT.  Free press is a cornerstone of a free nation and one of the things we NEED to help prevent your "Amerika", whatever that's supposed to mean.  I assume it means you think the Lefties will go so far left that they become fascist (which is actually far right)?  Or are they commies?  I guess it doesn't matter, right, left, fascist, commie, Democrats are all of those things to you!  That's really sad.  The right spends so much time making up insults for other people and so little time finding out what's actually happening in the world.  Racist, god-loving, white, christian heads stuck in the sand while the rest of Earth is now looking to the CHINESE to lead because Trump is going backwards.  That's the real situation out there.
mira, For a person so concerned with racism & the treatment of First Nations peoples, you sure participate in your share of racism and hyperbole. Canada is one of the safest and most tolerant countries on Earth. We have our failings, and a small minority of white supremacists do exist here, but a quick look at crime statistics would show that on average, First Nations peoples are much safer living in Canada's cities than they are on reserves where instances of crime are much higher. And John didn't pass all blame or absolve Canada of any responsibility for these developments, instead, he accepts that Canada must contribute funding to help address the crisis but that First Nations communities can only solve the issue from within. How can you deny this? First Nations have been fighting for more autonomy and with that comes responsibility for outcomes. Autonomy means when things go wrong, regardless of why, it's up to you to solve them. Blame doesn't solve anything, action does.
Reading this article, I feel like they are splitting hairs in an effort to separate similar ideologies. Maybe the BLM leadership voices condemnation for the violence and crime committed by individuals taking the BLM message to the extreme. If this WLM leadership were to voice a non-violent approach while the members committed crimes in the WLM name would they be removed from the "hate group list"?  Remember Milwaukee, a black armed thug shot by black cop and people flooded the streets chanting "Black lives matter" and "black power" while rioting and targeting and assaulting whites.  For the record, I support neither of these groups limited ideology. I find these groups to cause more problems than they solve because of the suggestive influence these segregated names imply. I think all of the "Lives matter" groups should work together under the "All Lives Matter" moniker. The inclusive name could really open new doors of communication and positive change. Isn't that what we really want?
Republicans who love this country but cannot bring themselves to vote for Hillary Clinton (something I can fully understand) will vote for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson.  Republicans who vote for Donald Trump will be endorsing white supremacist and anti-Semitic hatred as national policies.  That is both unforgivable and un-American.   Republicans can step outside their party and choose a decent man without betraying their principles.  This is what Republicans worthy of being called Americans will do.
Trump’s DACA decision was not unexpected. As many observers (including yours truly) anticipated, Trump and his team decided to please his white supremacist base and the GOP governors and attorneys general who demanded this cruel policy rather than stand up to them. Protecting children and young adults who committed no crime beyond being brought to America at an early age by their parents is enormously popular, including among Republicans. If Trump were a true populist, he would ride on a wave of public sentiment against his own party. But bigotry and white supremacy are core values of this administration, even if it means cratering further in public opinion.
Antifa got its start fighting Nazis in Europe, as White supremacy grew in the United States post slavery and Jim Crow the movement moved here. While far from a unified group, the independent ANTIFA practitioners are a reaction to and against white supremacy. You can disagree with methods (I for one don't believe in violence) but they are not equivalent to a hate group, they exist specifically to combat them.  Its not crazy to think that if hate groups are going to march and publicly demand the destruction of entire cultures (along with anyone not from those cultures that would disagree) that that in and of itself would be considered violent and assaultive and that people might then defend themselves against it.
It was white, European people (largely missionaries in fact) who learned those languages and invented a way to write them (and a lot of other languages of preliterate people around the world) and taught it to them. But there was no way you could teach them everything they needed to know in a modern society by using only their own languages. They had to be able to read a western language in which all the books were written to be able to participate in the wider society.  "An abolitionist movement only started in the late 18th century, however, when English and American Quakers began to question the morality of slavery." -Wikipedia
Trump just addressed the protest - and Klan Leader David Duke tweeted:  David Duke @DrDavidDuke I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/896420822780444672 … 12:03 PM - Aug 12, 2017
End white racism and I'll stop talking about it. BTW, that is a job for white people. The rest of us just have to survive you.
Can we all agree that some are upset that Obama didnt get a 3rd term and its the white establishments fault? LMAO
The Democratic Party's traditional working class base has seen that party Shanghaied by left-wing elitists and special interest groups. That is why white, working-class Americans flocked to Trump in 2016. As long as the Democratic Party remains beholden to its left-wing fringe, the Republican Party will have a lock on millions of voters without whose support the Democrats will not be able to take back control of Congress, the governors' mansions and the state legislatures. If the Democrats continue to heap contempt on those voters with bons mots such as "basket of deplorables", they will also find it difficult to win back the rust belt states and the Presidency . Unless the Democrats reconnect with their traditional base, they could find themselves wandering in the political wilderness for another decade.
Odd that you, Pocho, (we know you're not a white guy), likes this, since this turns the system into more of socialized medicine system with the government getting directly involved in paying for citizen's premiums.   Lower income people will get "free stuff" which you MAGAphants are always complaining about.  Time to get a big-boy brain.  Maybe god can help with that.
I suppose it's possible to view a comment in moderation, compose a three-line response, submit it for moderation and have it posted in three minutes. Efficient.  To answer your question, the connection extends beyond Lucia's post hoc anti-Soviet turned pro-Russia "prophecy." It's certainly an interesting question how for Fatima conspiracy theorists the Cold War metamorphosed into an embrace of Putin's Russia as the great defender of white Christianity. At any rate, at least one of those Fatima Center Publications heavily relies on Russian state propaganda organs like RT (and others; can't remember).  In retrospect my unlikely encounter with this stuff was the beginning of the end of my return to the Catholic Church. Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine it was a harbinger of things to come: the rise of Trumpism and the revelation that Putin minions actively manipulated Western actors, whether wittingly or unwittingly, to further Russian interests. Tragic.
According to the statistics you give  ... "Black women constitute only about 13% of the female population (age 15-44) in the United States, but underwent approximately 36% of the abortions. Black women are more than 5 times as likely as white women to have an abortion." ...  Now why would black mothers chose to do that? Might it be that they judge having an additional child might be dangerous to the health and welfare of the existing family?
geez bill: You did your best to cause a violent scene and failed miserably....all that happened was someone ripped your Trump-Pence sign from your hands.  I'm guessing you've seen the videos of what happened to persons who protested at Trump's campaign rallies.  I'm guessing you heard his comments encouraging violence against those protesters.  Let's do a little experiment.  The next time there's a white supremacy/white nationalist rally, let's you and I go with a couple of NAACP signs and march "against the flow" of the demonstration and see how things work out.  I would predict we'll experience reactions far beyond someone ripping our signs out of our hands.  How 'bout it Bill....ready to try it.   give me a call and we'll do it.   Gary Crum
Perhaps you should read the Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and USC 1182, Title 8, Chapter 12 (f).  Who we allow into this country is ALWAYS discriminatory.  When a particular "religion", be it nazism, communism, or islam has declared war on the US...then it is incumbent on the President, through his Constitutional and legislated power to do what he can to ensure enemies do not enter the country.  Where YOU (and some judges) seem to be mistaken, is to ASSUME that OUR Constitutional Rights apply to Foreign nationals, in Foreign countries.  They do not.  (Nor should they!)  These judges should be impeached for attempting to legislate from the bench for an out of power political party.  They have violated their Article III authority and power.  They should be impeached. As to your crime stats....why would be want MORE bad actors in the country?  I'm not sure about your "white nationalists"....do crimes committed by "black nationalists" count as well?  Just asking.....
Some comments show a real gap in understanding of what this protest is even about.  Has this guy ever read or listened to an African American explain WHY in the world they are taking the knee during the National Anthem.  They are not trying to say they don't like the anthem or they don't like living in this country or they hate the flag.  To the contrary, they are saying their nation's flag no longer COVERS THEM.  The blood shed for our flag should not be in vain.  They are trying to call attention to the black Americans--some women, one a CHILD, who was only 12 years old,  who are being shot by officers in this country-and not a SINGLE one of them has been punished with the slightest amount of jail time. Police in this nation are mostly good, but we have to look at the wrongs and right them.  That is what that FLAG is all about.  Speaking out against wrongs.   Our flag should protect EVERYONE, not just those of us privileged enough to have white skin.  That "privilege" is a disgrace.
What a diverse group of young white millennials! #DenverSoWhite
How many so-called “white privileged” role models are portrayed as evil criminals or villains on TV wanting to destroy the world ?
View From Here, if "well-intentioned whites who haven't a clue about what life is like for a person of color" are to get a clue, they may need the assistance of those who know. That's not to say that people of color are primarily responsible for white people becoming aware of their racial biases (or vice versa). I do mean that some of us may need some help in getting started since it may be a case of not knowing what is not known. That help may come from any person, never mind their skin color. What's important to me is that people, all people, begin to become aware of their biases. Only by doing so will we ever be able to interact with a person who is different as a PERSON, and not as a black, brown, yellow, red, blue, or white person. Thanks for the link to the Race IAT. I'll do it.
[up until it calls openly for the death of other people] Let's get this straight.  There is a difference between shouting out hateful speech and speech that incites violence?  That speech that arguably predicates on violence is different from speech that suggests it?  For example, is there a difference between "You will not replace us" and "Death to all jews?" [So yes if you defend the words the Nazis are speaking then you are a nazi sympathizer and are equal to the nazis.] That appears to be a no.  It seems there is no difference between defending a Nazi's right to speech, even if the words themselves are about the superiority of the white race versus calling for violence against all non-whites.
Of course all of this could've been avoided and stopped now if the Great Divider, Trump, would say unequivocally that he is against racial discrimination, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and the like, and that the Government will be working to end such discrimination and hate groups; and that he respects the players' right to protest. But since he prefers to tear people apart to feed his ego and gain attention, that will likely not occur.
Yes, it is reality.  One way for Trump to remain in charge would be to declare martial law, keeping all power in his hands and that of his trusted handler, Bannon.  All those white supremacy groups who love Trump would join right in, and love being allowed to hunt down anyone they don't like.
Trump’s Signals to White Supremacists Aren’t Dog Whistles. They’re Flares. From Charlottesville to DACA, he’s following a pattern that we ignore at our peril.
My husband and I have a place where we live and I find them all the time. I keep them. they were a gift. not very many people find them. think about what we can learn by finding things from our history. How people lived, how they hunted, how they dug food from the ground, how they prepared it. "Yes lets cover that up and never learn from it". Even if I found an arrowhead and say I kept it in my BEDroom till the day that I died and my house rots to the ground stickers grow over the foundation THAT rock will still be here, long after we are all gone so why would anyone give two shits if we study it. I doubt that the Indian who made it really cares what happens to it. something that has been here for 10,000+ years will surely outlast the white people who have been here for a mere couple hundred. white people will leave such a scar on this earth and we have been here for the least amount of time. they will be unearthing plastic kids toys, milk jugs 10,000+ years after we are all gone.
The Liberal base (young and middle-aged females, students and youth in general, minorities, teachers and all others getting a taxpayer-paid paycheque, indigenous people, GTA, as well as all other manner of greenies and lefties) likely aren't as concerned about capital gains rate and the DTC as are the white guys who voted Harper.  Sorry, Trudeau's here as long as he wants.  The hilarious thing is I know folks who work in the private sector who vote Liberal or even NDP - the public sector unionists are killing themselves laughing about that!
It is always amusing to hear from the local "constitutional scholars" who think that the Second Amendment give citizens unlimited rights to purchase and own military grade weaponry.  I agree, it is time to repeal the Second Amendment.  Angry White men with firearms pose a much greater threat to our national security than ISIL.
The President took an enormous amount of criticism for saying there were good people on both sides in Charlottesville (he did not say that white supremacists and neo-Nazis were good people) and for saying that there were people on both sides who perpetrated violence. In what way was he wrong? Even the "progressive" mayor of Berkeley agrees that antifa is a criminal gang.   I'm not a fan of Trump's by any means: didn't vote for him and doubt I will vote for him in 2020. But the shrill hysterical attacks on him are not persuading anyone. In fact, they're going a long way toward enabling his re-election.
It's the judges discretion to be soft on white collar crime because money feels no pain.
"I WANT to see happen in the future in response to the White Supremacists' purpose and conduct being made illegal."  That will NEVER happen as long as white supremacist Democrat slave owning puppet masters keep funding the ACLU. You don't have to take my word for it, just go ask Klastri to show you the list of (D)onors that funds the ACLU. LOL
These comments are hilarious.   Angry white folks?  So far I have not seen one dispute over the authenticity of hacked emails of the DNC.  A betting man would conclude all the emails were factual.  Your comment about those sitting next to you in the pew is the height of hypocrisy, who is the actual pharisee I always hear about on this site?  By the way I did not vote for Trump either.
Would it make you feel better if she had cited the statistics of white males sexually assaulting women  and girls in Canada...because I am pretty sure the statistics are higher than 0.
HAHAHAHA. .  .the only pathway for a corporate voice in American politics is to be on a Trump council??  Did Trump sign an executive order outlawing lobbying and political contributions???  Did Trump use his multi-billions to acquire Twitter (and Facebook, and the various newspapers and internet websites out there???)?  Is he gonna ban corporate shareholder meetings by executive order?  Or press releases?  Is he banning corporate players from speaking to Congress members?  Yeah, they may not talk to Trump anymore - if for no other reason than to avoid risking being branded as White Supremacist sympathizers by association WITH Trump.    But, no ability to provide input???  "Zip"???
Not likely!KPMG did not initiate the crooked Zupta deals.They merely facilitated them.Now that KPMG is exposed as complicit , Zuptas are trying to shift all the blame to them.Not very convincing unless you buy fully into the White Monopoly Capital rhetoric.
Trump will go away someday- the problem is that tens of millions of Americans support a man who was clearly unqualified by experience, knowledge and temperament, a man who is both amoral and immoral, and a man who got (and still gets) loud applause for insulting millions of innocent Latinos, millions of innocent Muslims, encouraging white supremacists  with his nods and winks and statements about "fine" individuals in their midst, and who even mocked a disabled person, while also reducing women to sex objects.  Yet millions voted for him, including women, including a majority of white Catholics, including a majority of so-called "christians".  Trump will pass, but will the "movement" he unleashed - of hatred, of fear, of scapegoating, pass with him?  Jeff Sessions is pursuing a racist agenda at DOJ, the Republicans in Alabama nominated a man so bigoted he was removed from the courts. You see many here who defend Trump and his agenda. What does that say about the state of our nation?
Ms. Dan asks: "...is it only well off, lawyered up, white people who get away with this crime?"  In Alaska, absolutely.  Bashore.  Ellis.  Gross.  All did a year's time, or less, for taking someones life through--at the very least--criminal negligence.  And Bashore bragged about it.  And now Forbes.  How many examples do we need before folks start connecting the dots?
Marie Dennis, co-president of Pax Christi International, said she has been in the business of protesting for many decades.  "Catholics have a record of being visible in the streets, as we are today, and being open to deep, meaningful reflection about what it means to be faithful."  Well said, Marie!  Many Catholics including priests and religious marched with Dr. M.L. King.  Unfortunately, there were also many Catholics who were actively opposed to the Civil Rights movement.  Many bishops received angry letters from white Catholics demanding that a priest or nun be disciplined for associating with Dr. King and his movement.
No, everyone will be whining, except wealthy whites, because Trump will destroy the country, and probably much of the world.  No problem, Russia will move in to help.
How frequently do 'white and/or Christians' go 'off the rails' in relation to Islamic terrorist events?
Here's how wikipedia begins its page on Stormfront:  "Stormfront is a white nationalist, white supremacist  and neo-Nazi Internet forum that was the Web's first major racial hate site"  I was happy to see the legal cases they and their adherents lost in Canada.  Despite your defence of them, Martel, I'm happy that the Globe has a policy against similar hate speech in its online comments.
well at least you were honest and not using casuistry. I disagree that you know the will of God in this particular case. In fact the issue was brought up twice in 15 years by the church. That is sufficient to show that it was still not clear, not a black and white issue. It is not a black and white issue to anyone whose natural sympathies have not been warped by dogma.  Are there any people whose natural sympathies have been warped by dogma? Indeed, many.
Rhyner, why do you comment on things about which you literally know nothing?  Don't you see that doing so affects whatever credibility you might have on other subjects?  The facts on deaths by police say differently than you.  The facts on rates of incarceration say differently than you.  The fact that Donald Trump is regarded by many many racists as having "freed" them up to "talk about how they really feel" about non-whites, and the content of their now publically expressed thoughts, says differently than you.
Pan-Africanism is a dream and always will be while there are greedy and corrupt politicians who are bought off by the bourgeoisies, corporates and greedy countries like China, and are in it for their own benefit.  We have them in our own political system, just north of our border, and many others in Africa.  It's up to the leaders to keep their noses clean and deal with the crooked (there are more black racists about these days than white, honey-bunch) who will constantly blame colonialism instead of getting on with the job of building Africa and keeping a check on the China's of this world who (just as the West did) believe Africa is again a resource for their taking.  And it won't happen overnight!
This reminds of growing up here in Hawaii, back in the 60's and 70's, when kids would proclaim a "beat up the haole" day. School kids would randomly gang up on  haoles for no apparent reason, only for being white... I hope we don't do that anymore...
Why this competition about who suffered most? We all know how apartheid was applied. Discrimination and oppression was applied in degrees based on whether you are white, Asian (Indian), Coloured or Black (African). Whether you talk about the right to do business, quality of education, provision of services in communities, quality of health care etc. the fact of apartheid speak for themselves. There is only one group (and one reason) why only Blacks (Africans) were consigned to homelands and not considered citizen of Apartheid South Africa. We will do well to fight racism and discrimination in all its manifestations instead of wasting our time comparing the degree of suffering of one victim against that of another!
Politicians of both sexes should be able to handle this barb(ie)s  and laugh them off otherwise they have no place in politics.   The overreaction will now ensure Lady McKenna's new moniker will stick to her forever more. Now if Gerry Ritz were to be called a "knuckle dragger", "old white guy", "old boy"- would  Justin be expressing outrage?
You're repeating a well known myth that has been thoroughly debunked.  "Haole" is *not* a contraction of the words "ha" and "ole."  A detailed summary is provided by Hawaiian historian Adam Keawe Manalo-Camp here:  http://hawaiianhistorian.blogspot.com/  "For this reason Dave expounded on your mention of context with the fact that the context is commonly properly understood as "[f'in] haole" when used."  Nope, still depends on the context.  If I am pointing out my wife in a crowd of non-white people, it is common for me to identify her as the haole girl in the black dress or whatever.  It's a descriptor.  No different than saying popolo to describe a black person.    You're desperately trying to pretend as if context doesn't matter, but it does.  You are at least subconsciously aware of this fact, otherwise you wouldn't see a difference between me saying my wife is haole and me calling you an F!@#in haole.  Just like the way you used the word nigger, context always matters.  Always.
Until the 60s "Negro" was deemed proper and polite by White people. Let Black people refer to themselves however they want to be referred to, just as how we take the lead with Natives. Some like to be called Indians, some like to be called Native and some Aboriginal.   Also I've never heard of a black person getting upset at being called black. I have been corrected at calling them African-American to African-Canadian..or just Canadian. Makes sense.   Why does this need your approval?
So the values of colonialism is still revered? You may say what you will about the never ending war on terrorism, but in the end, it is those same policies that slaughtered 100 million Natives here in our hemisphere, in order to steal and coerce the Natives resources and lands, in a government sponsored foreign policy that enriches a very few corporations and freebooters, with blood money profits taken off the backs of the Native owners, that created and continues the war on terror. Our government figures are bribed and coerced into supporting the foreign policy of resource domination, that dictates American taxpayers spend trillions overseas for the profit of a few white collar thieves, murderers, parasites and leeches, while defunding our infrastructure and health and social programs. These so called christians going to their christian heaven makes as much sense as the murdering terrorists going to their Islamic heavens with their 72 virgins, after slaughtering innocents.
Right.  Read the Atlantic if you think "thank god" for the newest hundred thousand that have been moving here and have 'transformed' the racial makeup.  That is not an informed comment. Portland has become most white city in the country in America - in fact, the whitest.  We didn't have that distinction in decades past.
Ken was Barbie's brother. He was a bit...simple. Representative of most white males. Boys could identify with him.
You should google these things before you proclaim them as facts.  There is plenty of data showing blacks receive harsher sentences than whites for the same crimes. I doubt you'll actually read this Wall Street Journal article (a generally conservative source), but I'm citing it in the unlikely event your opinion might be influenced by actual facts:  http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424127887324432004578304463789858002
I don't understand the attachment of white evangelicals to Trump in any shared values.   That leads me to believe they are exactly the voters that 'identity politics' persuaders love to see.  Ex.   White, above average income, authoritarian friendly,(should be servants to god, but the professionals can transfer that to human leaders easily).   Just find out what that group wants to hear and tell them.   Simple, and it doesn't have to be true.  Be sure not to get tied down by facts if you want the vote.   That's identity politics and The Party uses it on a public mostly disinterested in the details of governing.  If the voter sees something 'like us' in a candidate, they go that way.   They have no time or interest in complexity of policy, they have other things to do.
Most probably there may be a reason for Trump's accusation about the bias of Judge Curiel who is a member of  the California La Raza Lawyers Association that was co-founded by a man who publicly bragged about Hispanics taking over California and all of the state’s governmental institutions–and insisted that whites should go back to Europe (source: http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2016/06/09/whites-go-back-europe-california-hispanic-state-said-founder-judge-curiels-group/).
So there is your fabulous Charter yet again. We can look to section 1 to begin with, that is the weasel clause where members of the judiciary can take away your rights. That's right, they can say you rights have been violated but that is okay because it is acceptable in a free and democratic society. That is why Canadians no longer have free speech. By the way the Americans would never have stood for a section like this.    Next on the hit parade is section 15(2) and that is how they get away with affirmative action... oops, we have to use the warm and fuzzy term, employment equity. Oh what is this? You didn't get the promotion because you are a white male? Tough the Charter lets them do it.   Then section 7. Well people are making appropriate comments here.   What? You thought the Charter would be the same as the US Bill of Rights? AHA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA...
Sorry, Robert.  You are not even close here.  If you look back, you'll see that this type of violence, whether by police or others, has been around for a long time.  You can, instead, point the finger at people like Al Sharpton and his ilk, who encourage citizens to challenge the police, sometimes violently, when they are trying to do their job.  They point fingers at the white establishment as the blame for all the social and economic ills.  There is one city that everyone, but especially blacks, should be condemning for citizens dying--Chicago.  Yet, we hear nothing from people like you about that...no protests, no "lives matter" slogans, no outrage.  Get your facts, emotions, and conclusions straight before blaming any one person.
"Frankly, but for him turning himself in through his lawyer, we're not sure when we would have been able to contact him," Campion said. "That kind of is a factor for the court in determining appropriate bail, and I think that'll come up at the bail hearing." Wow.....this DA is already rolling over and eager to make a plea agreement to Rex Butler. DA is not sure when the APD would have caught him without him turning himself in?? He must have a very little faith in APD's ability to catch criminals on the run. In terms of justice, it sound like this perpetrator is not a white young female so he may not get that sweetheart deal the Mr. Campion often championed.
From Charlottesville at the scene: New York Times reporter Sheryl Gay Stolberg, for one, attested: “The hard left seemed as hate-filled as alt-right,” she tweeted. “I saw club-wielding ‘antifa’ beating white nationalists being led out of the park.” If there were any doubt as to whether the Left were committing violence that day, Stolberg later clarified: “[I] should have said violent, not hate-filled.”
The media reported only what those hate groups themselves claimed to be, the KKK, American NAZIs, Vanguard America and white supremacists. The media, therefor, didn't make that up. Those groups rallied around a statue of Robert E. Lee but as a symbol of their white supremacy movement, and the only thing those groups want to preserve is the socially embedded concept of white racial superiority, at the expense of all others.  Those who remove those statues are state and local governments, doing so at the request and upon the authority of the citizens whom those governments represent.
Please!!! Let each and every reader of the Daily Maverick (that includes Max du Preez) now finally see that Afriforum is NOT "for whites only", Not apartheid in disguise, not Die Nuwe Broederbond. This is NOT an act of opportunism. This is the application of the law in South Africa as each citizen would like it to be. NOT politically inspired.
That was just for 420. What I don't understand is why someone - like 420 - will point at the perps and say "Black!" or "Muslim!" without looking further and recognizing that there is in fact another commonality. They are, but for a rare anomaly, men. Why is that so difficult to acknowledge? Most mass murderers are men. Mostly white men. Just a little more information....  And yes, I am jaded, but I'm an equal opportunity disdainer....
Have you actually ever listened to Milo Yiannopolus speeches? He's like a Gay, White Don Rickles. Even if you consider him a "racist, white supremacist" why should he not be allowed to speak? If someone doesn't like what he say's they don't have to go listen to him, and they are free to peaceably demonstrate outside.
It is indeed true that the intellectual class which  had set their hopes for social revolution on class conflict, were devastated when that dream fell apart. Many turned to another version based on race and gender conflict.  That isn't "a plot", it is an explanation. And it isn't a denial of the history of either class, race, or gender conflict, it is an explanation of why those intellectuals see everything in terms of those conflicts and see exacerbating them as a good thing.   And it isn't being "anti-diversity" not to buy into it, either. One can be pro-diversity and acknowledge past wrongs and current injustices without making the demonisation of white males the center of one's analysis.  Not everyone who buys into this view of the world has nefarious intent, many simply have been taught it and never questioned it, just as previous students never questioned what they were taught. Critical thinking isn't that common.
"Why are you offering up technicalities to defend the traitorous white supremacist Confederacy?"  Because dbsb3233 is like most on the right these day, they have no allegiance to the USA. They are party before country, only supremacy of their ideology matters to them. So they don't see the difference between a revolution that established this country and treason against this country. It's also why they don't see a problem with the treasonous involvement of the Trump cabal with Russia.
How many movies cast ethnic Hawaiians in Caucasian or Black character roles ???
I wonder what it says about you that in your brain a group proclaiming white is the supreme race is the exact same thing as wishing to not be murdered by police
My point is, is that because there isnt a penalty for having those views (you know, the views millions of people died for fighting against), or walking around with a Nazi flag, or having a rally where you talk about how much better the white race is than anyone else, is the reason why this country is so divided.  Germany did the right thing after WW2 and banned ALL that crap outright.   I agree - people should not get violent against another person based ONLY on their views.  However, we are talking about stuff we literally already went to war for.  Twice.  And those sides lost....BOTH times.  The fact is, there is a lot of fear right now in relation to this stuff.  The white nationalist movement has only gotten larger.  At what point do we seriously need to address the issue before another civil war erupts - because at the moment, all I hear from our leader is that "both sides were wrong".  No.  Nazis, and believing in ANYTHING they believe in, are wrong.  Period.
I am a woman in my twenties and run alone on this section of trail on an almost daily basis. Just a few days ago, I saw a man who fit this description with another black man standing around in street clothes, not exercising like most trail users. In spite of myself, I felt threatened. I wondered if I'd have been as afraid if the men had been white, Asian or Hispanic.   After reading this, though, I mostly just feel sad. My instinctive fear, and the realness of myself as a target, and the reinforcing of stereotypes--it all makes me feel so bad--bad for the officers whose fear led them to take innocent lives, bad for all the black boys who have to live their whole lives labeled as a threat when all they really are is husbands, and fathers and children. One black rapist doesn't make the whole culture dangerous, anymore than one vapid woman makes the whole gender stupid.  That said, I think I'll run somewhere else for a while.
"So there is an evil twin and a more evil twin? Who knew?!"--Funny how in Richard's world, a city dominated by upper middle class and wealthy white people are "the good guys."
The New Post Nation State Canadian Order of Trudeau identity politics.  Middle aged and older straight white males are hooped.
Donald's appeal to poor people would be a statement. Donald's appeal to poor white people is moving into the racist arena. Is that clear enough???  The rest of your comments fall under another definition... Look up bigot and re-read your assumptions.
I think you've missed the second two steps there. How are whites marginalized or alienated in our society? Quite the opposite, I'd suggest.   Nor are whites as a whole stigmatized or systemically discriminated against, though as minority representation increases, perhaps this sort of thing will gain ground. But the vociferousness of the response against Ms. Khan proves to me that the suggestion that whites bear any social stigma at present is laughable.
The "alt-right" is a recently made up term.  Now it's being pushed as synonymous with white supremacists.  The vast majority of this "alt-right" does not share the ideals or beliefs of Nazis and KKK members.  The "alt-right" is just a bunch of working people.  When someone makes up a term that is meant to include half the US population and then slowly changes the definition to describe a miniscule group it's called BS.  Wake up.  So what should Mr. Bannon need to be punished for?
Pelosi said “now they’re going to give it as a venue to Nazis and white nationalists.”  Maybe Nancy thinks Nazis and supremacists shouldn't have first amendment liberties.
H.ramsey ‘You can't expect any organization to pick someone like this up. ’   exactly my point.  So why is America focused on beings which are of a certain off white shade of colour?  Because you were conditioned to believe since 9/11 that they are more predisposed to commit these atrocities than American whites?
"... most cops are killed by white men.”?!? I don't have the data handy, but I suspect most cops die of natural causes, heart disease and cancer, etc. So it's pretty racist of you to be blaming white men.
How come we only talk about white and black? how about asian/yellow people? There is no affirmative program for Asian people, in fact, Asian students are suffered from discrimination with quota set by Universities and colleges in the US.....  How come we have so many single black mom's (look at the ratio vs other)? where are all the black dads? You need to clean your own acts before blaming someone else
"white priviledge" is just another in the line of excuses about why it's always 'someone else's problem'.  No one wants to take responsibility for their OWN actions anymore, and this is just the next in that line.  Try looking in the mirror instead. #SAD!
Where have I seen this kind of hatred before? Oh yeah. It was fifty years ago, when black kids started going to white schools in Alabama. If there's one thing that a bigot can't stand, it's seeing his own children growing up with those he despises.
The guy is whiter than you are Rhyner but hey gotta hand it to ya though nice try. You see......... prison is not just for black people, it's an interracial institution. It's for everyone.
IRT "Trump a threat to environment"..   That is an understatement ... POTUS is worse than that.  He is a threat to our allies and international relations.  He is a threat to non white people who do not important people huddling around in dark suits with red white and blue silk ties.  He is a threat to a free press and the truth   ...  verses alternate realities and political spin.  A billionaire's definition of "great" may be very different from yours or mine.  The America I have lived in is great but that is not how we are trending with the current leadership.
He may have people loved him but he was on LEO's radar, which is never a good thing. Police said "he pointed a rifle at a woman" 2 years ago. This guy had a criminal record. He's older and he's white. That doesn't make him a better person. If he was younger and black and we would be calling him a thug. Can't have it both ways, when someone dies their past is part of them. Good, bad or ugly. We can't blame him for being Native, Black or a refugee this time. 2 weeks ago LEO said they recognized the dead guy at Stuckagain Heights. Same thing. Pretty sure the woman he pulled a rifle on isn't going to give him a pass just because he's dead. Domestic violence, guns, theft, felony charges. Seems to me if this guy wasn't white there would be comment after comment saying good riddance! The only crazy part is he applied for a job with the city after multiple felony charges!! Pretty sure city employee job applications ask if you have ever been convicted of a felony.....
"Deep down, most of us are racist – or are we?"  No, we're not. Birds of a feather flock together is a proverb that has been in use since at least the mid 16th century.  Those with common traits or facing similar social or economic problems will certainly do so. That in and of itself does not signify racism. The past few decades have unfairly characterized whites against anyone who isn't. In reality whites are no more "racist" than any other ethnic group.
Wow, note the immediate slide from understanding your neighbours who vote for Trump, to Nazis...who is it who's not amenable to rational debate again?  Same with "the gateway drug is interrupting, raising your voice and deliberately misunderstanding interlocutors – all standard moves of a CNN segment"... and the Left anywhere, including here.  And btw, "The fact that a slogan like "Jews will not replace us" literally makes no sense ". It does make perfect sense in their world view, just as the other slogan, "You will not replace us", does. Who's deliberately misunderstanding, again? It means they believe their adversaries, "You", among which they single out Jews in particular as wanting to do this, will not succeed in their goal to replace "whites" with "brown" people. This isn't totally without foundation, as many extreme leftists are quite vocal about wanting to do just that and gloating about how fast it will happen , including on this very discussion board...
Plenty of Liberals and progressives are racist. They just do a better job hiding it. Most minorities are naive to this...but the reality majority of their progressive friends have racist thoughts.  Go to any country with a large ex-pat community like Japan, China or the United Arab Emirites. They might not all be progressive, but they are at least progressive enough to live abroad. But you almost have to assume they are racist towards non-white people until proven otherwise. I guess some aren't.
"In the North, [the cause] increasingly encompassed emancipation, even among those who at first rejected Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation of 1863."    Thank you. ******************** True or false.  Slavery would not have ended before 1900 -- if ever --- without the bloodshed of hundreds of thousands of white boys fighting against the South in a war that largely concerned slavery.  ******************* You have contended that American whites are generally racist, or more precisely, that they don;t really care whether blacks live or die, and need reminding that "Black Lives Matter."  I have cited for you the Washington Post as the source of my statement that most of Obama's vote in 2012, nation-wide, came from whites.  Do you say the Post is wrong on that point?  If you do, please cite a responsible statistic.  If you agree with the Post, how do you reconcile that with your contention that American whites are generally racist?
Many studies confirm that the U.S. has less social mobility (the ability of the poor children to do better than their parents) than most other developed countries, and that this is getting worse. This information is easy to find, and Wikipedia has a good summary: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socio-economic_mobility_in_the_United_States  Segregation of U.S. schools by race and income level is common. It is based on where people live, the flight of whites to private schools, and the end of government desegregation efforts, such a busing. Anchorage schools rate high on diversity not primarily because we have many minorities, which is fairly common, but because whites have not abandoned our diverse schools to move to suburbs or attend private schools, as they have in many communities.
You couldn't do that but you could discriminate against white males. It's called "affirmative action ".
Please explain why I would want to listen to someone spout racist ideology.  I will never accept racism and have no desire to espose myself to it.  You seem to suggest that I, for example, should have simply listened to a gentleman call President Obama a "stupid N#$%$" and continue his racist rant.  I confronted the man's racist comment and will confront every racist comment I hear.  I don't feel I need to "improve and broaden my understanding" by listening to racists.  If I wanted to do that, I'd just Google the past speeches by David Duke. Racism is not a "new thing".  It's as old as mankind and is as vile today as it was thousands of years ago.  Thanks, but I'll pass on listening to a white supremacist extoll the virtues of racism.  Gary Crum
Your analysis seems a bit off here, 4:20. Perhaps SOME of the same voters but not the SAME "low info" voters.  I'm going to guess that Trump will get the McCain/Palin white voters but not as many Obama white voters.
I agree with this author completely. In the great battle for equal treatment under the law patience will only get you so far. Eventually you realize that power never relinquishes control of its own accord, it must always be challenged, resisted, and opposed.  On the eve of Donald Trump's inauguration we're being told that his victory was the result of white people who had decided that enough is enough when it came to their economic distress, caused by policies enacted by people they supported (something they now willfully ignore) but blamed on immigrants, people of color, Muslims, and various other "others."   And now on MLK Day we're supposed to buy into the myth that their economic distress is in any way comparable to the kind of oppression endured for generations by black people living in the south, first as slaves and later as second-class citizens with no voting rights or any other rights.   As a white male, I don't think so. Delusion is not countered with patience.
"Most Americans are white... get over it" That's not the issue. The issue, with respect to Trump, is that he maintains in the Whitehouse, as a Senior Advisor, someone who has openly endorsed and promoted the "Alt Right" movement.  That's Steve Bannon.   That's about as overt a message that a central precept of this administration is the Alt Right "White Nationalism" focus. The Border "wall", the Travel Ban, Trump's comments about refugees in his tele with the Australian PM, the blockbuster indication that the DOJ is going to actively investigate higher education affirmative action, the ethnic make up of the Trump cabinet (he CANNOT argue best and brightest in his initial cabinet configurations), all raise questions. The optics of Trump rallies, even (or especially as the case may be) as broadcast on Fox News, make clear that the crowd Trump attracts are white.  They look and act really uneducated (as well as non-patriotic), regardless of color.   I agree with Allie's characterization.
All progress is not measured by the number of new businesses that open in a community. Don't you believe that speaking up against injustice is important?  Yes, the violence is deplorable.  But the violence should not be used to mask the valid and important reasons for the protest.  If the protests result in some measure of awareness and change, they will have served a valid purpose.   Re the leaders -- often people bemoan the lack of leaders, and then get annoyed by the fact that leaders are in front, leading.  The people who organized and who moved forward BLM are a new generation.  You already categorize them as "the usual cadre of ... black leaders"?  The fact that they want exposure is based on the fact that they want to get their message out.  White leaders do the same all of the time.   The death of Michael Brown was a predictable tragedy only if one considers  predictable that a police officer will escalate a jaywalking offense in such a manner.
It's not considered racism when it's directed towards white people. A firmly entrenched Liberalism...
"By the way the KKK was started as a Democrat militia. And if we examine all these groups, they have more in common with Democrats and liberals, then with conservatives, and Republicans." 1) Yeah....150 years ago....and I probably knew that before you did.  2) If you're going to drag what went on 150 years ago into this, then you need to also drag what went on 50 years ago...when many of the old southern segregationists began leaving the Democratic party for the GOP due to Civil Rights passage (yes, I am aware that the bill had GOP support).  You also fail to mention that it is conservatives that led the charge to have the Voting Rights Act ruled unconstitutional.  3) According to your rationale, I guess white supremacists voted for Obama twice and Hillary once.....you know....since you seem to think they are still Democrats...
The fact that Tramp was elected because of white men's anger, should answer your question, Phyllis.  That people respond with anger is very understandable.  People are justifiably frightened for their old age  with proposals that Social Security will be subject to the whims of the market, coupons for health care at the times of their lives when affordable health care is a necessity.   People are afraid and angry that their lives will be changing drastically because so many white men don't like minorities, women, and non-Christians.
Oh...but just the suggestion that white confederate mascots might send the wrong message is soooo bad. Poor confederates.
The Democratic party is the world's oldest political party that still exists. As it was created 156 years before my birth, I had no formal or informal role in choosing it's name. I have noticed that white nationalists, particularly those from the south or Midwest, seem to incorrectly identify it as the "Democrat" party. British people sometimes do this too, but that is because they have something called the Liberal Democrat party, which they are more used to.
Old Bigot, Why do you assume that I am white? Is it only white folks that are RACIST???
This country and the NFL has made more black millionaires than anything else in the history of the world. I love me some NFL. I mean really love it. But if I see ten, twenty or thirty players sitting or kneeling during the anthem, I'll turn the tv off. These players better realize that if fans don't watch their games, their big salaries will disappear. The players have a right to do whatever they want. Fans have the right not to watch them. Some will make this a racial thing, but only morons, and there are a lot of them out there, would believe that. Trump is talking about any player, black or white. I wish Trump didn't bring this up because now it's going to get messy. But maybe we were heading there anyway and we just got there sooner rather than later.
I guess we will see if the fear-mongers and hate-mongers (the low information voters) who support this atrocious human being will win out over the tolerant, kind and well-educated and well-travelled Americans.  I don't think they will, but when one learns today that the White Supremacist, Breitbart News' Steve Bannon, has been given a seat today on the U.S. National Security Council, then there is a lot to worry about.  We must not let this swamp of racism, bigotry, misogyny and xenophobia ooze into our country.  We have, by and large, good people in Canada, most of whom are tolerant and kind.  Let's keep it that way and  let the hate-mongers and fearmongers, all insecure and masking their racism, know that their kind is not welcome in Canada.
Another angry white guy with a gun. Let's focus on the problem first. Why are so many angry white men resorting to sensational mass murders with guns in the first place? What is wrong with white men these days? Why do you and tRump ignore the problem but have fits when immigrant terrorists do the same thing? Why is it hard for you to understand that this is some kind of terrorism, too, or some kind of mass mental health problem. And no "good guy with a gun" should need to stop a mass murderer who shouldn't have had guns in the first place. So stop trying to brag about the neighbor at the expense of acknowledging the bigger problem.
And folks thought we were out of line to draw the Jewish/Hitler parallels....  I don't think so....and we must be clear about this....both Church USCCB hierarchy and Trump folks are associated with groups that the Southern Poverty Law Center lists as Hate groups....neo Nazi, white supremacist, et al.....  None of these folks are nice people.....  Indeed Church support for these alt right folks stems from some pious drivel about protecting the unborn and supporting "marriage"..... In fact these premises have been central in this election....forgetting entirely that abortions are clearly more infrequent when contraceptives are available and marriage between one man and one women is not even remotely threatened by SSM.  I have been married 58 years next week and I know!
After the civil war, in the south, as many as 800,000 blacks were arrested on various charges, many minor, and leased out to private corporations by a sheriff to work in mines etc. As high a mortality rate as 50% existed in some areas. People like cheap labor. The practice didn't end till 1923. Yet the birth rate for whites is quite low in the U.S.A. now. The past 20 years 92% of U.S. population growth was from blacks and Hispanics.Younger males are the main criminal offenders. Blacks and Hispanics have the majority of those so they are over-represented in prison; they have cultures that are not older and more sedentary as whites. White women's median age is 44; at the edge of fertility years, while the other groups are younger.  Culture and economics are large factors in criminal activity. Humanity needs environmental education though, Many people including politicians are harming the ecosphere. The whale taking was a fluke, for sure. Modern ecosphere education would be good correctio
Perceived threat level.    How many white killers do the Chicago police deal with every year as opposed to the number of black killers?  Closer to home, Eugene had a fight inside and outside a strip joint this week.  The same fight in Portland would likely have resulted in shots being fired by blacks at black men and women.    That's what happened there on April 25, 2016, January 6, 2017, January  14, 2014, July 5, 2014, November 25, 2015, just to pull up the first page of a Bing Search titled "portland strip shooting".    Note that ethnicity was not anywhere in the search terms; it was a race-neutral search.     A Portland cop being sent to a fight at a strip joint expects black people to be armed and shooting...mostly at each other, but not always.  A Eugene cop sent to a fight at a strip joint expects to Taze and then  wrestle some drunk to the ground.  The two perceived threat environments provoke different responses.  It's an OODA Loop that keeps the cops alive.
Funny you should ask that question as I have the statistics right here!    Of every US police killing of a suspect in 2016, a total of 1093, 36% were unarmed, and another 500 were only armed with a knife or some other not immediately-lethal weapon like a gun.   Native Americans were 8.66 times as likely to get killed by police as were Asian Americans, on a per-population basis, and African Americans were 5.69 times as likely as Asian Americans to get killed by police on a per-population basis too.    Curiously, White Americans were 1.68 times as likely to get killed by police as were Asian Americans on a per-population basis too, despite various violent Asian gangs on the West Coast.   The statistics for 2015 are also available from this page:    https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2015/jun/01/the-counted-police-killings-us-database  Just so you know I am not happy that US cops have killed 11,860 more suspects than European cops over the last decade.
Need more room... Anecdotally I have met far more professional and respectful LOE's than the playground bully type, then again I am a white male so I have that in my favor. Statistically it is true as well, that most cops aren't the "bad apples".   White suburban and rural America experience the justice system far differently than everyone else. Statistics are clear that whites and blacks participate equally in drug usage and dealing, yet whites face far fewer convictions. Statistically, when whites and blacks are convicted of the same crime, blacks face far harsher sentences. Studies have shown that whites tend to view black males as stronger and more threatening, and even doctors are less likely to prescribe pain meds to blacks because they overestimate their pain tolerance. So it is no surprise that LEOs view people of color as more of a threat.   BLM and their sympathizers know all this and know that this needs to change for the safety of all citizens.
Please, tell us when white racism stopped effecting public policy in this country? It must have happened after 1965. I missed it. We still don't have equal protection under the law. What do you have against equal rights for all? We have yet to achieve that goal. How would you like to followed by security every time you went shopping? Of course, it only happens a couple of hundred times a year, every year of your entire life. That's my experience. I'm glad lynchings are no longer considered to be family entertainment by white people in the 21st century. Do you want thanks for that?
Usually not the owner doing it.  Our fellow "commentators" vote down comments they dislike, regardless of their inherent civility or lack of same.  Plus the robot censor is set to remove posts with certain words--especially if they appear in sentences addressed in the second person.  Using third-person usually slips 'em past more easily.  Misusing the "civil comments" system to censor those with whom one disagrees is by no means restricted to "liberal snowflakes".  Plenty of "white supremacist...er, excuse me..."conservative" snowflakes are every bit as guilty of such misuse.  I know from experience that simply posting uncomfortable FACTS--such as that 80% of child molesters are white males--gets consigned to the "uncivil zone" by thin-skinned, "melanistically challenged" folks (I'm being 'PC' here) despite there being not a single offensive word in it.  Mote, beam.  Let's see how long this one stays up.  Be advised when the fragile white snowflakes vote it "uncivil", I'll put it back.
I don't know anyone who hates America. Just a bunch of white folks who think everyone hates America.
Why are Democrats punishing minorities?  Pres. Obama was in for eight years, much of it with a Dem majority, why didn't they change the laws?  Sarcasm aside, both parties have been in power since the time frame you're pointing to, and there is a black president.  Are you certain the anti-drug laws are *designed* to be racist because they punished drug dealers?   Using the logic you present, you could argue anti child-porn laws are designed to punish white men.    Nope.  Doesn't make sense to say that, either.  It makes much more sense to say drugs are a blight-- they sap the identity of a community, destroy people and families and where drugs are commonplace, so are property crimes and murder.  These facts greatly interest the State which has a primary duty to provide for safety and security and is duty-bound to remove people who jeopardize such.
I just took the Race IAT and it indicated a strong preference for white people over black people. However, I already knew I was biased in this manner if not to this degree. Because I recognize this particular bias when it kicks in, I have the opportunity to make a rational choice. I can let my bias have its way and manifest in prejudicial behavior toward black people, or I can chose to not let it influence my behavior and interact with a black person primarily as a person. I can't claim 100% success but that's my goal. Am I typical? I think so. I think people who claim to be unbiased, especially in the area of race, just don't realize they are likely biased. But then, that's my bias.
Just another white on white crime spree. No problem here just another proud American exercising his 2nd amendment rights. Good thing it wasn't a terrorist. Problems with guns ignore it. Problems with Opioid deaths no problem as long as the Lobbyist for those organizations continue to line the pockets of the GOP.
Almost every time a cop is acquitted, there was either a change of venue to a more affluent and whiter suburb or the trial was before a judge only with no jury at all.   This is a real problem that involves a perhaps suspect interpretation of the right to a jury trial. While it is clear to all that a defendant has a right to a jury of his/her peers, the notion that the public also has a right to compel a jury trial has never been addressed.   I daresay there are a lot of killer cops who wouldn't be walking the streets as free men and women if we changed our interpretation of the right to a jury trial to apply to both sides.
Abe is a strong leader, and strong leaders do not go on global apology tours like Obama did.  Pearl Harbor was a legitimate military target and so it was targeted.  Real men don't need safe spaces from bombings.  Real men take the bombing and then they return the favour tenfold.  When I read the sadsack comments on this board, I have to ask myself: where have all the real men gone?  Well, there's one coming to the White House in January.  Let's get our war on!
Well, how about you do something useful and find examples of white women behaving in this manner? The only rule is: no Breitbart, Infowars, A Voice for Men, The Rebel, or youtube. And GO!
Let's see. The alleged perp is a Lexus-driving, upper middle class, white woman from Parker. Is an "affluenza" defense forthcoming? Perhaps they'll plea bargain it down to a broken tail light for her.
Great idea: get rid of statues honoring leaders of a race-based government that has been defunct for more than a century -- statues where racists like to rally nowadays to demand the restoration of that long-dead blood-nationalist government.  Destroy those statues, or move them to some obscure museum.  These statues were erected only in recent decades when demanded by white (Hawaiian) nationalist racial supremacists using long-dead heroes to stir up racial pride.  For example:  Remove the Lili'uokalani statue off our Capitol grounds and put it in the basement of Iolani Palace.  Remove the Robert Wilcox statue from Fort Street Mall and put it next to his grave in the back of the Catholic cemetery on King St.  Historical revisionism in Southern states and Hawaii.
Well, this is interesting,  a serious  white collar crime,  with a middle class woman criminal  actually going to jail (all of 110 days!!!)  for stealing from her vulnerable, helpless victims. ...........or maybe she won't be going to jail after all (as she's "mortified", she thought she was  just stealing from her employer and not her clients].... "Golliher was handcuffed in court and transported to the Lane County Jail, but it’s possible that officials will allow her to work off the sentence via an alternative program such as road crew."
the us government falsely encouraged them to fight under the American flag promising them benefits and pay similar to American soldiers, but this never materialized.  they were lied to and those who lost their lives believed that they were fighting for America.  this is totally despicable and your comments discount these facts, saying that they were fighting for their country - the philippines.  hence your American government used deceit to get these people to fight - being killed and injured but there was no intent to follow through with the promises.  why don't you be honest?  get real and what your government did to the Japanese americans was despicable too.  this just shows that white America does not believe people of color are equals.
Cmon players expand the protest- burn a flag on the field- you know in order to show unity. Or attack fans that are booing. You're not going to stop at just kneeling are you? I looked at all the Blacks killed last weekend in the major cities and hear that violent crime is up. You have to blame this on white people don't you? Demand that the teams be nationalized and Colin Kaepernick be given a job>
First of all, "white mans" technology was FORCED upon us. Inuit were FORCED to live in communities or as you call it 'villages'. So before you go ranting on about how we are not "traditional" anymore, go ask your government why we are not like that anymore. They have pressed us on to religion, forced us into towns and forced into school to try and eliminate our language. So please, keep asking me why we are not "traditional" anymore.
Same old dance to the same old tune. Does he  really think he  will find actual answers?  He is seriously deluded if he does.   Native criminality will not be part of  his mandate.   He will only find that white people and racism  are responsible for everybody's troubles.
Well, while I believe the white supremacists were prepared for and even hoping for a violent encounter, it is often hard to say who "threw the first stone" in a riot. I'm certain there was a violent minority in the counter protest who came wanting a fight. I saw one photo of a counter protester turning an aerosol can into a flame thrower. Peaceful protesters don't bring weapons.   Of course that pales in comparison to those in the main alt-right/KKK protest who wore riot gear and the few who brought guns(the militia group). I think it was fortunate even more people weren't hurt or killed under the circumstances.
So, if I, a white Christian male, wore a face mask around town all day, that would not be considered weird? And make people uncomfortable? I'm sorry, hiding behind the veil of religious freedom is no excuse for this sort of behavior, the wearing of veils!.
And when whites become a minority in their own countries, as will happen in many western countries in the future, will they be treated with the same care and consideration that whites afford minorities now?
“Virginia Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, both Democrats, along with Republican Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado and Johnny Isakson of Georgia” are going to introduce a joint resolution in the Senate today that will honor Charlottesville victims Heather Heyer and Virginia State Police officers Jay Cullen and Berke Bates, and it states that white supremacy and neo-Nazism are “hateful expressions of intolerance that are contradictory to the values that define the people of the United States” and urge the Trump administration to “use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups.”    -       Presumably they will succeed in getting a vote on this joint resolution and it’s hard to imagine that it won’t pass. If it is introduced in the House as well, I imagine that the bill will land on President Trump’s Resolute Desk with a thud and force him to decide whether he is willing to take the political hit that would come with either vetoing or refusing to sign it.
I see you miss the good old days when a high school drop out with an 8th grade education working in the timber industry made more money than teachers or social workers with college degrees. Those days are long gone and never coming back. Of course, back then there was nothing a black man said that any white man had to listen to. I have no doubt you were happier then.
On subject? You brought up Obama when the point is white nationalists that now feel entitled thanks to the current resident at the WH.    I'm asking you to demonstrate that your point has any merit whatsoever and you are apparently forfeiting.
Frederick.  I think you should have a couple of rabbits.  I can help you pick out some or I have two that are fixed that are sweethearts that need a home.  They are good with cats and litter trained, but not to cat litter.  You have to take them outside some of the time as they like it.  I do think "activists are overwhelmingly comprised of emotionally stunted, over-privileged white people who lack empathy for their fellow human beings — particularly those with whom they don’t socially, culturally or visually identify — to the point where they value other species as more noble, worthy and beautiful than their own." is really extreme.  It might be true, but I think you are over the top on this one.  I generally appreciate what you say, but don't always agree.  I disagree with your verbiage.
As a white straight male anglophone and today's culture-villain, I wish to register my dislike of today's show of unhappiness. Rome wasn't built in a day, or even in several generations.  Wait for it, what you want is coming. And when you have what you want, and more, you may expect similar expressions of male disenchantment in return.   That's how it is, that's how the world turns.
From the article, you'd think that the Trump supporters might want to consider a pro-union candidate.  But no. hey must want their salaries reduced more. To quote:  "The archetypal Trump voter comes from a small town in the Midwest, once had a job at the auto plant making $30 an hour but now earns half as much because the plant closed, said Jennifer Duffy, senior editor of the Cook Political Report, an independent, nonpartisan newsletter published in Washington, D.C. Trump has particularly consistent support from white people who lack college degrees, she added, though polling in the last few days also showed Trump drawing stronger support from college-educated whites.""
You don't seem to understand what free speech is and the the counter-protesters were not opposing free speech. They too were using free speech; they used it to oppose the ideas the white supremacists were spewing. Free speech is not the right to say anything you want without facing opposition. Challenging one's (or a group's) opinion is also free speech.
So our suburban residents insist that the rest of us continue subsidizing their garbage or they will illegally dump even more onto the landscape. This gives a new meaning to the term white trash.  Here's an idea folks. Stop generating so much garbage. Purchase fewer items and don't bring a boatload of packaging home with you. Sure, Germany is far ahead in this regard by making manufacturers responsible for their packaging a quarter-century ago, but we should be able to keep up. I'm just flabbergasted at the amount of stuff people buy, most of which is packaging. If you choose to buy it, it's your responsibility to dispose of it properly. Be an adult.
Mandela was an articulte person. when he said " liberation first then education. he was spot on. if it was liberation first then kill all the whites then you should have been worried
A major criticism of the land-ownership report is not its lack of Political Correctness (by showing up the popular lie that "Whites own 80% of SA land"), but its failure to distinguish highly fertile areas from the marginally usable areas, such as much of the Northern Cape.  All potential areas are simply labelled as "agricultural land", almost as a catch-all synonym for "all the rest".
Nice to meet you Paul.    Is your last name also Scott?   I know at least one other Paul Scott has had comments posted.  I'm also old 64, white and an independent NA.  I used to feel I was 'liberal' in mostly mildly conservative Iowa, but in Eugene, I think my opinions are tilted conservative.   I'm Christian as well, but please don't assume 'sameness' with other Christians.  Looking forward to more post Paul
Paige Lacy writes a great letter. Wente's column was intended to imply...again...and still that merit is replaced by equality, when we know women with higher merit are over looked in all corners of public and private workplaces and professions. Happily, the Globe has countered Wente's long dead argument today with 'When equality feels like discrimination', by Jonathon Nightingale, where he plainly sets out that merit has never really existed, and has always been replaced by white male advantage.
You know full well who has been protesting over the past two years. The reaction Sunday was a show of unity among players, not a Black Lives Matter protest.   Nobody "needs" $114.5 million? Is that what you typed? Some "conservative" you are. Have you ever said that about a white business man? Have you ever said the CEO of Exxon doesn't need millions and should donate all but $100k of his salary? Do you think Trump should donate all but $100k of his TOTAL yearly earnings to some charity defending the flag or the National Anthem or Confederate monuments? How about Don Jr, Eric and Ivanka? How about millionaire Sean Hannity? How about Rush Limbaugh? Where should he donate 99% of his salary?   Ever said that about them? Nope.   You have one standard for white businessmen and another standard for black athletes. Wow. Conservative with his double standards. If you knew a single black person in real life you wouldn't need any of this explained to you by a stranger on the internet.
Dave, I said nothing about preventing them from speaking or peacefully assembling. I am talking about the need for people to have a clear understanding of what the white supremacists and their enablers stand for, and understanding that it is evil and wrong and that our leaders must speak out FORCEFULLY and UNEQUIVOCALLY against it. There is no equivalency of the the "two sides" regardless of violence or who threw the first punch. One side is right and the other is wrong. Yes, we must stop the violence and the first step is to have our nation's leaders denounce this evil as un-American and unwelcome.
Yes, they condemn Islamic terrorists, who are no different than Nazis and White Supremacists. Different versions of the same evil, intolerant, right wing ideology.
OMG this comment stream is amazing! Have we all gone crazy? People, it's hate groups vs. people who oppose hate groups! They are not equivalent. Self respecting real conservatives do not embrace neo-nazis and KKK. This Charlottesville travesty was the work of groups whose very existence is about hatred and bigotry. They openly espouse white supremacy and advocate violence and racism. I've known and respected thoughtful conservatives all my life (and disagreed with them often) and not a one of them would defend the low-intellect low-education low-life thugs that marched in nazi garb and spewed slime and hatred. I must have been transported to some dark parallel reality. It's not just liberals who oppose hate groups; it's also every serious conservative. How can anybody defend hate groups?
Sure Brad, great move by Trudeau, set up strict quota walls that function against white males, the day you step into office, and then realize, a year later, that OOPS my strict quota walls kept out a lot of white males whose qualifications I need, so gee, I better do a last minute scramble to somehow elevate those extremely well qualified white males up to a level where they belong, even if disrupts the lovely race/gender decoration scheme that my politically-correct little brain was aiming and hoping for as a major priority and accomplishment, rats and rats again when the functional needs of government win against my politically-correct attempts at decorating the seating plan in ways that will win me the admiration of fellow politically-correct social engineers..  Yup, Brad, the drama teacher in the Prime Minister's office, he's one super-genius all right...
Unbelievable.  You aren't listening.  There are right-wing news channels, and left-wing, and we generally know which are which.  What Sinclair wants is to control the news by buying stations, and NO ONE should be allowed to do control news.  To be clear: no one should control the truth, not black 'racists' not white racists, no one.  The person allowing Sinclair such leniency was appointed to the position by D. Trump.  Trump labels any news he doesn't control as 'fake'.  Amazing that you are okay with that.
Certain elements of what you call "mass migration" have been most vigorously and publicly "debated"--especially in the streets.  In 1907, Vancouver was rocked by riots against Japanese and Chinese. Not long afterward, a BC MLA who ran and won a federal campaign to become  MP, gained much of his support for his crusade for a "White Man's Country." (A school in Port Alberni is still named after him.) This was in an era where the elite consensus SUPPORTED prejudicial immigration policies.  The Chinese Immigration Act of 1923, stopped most Chinese immigration cold.   Incidentally, I'd be interested to know how you define "mass immigration."  Don't believe we have it, today.  It's more than immigration figures.  It's population figures, too.  Want "mass?" Go back to 1913, when Canada welcomed 400,000 immigrants who came ashore into a country of less than 7 million people.  Now THAT is mass immigration.
It appears that you sympathize with one group and abhore the other. I get it, the nazis are sickening.  But what you insist upon is people swallow the message from the left without question.  Why is it free speech that the side you believe is palpable and the other side is evil because you disagree with it.   If I choose to not agree with BLM, that automatically makes me in the side of the nazi's?  I have to be right or left?   That's where your message is being lost on most of America.   I see cops being called pigs, shirts condoning and even inciting actions against the police. I see white people being accosted about white privelage simply because they drive a nice car or wear expensive clothing  I see BLM insisting that the gun toting, drug dealing crips the fault of white america and not the responsibility of their own culture and community.  Both sides messages are way off and nothing but violence will exist while the hold steadfast to their own beliefs.
The NFL is not going to support Trump and his angry xenophobic supporters.   I used to think that we were headed to a post racial society. Now I am more skeptical. Both white and black people are prone to accepting racist beliefs.
Is this a prelude leading up to Trumps inauguration  which will certainly generate a steady stream of agitated columns from people who  insist  they are victims of  him and other white people?
Suggestion, rather than a community of dependent camp followers encourage light industry or white collar E-commerce to locate on the rock that provide a living wage adequate for our locale.  Not to replace military financial influence but to supplement that influence.   Using the Navy as a punching bag for every rant is a rope pushing exercise which is getting old. The other Washington has it's attention else where.
JJ, I am having a hard time following your thoughts on the lyrics of the "Star Spangled Banner" and your conclusion.  If your thoughts are that FSK was a slave holder, believed blacks were inferior to whites, and wanted blacks killed who were fighting against the U. S. for the British, we pretty much agree on that.  If your thought is because a man like this happened to write the stirring lyrics that capture our beliefs of today, therefore we should ignore and maybe even change our national anthem, then we are in fundamental disagreement.  Your argument would apply to our flag, Declaration of Independence, Constitution, and just about everything else that binds us as a nation.  It could even carry over to end all public policies like social security because FDR was a racist or at a minimum a moral coward on the issue.  What Kapernick et al. are doing goes too far.  An American burning his/her flag in protest also goes too far.  Slowly but surely, our nation is unraveling.
I can see the rational here. White people have to have more babies, this women-in-the-work place model and taking control of their bodies is all well and good until you realize that there is such a decline in the white birth rate - by 2050 whites will be a minority. Totally unacceptable and I applaud President Trump for taking action on this front.
If you looked at FBI data, minorities typically gun down other minorities, but blacks do commit most interracial violence against whites.
Oh no . . . the "progressives" believe that only applies to Conservatives.  All others except older white males are free to announce their beliefs openly and are celebrated for it.  If an older white male elucidates his beliefs, he is castigated, not only for his beliefs but for the temerity to publicly stand up for them.
Today I attempted to read a lengthy article in New York Magazine co-written by nearly all their staff writers about the rise of the alt-right movement which gave birth to Trump. I must confess to not having finished it, but I read enough to get the gist of it: the alt-right is driven mostly by over-educated, under-employed white males, and its rise would not have been possible without the internet. Trying to figure out a coherent underlying philosophy of the alt-right, however, is a challenge, since they mostly seem intent on blowing everything up. I'm not sure how progressives challenge such a world-view since their particular nemeses seem to be Jewish establishment conservatives - people like William Kristol and Leon Wieseltier come to mind. I do know that I am against anyone who views racial minorities with contempt, and if these are the people who brought Trump to power, and apparently they are, then I am all on board with being on the offensive, never mind Trump's own ghastliness.
"CK: You aren't a hunter are you?"  Yup, wife, sons, daughter and I hunt year round on our property...deer, hogs, turkey, ducks, quail, rabbit, etc...they all end up on the dining table.    "It was those same "white men" who enacted legislation and led the charge to save gray whales from extinction."  Yes, after they were hunted almost to extinction by the white man and there was nothing left to hunt.
Unfortunately the "white pride" has the stigma and history of racial violence associated with it by the KKK.  I think people will tend to associate by perception.
I'm not at all sure that white Canadians are "tired of holding their tongues", nor do I feel at all threatened. Most white Canadians I know are very tolerant and respectful of others and their beliefs. But most Canadians, of all colours and backgrounds, know that Canada while not perfect by any means is one of the best, fairest countries in the world. Perhaps Ms. Khan needs to travel a bit to appreciate this simple truth.
The Russia thing is over. Didn't you get the memo? The new narrative is "Nazi" and "White Supremacist".
White racists never take responsibility for their behavior.  Claiming ignorance is a common excuse used by white racists to deny responsibility for their behavior. Minorities are profiled with less evidence than I gave you.
If we only honor great things from flawless people, we will honor no one. Will we hang disclaimers on statues of MLKing and Woodrow Wilson and JFK, or will we take them down as well?   This really has nothing to do with those people anyway. It's just another way to keep saying all whites are racists and will be forever. "You're a racist", the gift that keeps on giving.
There is an unholy alliance of white racists, Hindu extremists and Jewish extremists that are fueling all this anti-Muslim hatred. These haters are all losers in life and have found Muslims as a scapegoat for their own poor lot in life.
I appreciate your point. At the same time, one of the too-convenient things about systemic injustice is that it offers plausible deniability to everyone. Systemic injustice is perpetuated as a sort of orphan, something no-one is obliged to own, although it would be hard to impossible to find White people who are not implicated, in the sense of profiting by its historic and continuing imposition, and by helping to perpetuate it, through the various organs of government and commerce. No one, individually, can do all that, suggesting a collective responsibility rather deeper than stereotyping.   So the important distinction you mention becomes fuzzy, I think, where the umbilicus of privilege attaches to injustice. Still, examinations of morally (and often legally) untenable privilege, past and present, are called for, and seem more likely to be helpful, than the pin-the-tail-on-the-racist game. These are the things that unite us, across the political spectrum.
OutThere:  I agree that we can't change the past, however, we don't get a pass on learning from it.  We whites can choose to ignore the fact that today we enjoy unearned benefits that come from hundreds of years exploiting people of color.  We can claim that everything would be fine if we are just nice to one another.  We can blame people of color for being "stuck" in the past instead of "getting over it" like we whites have.  People of color don't have a choice to ignore the past. They do so at their peril.  If whites fail to actively work toward dismantling racism, the inequalities will persist.
How is this a racist rant?  Do you deny the Donald appeal is  to poor white people who probably are running on only half a spark plug?  What is intelligent about them? Anything?
Actually, I see a lot in common between Ali and Trump.   Those two men are very much alike: for they are both dividers and haters.  Both are also extremely vain, boastful, and full of themselves.   Donald Trump and Muhammad Ali have both centered their lives around their own personal self-promotion.   In many respects, I think that one can say that Donald Trump is a white version of Muhammad Ali.   Can you think of a person that is more renown for being a loudmouth and blowhard than Trump or Ali?   It has been a trademark of both of these men.  Anyone who admires either Ali or Trump really has their moral values completely backwards, in my opinion.
The intelligent talking to the mindless White Supremacist Republican ideologue poised to finish the destruction of the U.S. governing and legal system started by Scalia.  Time for a Revolution.
From what you say I am surprised you sold out to the white man Caldwell
Well, we have always known where you stand on Hillary, but she isn't in the oval office now, and supporting those who mangle and use religion to justify exclusion and discrimination is fine with our current resident who also thinks that some white supremacists, KKK and Nazis are "fine people." Some of those groups use Scripture to justify their hatred of other groups, too, or are you unaware of that? I don't support "religions" that believe they have a license to hate and discriminate because they claim something is "against their faith and beliefs." Maybe religious beliefs that hurt others should not be defended or supported, especially since religious belief is usually a matter of clear choice, not a birth characteristic beyond your control. And definitely we should not celebrate such discrimination as an official position supported by any Presidential administration and our DOJ.
The drug laws have roots in our racist heritage. Drugs that minorities preferred were made illegal. Prohibition against alcohol was reversed rather quickly. Alcohol is the preferred drug of most white people.
The city of Halifax and the province Nova Scotia will now need to be renamed to cleanse Canada and history of all the stink of white man's arrival. What were the original, the real names, 400 years ago ? Who but a fool would dare say no to the morally superior   Indigenous claimants.
Jim, I don't think you can handle the truth about the role of white racism in our history, society, and culture. Not to mention your own life. I can understand why. The truth doesn't make white folks look good. This country has been a giant affirmative action program for folks that Europe didn't need or want. All the European immigrants had to do to become white was to learn to fear and hate the natives and people darker brown than them. You might want to read about the race riots of 1863, in New York, when Irish immigrants rioted against the draft and lynched 29 black folks. The Irish immigrants didn't want to die liberating black folks from slavery, that could compete with them for paid labor. They then lost their immigrant or refugee status and became just white. Only in America.
I agree with the sentiment, however Germany's ban is total, meaning no private citizen can possess Nazi paraphernalia, nor express Nazi sympathies. It would be unconstitutional for the US to go that far. I do agree we need to rip down all Confederate related paraphernalia that is on public lands but private citizens are protected by the 1st.   Now to be clear, the First does protect the racists from having their hateful speech silenced by the government. It does NOT protect them from the repercussions of that speech. The Swastika and the Stars and Bars are symbols of racist hate. The racists white supremacists who fly them need to relearn that we do not tolerate their intolerance. Every rally they hold must be met with a counter rally that is 10 times larger. They need to know that even though this president is sympathetic, the vast majority of us are resolved that there is no such thing as a good Nazi, KKK member, or white supremacist.
Another NYT article saying Trump supporters are all white and all racists.  The NYT is so feeble anymore they don't have the decent staff to attend a rally and see the mix of people.  Oe, being the MYT they did and don't care because they have their agenda and a democrat to elect.
"Are you a slave? Are you a slaver?" Oh, the irony. A "well regulated militia" was needed to kill Native Americans for their land, put down slave revolts, and chase run away slaves. The truth is the nation was founded as a white racist nation. The proof is in the original Constitution. We have been working on becoming "a more perfect union" ever since. We know what happened the last time militias tried to change the Federal government by force. The South has yet to fully recover from the Civil War.
You are making the same confused apples to oranges comparison Trump is. You guys are falsely comparing bad tactics to abhorrent core beliefs.  Yes, some tactics of a few Black Lives Matter or Anti-Fascist/Anti-Racist activists are annoying, counter productive and sometimes just plain illegal. Those are tactics, not the core belief. Their core beliefs are opposition to racism, antisemitism and bigotry.   Conversely it is the core beliefs, not the tactics of white nationalists which are so abhorrent. White nationalists only exist to spread bigotry and white supremacy and racism and antisemitism, regardless of the tactics they employ to accomplish those aims.   White nationalists could employ the TACTIC of delivering candy and flowers while preaching their horrible exclusionary white supremacist and racist and antisemitic BELIEFS and it wouldn't be palatable. No tactic will soften white nationalist beliefs.   Bad tactics should be challenged and changed. Bad beliefs are irredeemable.
It's all Obama's fault. The divisive racism in our nation is Obama's fault, for being a black man in an office that belongs to white men. Climate change, which doesn't exist, is Obama's fault for bringing the subject, which is a hoax, up in the first place. Aleppo, which no one knows where it is or what it's about, is Obama's fault for losing the Iraq War. By the way, Osama is living in the Chilean embassy in Paris, and that's Obama's fault. The economy, which is really in a deep depression, is Obama's fault, for letting the Federal Reserve give all our dollars, which are worth nothing, to China so the nation will go bankrupt the day after Trump takes office.  Talk about sore loser Obama! Also, Hillary Clinton had 111 people assassinated for knowing Obama killed King and the two Kennedys, to get Hillary elected. Also, Trump can't show us his tax returns because Obama had the IRS shred them. Trump is actually broke, that's why he needed a government job, and that's Obama's fault too.
Our current president was elected by voters that believed him when he said Obama wasn't born in America. Sports is one of the few areas in America where merit is rewarded. Maybe more white folks should learn how to be better athletes. Put another way, they should pull themselves up by their boot straps. You believe in self reliance. Regarding elected officials, look to your GOP gerrymandered districts to understand elections. Too bad you Trump voters have no use for facts. That will make the 21st century hard to survive and understand.
Third white supremacist arrested in Charlottesville garage beating of a black man . October 11 at 11:59 AM  A third white supremacist accused of participating in a brutal attack on a black man during last month’s “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville has been arrested, an Arkansas law enforcement official said Wednesday. . Jacob Scott Goodwin, 22, of Ward, Ark., is allegedly one of at least five men who can be seen in online video footage pummeling DeAndre Harris, a 20-year-old former special education instruction assistant, inside a parking garage after the Aug. 12 rally. The footage shows a man identified by police as Goodwin, clad in a tactical military helmet and carrying a large plastic shield, kicking Harris on the ground. At one point, Goodwin appears to hit Harris with his shield. . https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/third-white-supremacist-arrested-in-charlottesville-garage-beating-of-a-black-man/2017/10/11/49277d5c-ae8c-11e7-a908-a3470754bbb9_story.html
"but its platform wasn’t hostile to the diversity of urban and suburban Canada". Really?  In my view the Conservatives were actively hostile to cities, regarding them as some sort of weird foreign territory. As this article correctly points out political party that identifies with rural white people in a country full of young, urban multi-cultural people is doomed to fail. Having listened to a whole bunch of leadership candidates pander to their rural base for months I'm not convinced that the Conservative party really understands what it needs to do to move forward in 21st century Canada.
Would Kyle Bush had a ride in NASCAR if  he behaved like CK? Same fan base, better performer, white. Would he have a ride?
No the protest is directed at RACIST America. Not all whites are racists, although too many are.
Pretty much your usual profile of western converts to religious sects. Islam is just the "religion du jour" these days, in the past it has been the Hare Krishnas, the Children of God, the Maharishi...  Young people with disordered lives but usually some strong religious background they reject as not demanding enough. Have read of many Catholics rejecting Catholicism and Christianity in general as too complex a faith, it demands too much nuanced thinking, Islam is so much simpler and straightforward.  So said Lawrence of Arabia of the Arab Muslims: "They were a people of primary colours, or rather of black and white, who saw the world always in contour. They were a dogmatic people, despising doubt, our modern crown of thorns. They did not understand our metaphysical difficulties, our introspective questionings. They knew only truth and untruth, belief and unbelief, without our hesitating retinue of finer shades."   A very appealing view of the world to some people...
I'm ashamed of how offended my Abraham Lincoln costume must have made white people feel.
Yes, it means nothing in the context of his entire lifetime.  That was the belief of the black American Muslims at the time and in many ways, who can blame them?  White people treated blacks abominably.  But he did a lot of good things too and touched a lot of people's lives a positive manner.
I am sorry the extreme right is NOT the only conservative movement now. This is typical liberal propaganda to smear those on the political right most of whom are more fiscal conservatives then social ones.    If you grew up in the UK in the 50s and 60s you should remember the economic policies that those left wing government had which nearly ran that country into the ground.  In Canada this is represented by Avi Lewis and the gang and I suspect Justin Trudeau..   As for the alt-right crazies they do not encompass all "white" people The did not include Jews, Catholics ( me ) and eastern Europeans. However sounds like you could join.
You said athletes should donate 99% of their income. It's not THEIR personal choice it's YOUR choice for THEM. And you're prescribing something you won't do yourself. You think they should donate 99% but you won't donate 99%. Trump doesn't donate 99% of his total income to issues he cares about. Trump should donate 99% of his income to protect the racist treasonous Confederate monuments. He seems to care a lot about them.  You only use this double standards on black athletes, not on white businessmen or yourself. Squirm all you want, but it's true. Admit that you've never dreamed a white business man should donate 99% of his income. Double standard. If you actually knew any black Americans in real life you wouldn't use this double standard.  This is the second time you told me you're done responding, yet you keep responding. When you say that, you must expect ME to stop responding. Would fit in with your "do as I say, not as I do" narrative here. LOL.
The only reaction I have for people like 3rd gen AK, who said "white men are Earth's alpha males" is this:   From Lisa Bloom. Lisa Bloom is a Legal analyst for NBC News and Avvo, attorney and bestselling author.  "In our nation’s history, so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites. Yet no matter how sadistic the crime, no matter how young the victims, no matter how much fear is engendered in a community, no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender, the race itself is never sullied."   Lisa Bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children. 85-percent in Latin America, she says.  Lisa Bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country (America) are white men. And last, white women are known for killing their children.
There is a lot of 'white on white' gun violence in the state of Kansas.
Civil is going to release a little white nationalist emoji.  Swastika neck tattoo and all.
Ironically, Carrington was wearing whiteface when he assaulted the victim, who is white. I can't help but think there is a double standard involved here.
Sorry to disappoint you Deborah. There is no "angry old white guys" club, but I would suggest you start a new "Clueless Ole' Biddy Club."  I am a woman, and I am a Hillary supporter, but what does that have to do with anything? Yeah, George Bush's war was a colossal mistake, but tying that to the terrorism we are currently experiencing throughout the Western world is a fantasy. We certainly destabilized the region, but 9/11, you may remember, was before the Iraq War. But I'm sure it is much easier for you and others to just blame some "angry old white man" than to have to look at Islamic terrorism and find a way forward that will protect us without trampling on the rights of innocent people. Sorry, I can't take down your comment, so it will just have to stand in all of its wisdom for the world to see!
Too bad it's too late to restart the native tradition of taking one whale at a time as needed.  Sorry they don't have 200' ships with cargo freezers on board.  Driving whales to near extinction for luxury uses is excusable but one boat taking one whale for subsistence is an outrage.   Killing whales just for the blubber and ambergris 20 years ago while leaving carcasses to rot on the beaches and waves is so much easier to tolerate if it's white men.
Everyone wants to live in a white country - even white people!
Now let me get this clear, you want what is illegal to be also official.  Official illegality is an interesting nonsense - do you also believe that black is white?  In other words, you do not know what you talking about.  Another good reason not to vote for you next election.
Your numbers are simply wrong. FBI stats for 2014  (last year available) indicate for 29.7% of the offenders, the race is unknown,  37.2% of the offenders were black and 31.4% were white.  If you're looking for a high percentage of murderers by demographic, by far the largest percentage of killers are male.  And no amount of numbers justifies the profiling and violence inflicted on black people by  rogue police officers`. If it did, then the poice would be more justified killing millions of males.
He appears to be a white boy exercising his second amendment rights.  Question is will this be allowed to continue?  Sadly, I think it will.
Country wide terrorists are the Antifa kids and BLM. These fake hate crimes have been systematically debunked.   This tactic is a favorite of the Zionists.   Working class whites are to busy working to worry about prank calling Jews in "country wide terrorist type attacks."  I can't be held accountable for you not understanding the implications of propaganda or how the evidence this argument is a hoax is in the story. Do your own research. Ive wasted way to much time in my life debating liberals who resort to name calling when their arguments get dismantled.
In other words, there are Black Jews, Asian Jews, and White Jews.  Ashkenazi & Sephardi Jews who have no Asian or African DNA are white. Period. There is no debate to be had.
White. Liberal. Privilege.
I disagree. I think it's obvious that the main point of the march in Charlottesville was in support of white supremacism, as proved by the chants of the marchers, who represented white supremacy groups the KKK, American NAZI Party, Vanguard America, and various white nationalist groups. Maybe the don't beat their wives and kick their dogs, but they want to repress black and brown people and Jews, and they want America to be a place only for white people. They are no better than the institutionalized racist of South Africa, demanding apartheid.  Those are not good people. they are a threat to millions of American citizens.  The statue of Lee was a symbolic rallying point, but white nationalism meaning racial and religious bigotry and exclusion of everyone not white was the message.
Yep.  And we're already seeing the usual suspects forming up in here to defend the killer because she's a young white woman.  Gerald, add to your list Catherine Cope, a mother of two killed by a white kid in his daddy's stolen van.  He was charged with "distracted driving" (he'd been smoking weed), and was back on the street a month after sentencing--and it had nothing to do with SB-91, which didn't exist at the time.  The judge thought he could be "rehabilitated".  Translation--he was white and his victim wasn't.  Had Mr. Ballot been behind the wheel and Ms. Forbes been under them, he'd be looking at serious prison-time.  White Alaskan courts have always placed greater value on white lives than on Native lives.  They they still do.  They're just less up-front about it, which means such injustice is more insidious.  The results are the same--white "perps" getting away with, if not technically "murder", at least vehicular manslaughter.  White privilege?  Real.  Equal protection?  Myth.
Well there you have it. Sadly,  a prime example if white privilege
Millions of slaves and you come up with a just a few examples before the War.  This thread concerns the era c. 1861 -65 FYI.  Moreover, during this era many people, white & black, regarded as being criminal got hanged;  very, very few of them were black, partly because each black was worth the price of a good racehorse.  It requires just a smidgeon of common sense to see that blacks were, for the most part, well-treated because their owner's livelihood depended upon their good health.  Just as a horse could not work well if he were weak or sick neither could a black or a white -- e.g. indentured servants.  Yet again you ignore the fact that on plantations and large farms, blacks and whites grew up together.  Most white owners felt a sense of moral obligation as well to treat their slaves well and to teach them to read the Bible.  Your "Uncle Tom's Cabin" recitation of Southern life bears has little to do with reality.
Like the rest of the country,  mostly white trash sent here to not be in Europe,  to not be in England.  Many,   in the beginning,   as slaves or indentured servants,  farm labor.  The "throw away" people of Great Britain.  We have a lot in common with Australians as to economic and social backgrounds.  The low life criminal class given the chance to swing by the neck from a yard arm or a gallows,  or to be "transported" to  labor in the Colonies.  And of course,  there were the few,  the landed gentry,  given the majority of the land by the Crown,  with family money in Europe.  They are still with us,  still Harvard grads,  still doing good in the Americas,  doing well for themselves.  So who,  really,  does the RG need to interview?  There are the few with position and status,  and the rest,  no matter the color of their skin,  their educational levels,  who are the masses,  washed and unwashed.  Cannon fodder.  Labor of convenience.  The national raison d'être.  And better than ??
Like poor oppressed white men? It's sad that they actually think that they are in any way being oppressed, I actually pity them.
"White racism over brown people"? Really 3d, now that's not Civil!
um, Rodney placed many human lives in jeopardy with his high speed car chase.  A white driver would have gotten the same beating.  Why do you use "wealthy white man" instead of "wealthy blacks" like Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, Barack Obama, Robert F Smith,  Oprah Winfrey, et al?
It is interesting to note the significant spike in the installation of Confederate monuments during the 1960s civil rights movement. http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/16/us/confederate-monuments-backlash-chart-trnd/index.html. Their message seems clear enough to me. Against that though is a National Public Radio poll that shows Americans reject extremists (white nationalists, Klansmen and Nazis) by overwhelming margins, but 62% favour keeping the Confederate statues. The discussion is only beginning. Hopefully it can proceed in a manner that avoids the sort of violent confrontation that occurred in Charlottesville.
This is textbook passive aggressive communication.  It’s how most white guys talk in Oregon.  It’s annoying to the rest of the country.  Coach H, just say what you wanna say. Say it directly.  Your communication style makes you sound weak and almost aplologetic for being you.  It comes across as inferior.  You can’t recruit the best players in America sounding like that.  You sound both arrogant and weak at the same time.  Our program continues to deal with the ramifications of  Coach H’a recruiting ineptitude—the passive aggressive communication style just doesn’t work beyond the Coburg Hills.
Ms. Khan is once more engaging in deflecting criticism of Islam by comparing white supremicist extremists to Islamic extremists.   Islamic terrorists use the Koran as the basis of their actions. White supremicists in contrast do not have an ancient holy book to justify their actions.  Kindness by all is a good thing. However, it will not stop violence that is rooted in religious traditions that are 1,300 years old.  It is time that all Muslims faced up to the fact that their religion is not one of peace insofar as the Koran promotes violence against its own people and those it calls infidels.  It is time for all muslims to acknowledge that their religion is no better than any other. Only then will kindness work its magic.
Take a look at some of the biggest hotbeds of addiction.  It's the small town white Americans that have gotten trampled by the decades long destruction of America by monied parasites.  No future, nothing left except despair.  So you think these Trump supporters deserve to die a slow drug-infested death?  Their orange savior is yet another cruel exploitation of those folk.
The Rise Of Anti-Whiteness  :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaUi0GWqzbQ
Wow, why you so angry bud? You seem to 'nitpick' points in the author's piece in order to express your ire.  The article was in fact balanced and didnt suggest that Alberta is more racist than any other province.  The mistake you make - which breeds unnecessary resentment, denial, and anger - is that when someone calls out white racism they are calling every white person a racist.  That is NOT the case and it doesnt help the cause to suggest it is so.
This does seem the tendency. Amplify the acts by foreigners, minimize the acts by white guys. My unscientific survey says Breitbart covers a Islamic shooter for much longer than a white shooter even if the latter caused more death.
It's amazing how the parade of speakers at the DNC paint such a rosy picture about the state of things in the USA.  Listening to NP's comment about the non-college educated white men and the 3 G's yesterday just shows they don't live in the same world as a lot of Americans; especially rural Americans.
Trump made fun of women's appearances. He made fun of women's periods.  His infamous line: "grab 'em by the p****"   And despite all of this:  He won 53% of the white female vote  45% of college educated female voters  42% of women's votes overall  And 9 million more women than men vote in the US election.  Women had the opportunity to break the biggest glass ceiling in the world and vote for a female candidate that was also the globe and fail's preferred candidate as they have constantly reminded us after the election, but chose not to. The biggest whiners, Ms. Renzetti, are reserved for those who participated in the women's march the day after he was elected and could not accept the result of a democratic election.
Michael, yes, you bet I'm against hate groups of any ideology and absolutely against mob violence regardless of what side of politics they're on. And I thought all Americans agreed that neo-nazis, fascism, racism, and bigotry are not the American way and these groups that openly hate people for not being white, with their adulation of Adolf Hitler, are not anything related to normal conservative politics or disagreements between liberals and conservatives. Do you not see neo-nazis and white supremacy as evil? By definition? Because of what they stand for?
"What gives the United States government the right to overthrow our lawfully elected government and replace it with and unelected government run by a small group of white supremacist racists?"  Big guns.  "I'd really enjoy hearing Mr. Conklin's opinion on how the overthrow of a peaceful, neutral ally is somehow just... I'm still waiting."  His opinion is irrelevant to the facts of world history.  Hawaii is the 50th state because the US government has an Army and Navy that is willing to enforce that claim and you don't.  No other reason.  If that weren't the case then Hawaii wouldn't be a state, but it is, so Hawaii is.    Powerful people don't care about the opinions of powerless people.  They just don't.  You think it's important, but that's only because you're powerless.  Powerful people don't think like you.
Not sure what survey the DA Assoc is referencing to support its self-serving claim that DAs "are in touch with their communities".   Also not sure how they are defining "communities";  the county where they were elected? The Black community?  The Latino community? Native Amercan community? Wealthy white Republicans? Recovering addict community? Communities of the formerly incarcerated and their families? Parole, Probation, Jail and Prison staff? Police and sheriffs?  Disabled community? GLBT community? Communities of people who raise chickens?  Collect rocks? Count birds? Local NRA chapters? Affiliated marijuana dispensaries? Water sports enthusiasts?  Christian fundamentalists? Bridge and Scrabble playing community?  Have only met one DA who represents any of the communities of which I'm a member. As a group they tend to be punitive and sanctimonious, routinely pursuing options which ravage lives rather than enable atonement, restore the community, or reflect true justice.
Leaked Chats Show White Nationalists Planned Use Of Brutal Force In C'Ville
Peter, you are going in the right general direction. White racism has permeated every aspect of life in the USA. Most white folk are unaware of this truth. That is by design. The justice system is an integral part of our racist social structure. For example, white people are not racially profiled. They are treated like individuals. That is a white privilege. That law students can graduate without any awareness of the racism in the roots of our justice system, amounts to institutional white racism. The black face defenders want this treated as an individual incident. I see it as a continuation of unbroken white racism for more than 200 years. The ignorance of most white people about white racism is intentional. All the law schools have failed to produce lawyers that could  provide equal protection under the law for all citizens. In a merit based society, the prof's ignorance would be enough to label her incompetent. However, her ignorance of racism is a white privilege in the USA.
The summary don't make sense at all... 'majority government following hundreds of years of a privileged minority franchise.' Pre-1652 there were 'governments? Must be mistaken with Egypt. Minorities were not just white, and they sure weren't just white and all privileged pre-1994 for the last few centuries. Privilege is power. To have power you need to be in government. (Malcolm X) So we can say from 1994, up to now is black privilege. So great writing otherwise, but the logic there just doesn't add up to South Africa's diverse history. Unless the writer only seems to know one side, as is the norm in the failed ANC 'democracy' which is South Africa under Black Nationalism. Walking in failed old footstep of the past into it's own demise.
The difference between the "antifa" left and the white supremacist right is that the former exists mainly to counter the latter; if there were no racist marches, there would be no anti-racist protesters.  Yes, there are masked provocateurs among the left, but the vast majority of leftists show up to peacefully if stridently counter the (more typically physically violent) racists carrying tiki torches and chanting "blood and soil".  Criticizing white supremacists and antifa activists alike for their "intolerance" is risible, considering that leftists are "intolerant" of racism and prejudice but racists are intolerant of other people's very existence in Western society based solely on their visible characteristics and cultural roots.   So, while there are violent leftists, they form a small part of the antifa movement; broadly equating the movement as a whole with the racist, nationalist right is exceedingly facile -- not to mention irresponsible.
Your narcissism feeds our ego, thank you Shark. (Great "White" is presumed)
Take 5 minutes out from ranting and glance at hunting regulations for white people.
The problem was that the universities were trying to handle (and hide) sexual assault on campus.  Often times the university police departments were not apt at handling these cases so the hope was to bring this type of crime to light.  The rich white kids were getting away with it.  There likely is some middle ground that might make more sense but just sweeping it all away goes back to status quo which obviously was not working.  In the end I think the Universities will keep some of the Obama policies in place.
I want those defending Trump's racist words to picture Obama saying the same thing about a "white" judge and what the nation's reaction would be...
Spoken like a typical far right republican.  Sorry, just won't work.  We will never have a peaceful country when poor little white boys feel left behind.  Yes I assume there are more democrats in jail than republicans.  Republicans love to throw democrats in jail while democrats follow the law.
Or, he sees that this movement to demonize all white America and build a culture of resentment is something to comment about.   He has the courage to do it.
Yes,  we will get to live in interesting times and gain experience.  Don't forget the last President was a two year US Senator voting present,  which wasn't often, as he was campaigning as the best black hope and got the job done,  just as Trump did.  But as for experience,  I would have to say Illinois State legislator  and two years as a do nothing  campaigner for President Senator did not make him  more prepared than Trump who is a successful self made billionaire.    The difference is  Obama's Democrat party didn't hinder him in the least,  as he was superficially  their elite,   inside the Beltway,  man in the White House.  Trump has  the disgruntled hoity toity country club Rs agin him,  as well as the madding horde of unholy mindless Democrats whining in a pout.    It really was/is  about the Supreme Court and  we find out how that  works out in the next couple of months.  I am betting nuclear,  and the Scalia seat is filled with a like mind.  If so,  hooray.
Peter:  It reads like you're making the "moral equivalency" argument....that those who counter-protested against white supremacy are just as "wrong" as those who demonstrated for it.  You comment "don't poke the bear"......the bear of white supremacy is NOT in a cage somewhere.  It is roaming the streets of America, proudly celebrating racism.  It must be confronted...Certainly, it should be confronted non-violently.  However, as you note, the white supremacists are prepared for violence and, in the most extreme sense, looking for it.  By the way, there were demonstrations across the nation (including in Eugene) protesting white supremacy.  So that "distant" protest was, indeed, present.  Are you suggesting that what is needed is a "reasoned debate" regarding white supremacy...that we need to debate whether whites are, "by nature", simply superior to other races?  I hope not.  Racism is a belief...an abhorrent, perverted belief in racial superiority with NO rational basis. (cont)
I thought the community barbecues were taking place in minority communities because the residents didn't trust the police and wouldn't provide information after a shooting. It's an attempt to build trust. Are there routine shootings in wealthy, white neighbourhoods? Is there a hostile attitude to the police?  The widespread use of illegal drugs has complicated things. Users, I'm told, have additional strength and, of course, they're behaviour is unpredictable.   The police witness behaviour and situations the rest of us don't.
Under that posting name and other ones, Big Glenn has often had posts deleted by Globe moderators. He has also posted on such white supremacist sites as Stormfront, so that gives some idea how he likes to use his 'free speech'.
The comment blaming white male culture.
It was a chance to harass old white guys with a can of beer  - never happen for a woman with a bottle (or box) of wine
"At about 1 a.m. on May 14, Brown, who was black, approached Lopera, who is white, and another officer at a coffee shop in the Venetian, which is located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip."  Leave it to the liberal WaPo to try to inject a racist angle into a story where none exists.  How long before they try to blame this on Trump too?
According to the 2010 census the population of Alaska is nearly 68% white, however, given the low population proportion of blacks (3.6%) and islanders (1%) they are disproportionately represented in the incarcerated population.  According to the link you provided, of the incarcerated population 10.17% are black and 4.07% is Pacific islander, nearly 3 and 4 times the weight of their actual population, respectively.  Of course there are more whites in the system because whites are the majority of the population, but as a percentage of actual population whites are incarcerated at a lower rate than are blacks and islanders.  Some place blame on the system itself and some on societal and cultural factors.
In this article attacking white men she brought up an example of mass rapes at a  Swedish music festival. Who wants to bet that the men involved were not Swedish???? Such media manipulation. The public knows what is going on in Germany and Sweden now. We know about the rapes and the assaults and we know that it isn't ethnic Germans and Swedes doing it but you try and use those examples to make your points against white men.
There exists a horrible problem of extremism in the Muslim world at present. What is routinely overlooked by those who want to blame all of Islam and all Muslims is that the vast majority of victims of Islamic extremism - well over 99% of them - are Muslims. We only hear about bombings when the happen in the West. To say that Islam is at fault and that all Muslims are terrorists is to say that Muslims enjoy and support having their own children blown to pieces in acts of terrorism. This is absurd on the face of it.  I've traveled in Islamic regions as well, and I too have experienced overwhelming goodness from the people. The same goes for Muslims I know here in the States. I will no more judge them by the acts of a few then I will judge all white Catholics by, say, the actions of the Irish Republican Army (and I'm old enough to remember when some Americans did this). I do not oppose security standards for those entering our country, but I do oppose applying them unequally.
Not to be negative but some of the highest rates of sexual abuse and incest happen in the villages.  It's not whites coming into your town and perpetrating these acts, these acts are internal, perpetrated by people that live there, so in all fairness, I think that you need to worry more about what happens in your village rather than being concerned about white urban people mistreating natives that move to town.  Statistics don't lie, and the statistics show that a native person is in more risk of harm at home than in urban areas.
Donald Trump won because, as many fellow Americans, and former Democrats by the way, told me, he was saying things that many were thinking, but "afraid" to say.  After living in Europe in the 1970's, and returning there several times, the last few visits in the past 2 years, have alarmed me, & I am now afraid to go back.  I am terrified to ride on trains, be at train stations, etc.  Europe is no longer safe.  Frau Merkel has more empathy, love and concern for the refugees than her own people.  Pres. Obama also showed more empathy for anyone but "white Christians".  African Americans, Muslims, illegal immigrants, all are apparently more important, their lives are more important, than regular "white folks".  Many former democrats here have switched to Republican. I hope Frau Merkel does not win, and that Europe can return to the safety it had when I lived there. Otherwise, I cannot go back, it is extremely dangerous now. So very, very sad.  Vote her out, people!!! For God's sake!
In retrospect, two people and two nations benefited the most from the failure of the Franklin's Expedition. The native people of north and the Japanese people of Tokugawa Japan. Both would be highly targeted for colonization by the British Empire. Two nations, Canada and the United States benefited from the rescue explorations that followed. They say that Sir John Franklin was far past his prime when he led the expedition, no longer healthy and his early death attributed greatly to the failure of the expedition. Failure of the whites to cater to the natives, prevented their rescue by the natives who kept away from them even as they lies dying all around. White racism of 19th century provides a sad reflection here. Sounds like a good book.
(Groan.)  "A cottonwood tree that provided shade for the Ute tribes of western Colorado before the arrival of white settlers....." So, it didn't provide shade once the settlers came?  Just one word would have fixed this: "A cottonwood tree that provided shade for the Ute tribes of western Colorado SINCE before the arrival of white settlers...."
The angry old white guys fear anyone who isn't in their club. that means women, Democrats and you!  I guess you own the Democratic party? Take down my comment since you are the self-appointed censor. We are not "over" George Bush's war yet. Insulting me personally is what Bernie bots do. are you one of those?
exactly far too many Self Loathing White Liberals in this paper.  They will screw up this country so badly it will take generations to take it back
Mr. Kristof - Which "researchers" are you referring to and where are the links to your "rigorous studies"?  Without credible sources, your piece is just one guilty white man's opinion.
Congrats to the girls for a good game, finally. I am a bit concerned by some questionable play calling and game management by White however. He has recently sent runners home when it was obvious that an average throw would get them out at home. Also why bring in a pitcher who could not throw a strike and was pulled, for one that could and was doing well? (second game) Just noticing some trends here.
First Nations are foundational to the very existence of Canada.  Due to history and a rapidly growing population they will continue to be so.  It is opinions such as you have expressed - white supremacist, smug, self assured - that are incidental to the sum of Canada.
The rest of the articles are mostly....  - Anti "white" or "male" or both - Pro-globalization (status-quo) - Anti-Trump - Mass immigration is great - Brexiter's are xenophobes - Political correctness is amazing
I find that science skeptics are pedantic and not well rounded in their reading. They pick and choose their faith, but, oh, don't tell them that.  They're on  a roll...in the Religion of Scientism.  And some of them will indeed wake up one day.  Sci-guys constantly bend the data, truth and statistics and also-look-the-other way when it comes to evidence that they cannot handle.  This is their 'science' with a little 's'.   My background was in large mainframe computers, the biggest in the world, so sure, I understand a little bit about performance stats, yes? But, I surely didn't join the skeptics in the Religion of Scientism. They have cold metal-tasting Koolaid, just so you know.   Science is a tool, not a religious support for beliefs in mechanics.  That just won't do.   And...they are mainly white guys, yes? Oh, the incredible non-belief methods of those sci-guys.  Everyone is on top for  a while...then you experience life's pains...and gee, what was it you were saying about DEATH?
White Anglo Saxon Protestants are an ethnic minority in many GTA schools, they are certainly the minority in the Brampton area.  Assimilating non Anglos into mainstream Canadian culture is not the priority,  this makes sense.  To those fleeing persecution, terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength #WelcomeToCanada
It shows that she respects indigenous people and their respective cultures. We eat fish and meats like our ancestors before us long before white people came along with their self-righteousness.
"prove you are the officer’s equal or better, " Wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong. In some cases, it's better to StFup and let the officer be everything he ever imagined he was. I could tell you about the time I got cuffed and transported. Suffice to say that I was scared mute, and I'm white. Who knows what a cop is thinking. They have guns...
He's different from the "old white man running for the NDP". People are noticing that and they're listening to what he has to say. In politics, standing out from the crowd is a good thing.
I agree with the need for more civility, and with those who advocate posting under real names.   But as much as I appreciate a good Trump pile-on, I think the headline is inappropriate. One of the largest demographics to vote for Trump was white women. Sure, it was fueled by their distaste for Clinton, but they were willing to forgive the obnoxious comments from Trump.
The racial situation in this country is complicated and literally incomprehensible. Of course many whites "don't get it"... many blacks don't seem to either.
I should have been more specific. Trump says that:  1). Only he has the right answers and can fix everything.  2). Only he tells the truth.  3). Only he can threaten his party: "It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President."  4). All persons criticizing these assessments are 100% wrong.  No one is 'blind' if they look at facts that are true.  I refuse to accept facts that are false.  This POTUS doesn't do the 'little white lie', he delivers the most 'gigantic whoppers' on an almost daily basis.  Every POTUS before Trump has told a whopper or two, and those 'little white lies' that most of us tolerate.  So, I can safely say that I am not blind to Trump's words or deeds.  I respect the office of the POTUS, but not the man occupying that office.
The F.B.I. has likely already planted provocateurs among the protestors who will help to create situations wherein Native protestors can be killed by the militarized police with the provocateurs paving the way for deniability of responsibility. Until such time they will reenact their genocidal proclivities through the use physical violence such as rubber bullets, water cannons, tear gas, and dowsing with mace at levels that constitute human rights abuses.  The irony of this will be lost on a great many white Americans who are confirmed racists. Happy Thanksgiving  USA---->KKK
More interesting questions, why would there be routine shootings in white neighborhoods; why would whites have a hostile attitude toward police?  The 2014 National Survey on Drug Use and Health concluded that whites have higher rates of drug use than blacks but blacks do more prison time, are policed more (carding).   Raw numbers in the 2009 NSDUH survey among 18-25 yearold whites, 5M use illicit drugs compared to 1M blacks (5:1 ratio) yet~50% of those in prison for drug crimes are black.  White dealers also outnumber black dealers. Mohamed & Fritsvold's study of dorm room dealers shows how white drug dealers without any effort avoid both prison and the stigma of dealing.  Strategies to avoid cops was alien to them unlike black (street) dealers who had many. They note dealing is low-risk because whites are anti-targets in the war on drugs;  are invisible to cops because they don’t fit the drug dealer stereotype.  Dealing, the authors say is intentionally ignored by campus authorities.
"The fact is a white male wrote a poorly articulated blog with deliberately shaky/incorrect data to argue for possible disenfranchisement of white men." Sorry, that isn't entirely true. Your sentence should read: "The fact is a white male posing as a female, passed off a poorly articulated blog with deliberately shaky/incorrect data to argue for possible disenfranchisement of white men." Needless to say one should also add, he was able to accomplish the task due to implicit bias in editorial, failure to check facts and the rush to jump to conclusions. It does seem a bit of reverse psychology. And you do go on to correct your error. That nobody has bothered to examine previous issues to do with Huffington's failure to examine Naspers role during apartheid, and my own exposure of this problem, is par for the course. That the incident has been turned around, into a showcase of white male concerns, is horrendous. One can only speculate as to whether or not this was a collaboration.
Trump retweeted a graphic from a white supremacist falsely claiming that 81 percent of white homicide victims were killed by black people.   When Trump retweeted the account @WhiteGenocideTM, the publisher of the neo-Nazi Daily Stormer could barely contain his excitement.   “Our Glorious Leader and ULTIMATE SAVIOR has gone full-wink-wink-wink to his most aggressive supporters,” he wrote.   “Whereas the odd White genocide tweet could be a random occurrence, it isn’t statistically possible that two of them back to back could be a random occurrence. It could only be deliberate.”
You are spot on. Cultural differences are critical to this crisis. The former white schools and private schools are sought out for their excellence by black learners who then find themselves  in a foreign space from a cultural perspective. The question is how does one change this but not import the ...lack of excellence that is so prevalent in  most state (and thus mostly black) schools.
The 'white supremacist' problem is massively overplayed and relatively non-existent when it comes to reality. Sure it exists, but its such a minority that there is no power there. This is only an issue within a self-contradicting ideology, such as identity politics and 'social justice'.
keaukaha is exactly right:  Trump sold his angry white supporters for a ride and in now way serves their interests.  Trump used to be a funny man on TV but is a real danger top America now.
Is it possible the rapes were done by new non-white immigrants?  The G & M has been reporting this particular problem in a number of European nations.
Walter, thanks for your clarificaton. I am really eager to understand, but get confused by the jargon. For example, assume that a white person is not racist, he does not believe in white supremacy, because he has never lived in South Africa, the USA or in Western Europe. Let us say that he is from Eastern Europe.Does this mean that although he is white (skin-wise), but has no "whiteness" in him, but instead possesses "darkness" ? But let us say that he is Chinese, and believes that Chinese culture is  superior  to that of Blacks. This individual is not white, but has "whiteness". Some Chinese are said to believe that Chinese culture is superior to that of whites. So such people are not white but have "whiteness". One must be careful when attempting to create a new jargon. The difference between  OMO and SURF is less complicated. Some believe that OMO is superior and as long as you don't work for the manufacturer of SURF, you are safe and can enjoy your rights of free expression.
Yeah, Chillin' - there are millions and millions of white supremacists and Neo-Nazis everywhere, and millions of Russians too! It's time to panic, don an Antifa uniform with helmet and face mask, pick up the sturdy club, and beat the crap outta them, whether they're real or just suspected. How Democratic you are, and your theories must necessarily be metastasizing apace, if we're to be "saved" by you and yours.
America has become a third rate rogue nation I feared would happen after Trump was elected president. It is no better than the rogue nations Trump condemns, North Korea, Venezuela included, for whatever reason. America has abdicated its role as the leader of the free world and doesn't deserve the expectation that it would even uphold human rights and the rule of law. Nazis, White Supremacists, the KKK, all sing praises unto their warlord. America has won the race to the bareness of humanity's bottom. It is not enough for our politicians to decry Trump's actions and words. They owe it to us to save us from this man, what Sen. Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, just called the "Great Peril."
The eradication of Canadian history is proceeding  with the elimination of one dead white man at a time. Put Sir John on the $100.   Surely Justin  wants a bill for himself too.  I suggest the $7 bill.
I was just reading about another possible way that Trump and his cohorts may have tried to cover up their various suspected dealings with Russia. Under freedom of information it has been found out that, contained with the now infamous travel ban documents, Customs Border Guards were to 'strong arm' members of Congress and Attorneys are to 'treated with suspicion'.  “I’m extremely troubled that CBP [Customs and Border Protection] employees would be instructed by superiors to ignore Congressional representatives trying to do their job, especially under such circumstances,” said Sen. Cory Booker, a New Jersey Democrat. “We suspected as much at the time, but it’s jarring to see it in black and white. I’ll be seeking more information from CBP on this matter.”  Someone in the WH doesn't want them to do their job, investigation.  http://www.thedailybeast.com/border-patrol-ordered-to-block-congressmen-during-travel-ban
<"I pray that those men and women on both sides can talk and seek solutions to their differences respectfully."'> As though there is some sort of middle ground between Nazis and those who oppose them.  You're right: this indicates a moral blindness on the part of Bishop DeLorenzo: where is his full-troatee denunciation not only of the white supremacy but of the racist president who promotes and defends them? Despicable.
Not a lot of diversity in the crowd; 98% white.
They also do not have White Supremacists.  Do the math.
I know you jest, Greggore, however it has already happened.  There are several groups who are out to ban St. Pattys day saying it is a racist holiday and a symbol of white supremacy.
Oh, you're good.  Have you ever seen a prosecutor's position description?  It doesn;t include going 'round to public schools giving seminars on the consequences of crack laws.  You get more amusing with every posting.  Please keep them coming.  Your view, however, that whites, in general, don't really care whether blacks live or die is really too serious to let drop.  If you really cared about black lives, you'd be more honest about what happened in Ferguson and stop fanning flames.  Which BLM literally did.
What happens if all those non-White minority-voters are no longer on the American Electoral Roll in 4 years time? Will this piece be still relevant?
It is not Canadian culture they will be funding. It will be left wing Communist sympathetic  politically correct drivel. that intentionally vilifies and ignores heterosexual white  males outside of Toronto. No conservative will get a dime.
While I seldom agree with you, you make a great point. Things would be much different if this man had white skin and a badge.
first in North America does not make First Nations the "owners" of the land for all eternity History changes people get conquered, tribes migrate etc . who are the indigenous Egyptians to claim the land from the Arab Egyptians. . there were not enough aboriginals to occupy the entire North American continent when white settlers arrive 500 years ago . There was empty land that white settlers did not "steal" from anyone. . do the Turks debate whether they "stole" the land when they arrived from Central Asia Oh no, only leftist progressives in the West have time and luxury to entertain such guilt
Written like a true fascist idolator of attack, torture, murder by Gestapo garbed police state thugs.  Another coward spouting the White Supremacist hate and vitriol worthy of their new leader.  Blow an unarmed young woman's arm off with a concussion grenade and laugh.  Your comments emulate the North Dakota Nazi Gestapo racist content of the entire government from the governor on down.  White cowards serving their Oil Monopoly Monsters spreading death and destruction wherever they set foot.  North Dakota is just the Northern clone of Texas carrying out the same fascist policies to feed the greed of the Oil Slime determined to extract the last penny from the land before it is lost forever to the water pollution from fracking and Black Toxic pipeline content.  Hate and violence for the world to see as the true nature of the new United States of Amerika.
' …Sheila,   …the Black Panthers didn't scare all white people. . Plenty of white people stood with the Panthers.  Especially in Oakland and all around the bay. . Very true the Panthers scared some.  Some deserved scaring.    Some deserved more than scaring. . They scared Governor Reagan and his supporters.  They probably scared Herbert Hoover the most.   .  They scared Establishment whites, true enough.  Even today, just the mention scares some white people.  Irrational and bigoted ones, mostly. . Now as it was then.
Brock Long is the Epitome of white privilege!  At the tender age of 42 years old, he is the Chief of FEMA.    His credentials: Podunk degrees (criminal justice and MPA) from Podunk universities (Appalachia State University).  Then, graduated from Executive Leadership Program (joke hours) from NPS.  Basically, these executive leadership certificates are basically a money making certificate mill just so the name "Naval" is attached.  Grew up in North Carolina and worked in Alabama and Georgia.  Only a white male with such credentials would get appointed by Emperor Trump and confirmed by the Senate to head FEMA.  If you are a minority or a woman, to be Chief of FEMA, there is ZERO CHANCE of being Chief of FEMA with Brock Long's credentials.    So, no surprise brown citizens in Puerto Rico gets the crumbs that's being given to them.  Many Brock Long wannabees were represented in Charlottesville!!!!
"Many urged calm, patience and respectful waiting. I was there so I can tell you. In fact, King’s “Letter from Birmingham Jail” was written to a predecessor of mine as bishop in Birmingham. In that letter, King eloquently explained why waiting wasn’t the answer and pointedly chided good white liberals for their patient caution and bland moderation."  Patience with injustice is sin.  Dr. King knew that.  His white critics didn't.  Now that white supremacy has returned in the guise of a real estate conman president, it is the duty of every Christian to stand up for justice.
It is up for debate and an opinion about events is relevant... That is precisely why lawyers are taking the matter to the Supreme Court.  You are wrong to state that I believe the baker has the right to discriminate.  I do not believe that.  You are just trying to twist my words to make it look like I think that.  We simply have a fundamental difference of opinion on what constitutes discrimination.  Neither of us is necessarily wrong or right.  Whatever the Supreme Court decides will be the law, and whichever way they decide there will be people who don't agree with it.  Could a baker refuse to bake a cake for a wedding between two white people?  Yes.  He can refuse to bake a custom cake -- his personal art/expression -- for any event.  I can definitely see this being a factor at race-related events such as rallies for "Black Lives Matter" or "White Nation."  The guy has already refused to bake Halloween cakes and cakes expressing anti-American (USA) sentiment.
Hey Lars, I'm familiar with the statistics, but I don't see the relationship to this article.  As a Left leaning fiscal conservative (yes, I love Freedom, etc.), I want to make sure the money I pay in taxes for a program like this is keeping the most likely future offenders in prison (and saving me money by releasing those least likely to offend again).   The research cited here shows that the program two big flaws: 1. It doesn't accurately predict future criminal behavior; 2. It consistently over-predicts the future criminal behavior of Blacks.  I don't think you meant this, but your comment infers that releasing Whites likely to commit future crimes is okay, and keeping Blacks that are not likely future criminals incarcerated is justified.    Here's your chance to clarify your position.
What about the white cop in San Antonio executed by the black man yesterday Mr. Pitts. Have the Trump "racists" executed anybody yet?
Being concerned about enemy combatants is not racism. After WWII we helped the Japanese rebuild Japan and welcomed them to the US. All my friends growing up in Hawaii in the 60's were Hapa with Japanese mom's and white American service dads. Pretty soon the Japanese pretty much owned Hawaii. They referred to it as "where the Japanese come to play golf." This continued until the downturn of the Japanese economy. Hardly sounds like terrible discrimination to me.
I have long maintained that racism and bigotry is a mental illness and should be included as such in DSM lV, the bible of mental health practitioners. Left untreated it produces psychotic and dangerous people like Dylan Roof, white, who said at his sentencing hearing today he feels no remorse and isn’t sorry for killing 9 innocent Black people in a Charleston S.C. church. He pumped 77 bullets into them as they bowed their heads and closed their eyes to pray. That is racism.
Do you remember when Faux called the election for Romney on election night?  Then not too much later there was this bewildered "whoa I think we're going to lose this one" look on all their faces.  I think that already happened this year.  The reality is in the real world the silent majority is going to plug their nose and go to the polls for HRC and she will crush the electoral college.  There's just not enough angry white guy's out there in the states that matter.  That's my prediction.  Not sure what that means but watching the meltdown is sure to be entertaining.
I wish someone would do an extensive investigation of the correlation between the rise of diversity and the lowering of contributions of states to higher education. I first went to college in the 1960's, when the University of Connecticut was pretty much all white. After riots burned cities during those times, changes were made, and more and more black students were able to attend college. Yet the contribution offered by the state was reduced significantly. I would guess almost all states would show a graph that indicates that as diversity increased, tax funding was reduced for public schools, but there was a significant rise in private funding for private schools. Racism in higher ed? Hugh Massengill, Eugene
I don't think her article acknowledges right wing terrorism as so much as saying that the incident by this sad, and apparently mentally ill man, is the same as pre-meditatied, planned, and coordinated bloodbaths that have taken place at London Bridge and in Manchester.  I think most people realize hate groups occur on both the left and the right.  What she is trying to do is to convince readers that these lone and random acts of violence by some old white dude is the same as mass murder campaigns by Islamic thugs.  If this is the case, then mafia hits are just another random crime.  And they aren't and neither are these barbaric islamic terrorists.  I hope I was able to clear this up for you.
With the SJW industry infiltrating all levels of education, can anyone be really surprised that wasting class time to promote white collective guilt propaganda over math and reading would result in lower test scores?  BTW, I'd get my kid out on that school ASAP....
Rephrase that and add the following words:   It is specifically a protest of the treatment of Black Americans by the police - IN A VERY, VERY FEW ISOLATED INSTANCES  There have been what, 5 police shootings in the last year against African Americans ? How many white cops have killed white people in the same period ? 100 times that ?
My thoughts are somewhat divided on these issues. I consider myself a Christian, but I also strongly believe in the separation of Church and State. I also believe there should be no special tax exempt status for religious institutions. I’m not opposed to citizens wearing a crucifix, a head scarf, a turban or a Jewish skull-cap to their place of work. I would draw the line at full face veils and daggers, as reasonable accommodation should have its limits.   Can we all just “get along” in Canada and tone the rhetoric against minorities of every description. I’m a white Christian male and it appears to me that it is this older generation that are the ones who hold the most grudges and animosity against minorities. My children and grandchildren are colour-blind when it comes to accepting minorities and I’m very thankful of that.
It's not merely an issue of individual hatred.  It is a matter of institutional policy.  It's a reality that state power has ALWAYS been antagonistically wielded against against black and brown folks as opposed to whites.  The leopard does not change its spots.  We don't expect a government that has throughout its history engaged in 'social engineering' exclusively to further the interests of rich white men to the detriment of everyone else to act benevolently towards us.  We understand that this engenders significant restrictions to our children's lives with which yours don't have to contend.  And it's neither 'playing the victim' or being bitter to point this out.  It is what it is.  And preparing my children and grandchildren to deal with it is my duty.  And the role of victim is NEVER "play", unless your idea of a good time is to have a cop tell you some night how he killed your child because he 'looked just like' a wanted criminal.  Oops!  We're sorry--don't be bitter!
Popular Vote 2016: Donald Trump--59,611,678--->47% Hillary Clinton--59,814,018--->48% So you mean 47% of "the people" have spoken--mainly the college-educated white males and the like-minded non college-educated whites.  White college-educated women voted for Clinton. I guess we don't like men with small brains and small hands to match.
"But whoever wins will have to appeal to voters in Mississauga-Erin Mills, to choose just one Greater Toronto example. That riding is 60 per cent non-white." No kidding. You can see the lib-totalitarian party representatives, working their butts off , to try and accommodate the Islamic community, which has spread from Brampton, to Toronto,  Mississauga,  Milton, moving south to Oakville and Burlington. Whatever party gives in  the most,  to this culture, will get the advantage at election time. Don't be surprise, in just a few years,  we'll see either the first Islamic  Toronto Mayor or Ontario's Premier.
Voted to remove the police and the police booth?  If shouting down anyone who disagrees with the BLM with racial slurs (white privilege) is voting it, I guess the Bolshevik take over of Russia was democratic. Pride should be embarrassed by the thugger that took place.  It is no surprise the many long-time members of Pride are considering ignoring this year's parade.
Tulsi's right.  Why oppose Steve Bannon?  We have to play the hand we're dealt, right?  Sure Putin made sure that a white supremacist FSB agent was part of that hand.  But how bad could Putin be?  He likes Assad after all and Assad is buds with my girl Tulsi.  Hence Steven Bannon is all good.  QED.  Free copies of Evola for everyone.  Well, everyone who's white that is.
I disagree about women and non white people.   Women in  particular, but I can understand the question of black people.    I don't think it's a racial discrimination as much as it is against those in low income/poverty.     That would include a pretty big hunk of rural America as well.  By numbers I would guess it will disproportionately affect the black population.    I see you point, but I think it's about winning elections, not racism.  I could be wrong   Now if their was a period of time that election officials would help in clearing an initial search for registration documents, it would go down a lot easier.  Maybe help in finding the birth certificate.   But once established as an illegible voter, polling place documentation should never be required.     Baring an official more to that, give any program 5 years to take effect and that should be sufficient time to locate and register all adult voters.  Should, but who knows how hacking could effect the voting process in the future
Ossoff has got to be one of the whitest men I have ever laid eyes on and he must bleach his skin or something because he is so bizarrely white. I just don't picture him crying himself to sleep at night thinking about the plight of the poor negroes in the district that he moved out of. I reckon though if the DNC Plantation Slave Masters tell the blacks to vote for this very, very white man then that's what they will be forced to do. If anyone knows of a man who is more white than this guy, let me know!
There is a widely held belief, primarily by black Africans, that they cannot be racist. That racism can only be white on black. BLF is the living, shouting, abusive proof that blacks are equally succeptable  to racist outbursts. Their organization is founded on racist principles, and whenever it opens it mouth, it spews forth racist invective. Enough already! I insist that the HRC takes them to task, and charges them with Hate Speech. They are no better than Penny Sparrow, much worse, in fact.
To reprise a well-used term by the left on these pages, "False equivalency".    The Libs are either woefully naive or dangerously ideological on this issue, and have upped their hypocrisy to new levels.  When a Muslim attacked Parliament Hill and killed a solider, the Liberals characterized the incident as a lone wolf attacker and lectured Canadians to not scapegoat all Muslims in the process.  Justin Trudeau went on to encourage Canadians to offer compassion in considering the circumstances which may give rise to radicalization.  When a schizophrenic white supremacist kills an anti-right protester with his car, this is construed as the first victim in the second coming of the Third Reich.  An author offers pretty much the same comments that Trudeau did and gets absolutely slammed as enabling or excusing nao-naziism.  ...continued
I'm not making an accusation, but it's understandable why people are making the connection. Trump was disrespectful to the Khan family after their speech at the DNC convention - non-Caucasian, he was insensitive and unsympathetic to Mrs. Johnson minutes before she was to receive her son's coffin - non-Caucasian, he drew equivalency between African American protesters and white supremacists in Charlottesville, even when a protester - non-Caucasian was killed and several injured, BUT he offered $25,000 of his own money to assuage the father of a fallen Caucasian soldier. Again, no accusation because accusing someone of racism is a pretty damming accusation and you better have incontrovertible proof - I'm not sure the proof here is incontrovertible, but surely you can see the connection points?
What did I say that was incorrect?  I have internet connection and TV,  and Steve Bannon and Jeff Sessions are racists.  Donald Trump is a misogynist.  You got your perfect model of white male supremacy, even though he is ugly.  If you feel insulted, then that's good because until now; you haven't been paying attention.  When you lose your Medicare and Social Security to the whims of the fat cats, the foul-mouthed, t-shirted, gun-totin', tatooed intelligentsia will probably blame Barack Obama.
".go to a KFC and see large white people...OK...fatties chowing down" Amazing that such a bigoted comment can be made without the slightest bit of shame.
Then he should have said some people. Many different people have differing opinions, not just white people. He is practicing reverse discrimination...a form of revenge. Martin Luther King taught to seek equality, not revenge.
I respect your opinion, but perhaps you might read the article again as I have just done. As I understand it, the author included the Proud Boys, or whatever they're called, and the movie guys in a longer list of examples to demonize white males. Her screed was against the demographic in general, not these two groups in particular. This mean-spirited article was designed to offend white males the vast majority of whom do not deserve to be offended in a newspaper that purports to be a serious one.
I've never understood the attack on Jews. I work with Jews, I have Jewish neighbors...dated a Jew many years ago. To me, it's like picking on the Lutherans for no reason at all.   But here we are, white supremacists all emboldened and worked up by Trump, putting their ignorance out into the light for all to see. This is the time when the rest of us, Jewish, Muslim, Christians, gay, black, brown, etc., all come together to fight this disease and push it back into the shadows.
You are the only one engaging in hyperbole. Nobody else has said white supremacists represent half the country or even a twentieth. As for the rest of your posting? Trump has enabled white supremacists. Just as heroes tend to come forth at times of emergency and war, so do the cowardly bigots in times when a leader encourages them and otherwise good people turn away.
white privilege? Go to some western states where rednecks throw beer on Native elementary school children at hockey games and get away with it. Or armed militia takeover land they want to squat on and get away with it. What is white privilege to you? Something to make you great again?
It sounds to me like you just admitted to making a lifetime career in an industry that you claim routinely exploits other cultures. A tad bit hypocritical dont you think? Did you protest when Family Guy and South Park turned Jesus Christ into a record store owner and professional wrestler, or is your outrage reserved for non-white exploitation?   Im also curious to hear your plan for the reinstatement of the Hawaiian Kingdom. (whichever version it is you are referring too, I think there are something like 10 competitors to the "throne" at this point). Are you part of Malosi's pending "revolution", or do you have a different idea of how to kick a couple hundred thousand people, not to mention the world's most powerful military, off of the island?
It's projection - the right wing thinks that racism doesn't exist (except for "white genocide" - LOL!) and so if anyone points out the obvious racist streak in the right wing and Republican Party, they get all butthurt, whine about what they insist on calling "political correctness", the "race card", and then declare victory.   It only makes sense in the Wingnutosphere. It doesn't even pass the laugh test in the real world.
It's sad, maddening and frightening all at the same time to witness the spiraling downward descent into the black hole of identity politics foisted on us by the regressive Left.  Decades of progress, of working towards eliminating institutional and societal prejudice against minorities is being tossed aside.  But being ever-vigilant to ensure all of us have the opportunity to share in the advantages of life in Canada just isn't enough for the self-flagellating guilty white SJWs and glory-seeking activists. They insist on placing us on their subjective Victim Scale.  They are pitting us against each other as identified groups vie for a higher ranking.  In their parallel universe they call this "inclusiveness".  Arguing against a blatant attempt to have parliament rate one group above others is deemed to be "wedge politics" or "divisive".  It seems the regressives won't be happy until we're all at each other's throats or stuck in our respective cultural ghettos.
He will never learn & will ultimately damage his country for generations to come in order to protect his ego from the truth: that he is incompetent & has risen to this office via the rich, white male card(s).
I love Australia, my brother and his family live there and I have visited many times but there is no doubt that there remains a strong streak of racism among many Australians, a hang over from the old "whites only" immigration policy. Although it never got to the nastiness of apartheid because black people were not allowed in and a lid was placed on the Aboriginal population to keep it under control, it had a similar origin. Your internment camps are a disgrace. Thankfully, I know that a lot of Australians are not racist.
What's interesting in Trump's presidency thus far is that he is like that commercial where two people say what they really mean instead of saying what the public (or just another person) wants to hear.  Was it a credit card commercial?  Anyway, I definitely do not support his beliefs, but it's better to know where he is honestly coming from than for him to hide behind white lies while secretly supporting supremacists.  Ironically, his honestly will ultimately be his undoing.
"must back" tRump? The white pride piper? I'll back him up when he's on his way to prison.
Whiteness is always changing, which further proves that it is dependent entirely upon social conditions. Greeks, Italians, and Irish were once not white. Nor were Jews until after the Second World War. Now it could be argued that people of East-Asian descent are on track to whiteness.
Maddening to watch people sticking needles into their arms under the blue tarp.  Black bald man holding large bag of white powder.  Watched one lady under tarp shoot up three times.  Apparently an outdoor shooting gallery and the police are either powerless or too understaffed to do anything about it.  I can certainly understand the frustration business owners in the area have, especially when it's their customers who have to confront this situation in order to access their facilities. This opinion piece seeks to shame the business owner.  We would be better served if it shamed the city, the mayor, council members, law enforcement.
I have read that native people are over represented in the prison system more times than I can count. Now this writer seems to be asking that even more go into the jails. Because I'm betting it wasn't a white guy who was undoing that woman's pants.   My suggestion, navtive women, get out of the village. Move to a town and take your kids with you. Villages wet or dry are not safe, at least in a town you can call a cop that will be there faster than the two or three days that it takes a trooper to get to you. If you have family in a city think about moving there, your kids will have better schools. And will learn to live within the dominant culture, which will give them a shot at better jobs.  You won't lose your culture, it will just change. And that's ok, cultures that don't change and grow along side others, die.
Quite an experience to live in the Bay area, as I did for several years, and see fully able bodied men get handed buck after buck from white liberals.   Same pan handler, same corner, year after year.   Some of them constantly assail passersby, or hand outside restaurants.    Same white liberals, giving buck after buck.    Tell me that's not racism.
Another example of such buIIshit is Flowers' sanctimonious strutting about Dylan Roof's death sentence.  Don't get me wrong, I support the death penalty.  But when I read Ms. Flowers' hypocritical boast, I remembered living an hour's drive from a man who, given the opportunity, would have murdered me and my whole family without hesitation.  I know this because he'd murdered TEN people like us during the "civil rights" era and gotten away with it, let off by a "jury of his peers".  He owned a video game arcade in Flora, MS.  And the Mosque I attended for Friday prayer was in Mound Bayou, MS, a little town whose most famous resident Medgar Evers was murdered in front of his wife and kids by another white man acquitted by a jury of HIS peers.  A hundred more such murders have never been brought to trial.  And a little over a month ago a mistrial was declared for a South Carolina cop who was videotaped shooting a fleeing unarmed man in the back, and planting a tazer near his prone corpse.
You don't achieve eternal life in the Christian faith. Maybe the author misquoted the pastor here but he is dead wrong if he used those words. God's grace through his son Jesus Christ is the only way for eternal life and salvation. There is no "achieving". The holy spirit lives within a believer and if that believer continually seeks it out, the holy spirit will take that person where they need to go. Politics aren't black and white, no racial pun intended, so it is not easy for churches to choose a side in the democrat vs republican world we live in in the US. Sexuality is very much a part of the bible both old and new testaments. To properly teach the bible a pastor must be ready to teach bible based sexuality.
I'm more wise than you'll ever be but I'm tired of people being in fear, especially here where the crime rate is low.  Travelling in the last 10 years have been the S.W United States down to Argentina.  Next will be Canada where I last skied at Mt Whistler in '75.  Of course that's a white population so that's safe, I suppose.
It's pretty black and white, convicted and known terrorist who killed people gets paid $10.5M for it.
I thought Schill's proposal wasn't far off the mark. He is pretty much trying to allow protests up to the point where they interfere with mobility, classes or access to offices in buildings. Sure, one won't be able to amplify one's shouts in front of the admin. building, but that's not truly silencing protest.  That said, I would have liked to have seen him offer up the quote about universities being marketplaces of ideas while he was quoting dead white men. I strongly feel that should be at the center of any policy. Good ideas that are outside the dominant paradigm can transform people, but only if they are able to be freely disseminated.
I was OK with your reply until the last sentence, which was completely uncalled-for. All of us will have to deal with the rapidly developing Trumpastrophe, which will hurt most of us in one of several ways. It's possible that a corporate tax reduction would perk up my investment returns, but the Trump-Congress budget as proposed likely would cost me, a median-income person, a thousand or more in additional taxes, whereas I had expected a modest tax cut. Meanwhile, all my costs are going, especially my various insurance policies. Those who will really be hurt are the children of those addicts, mostly poor whites who are unemployed or under-employed but still getting children, especially with cuts to family planning, contraceptives, pre-and-post-natal care, and cuts to children's health care and food.  It looks like we all lost, except for wealthy people. So put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Got to love it ... "Custer's Last Stand for Progressives."  It's legitimate to recount the shameful history of genocide; however, trying to overlay those sins on contemporary "progressive" policies is absurd. "Progressive" and "Conservative" labels are of no value in accounting for the horrors.  OTOH, "white supremacist" is very applicable, then and now.  So, good luck with the Trump administration, which places a vicious white supremacist as the senior policy adviser.
We spend billions to "protect" our public in places like airports; this serves the fears old white guys have that they are being threatened as the holders of power. They need to distribute protection to include what minority populations fear and which is real: Angry, old white guys are what we need to worry about because they are very angry at women (for not staying where put, for having opinions of our own, and for voting for who we choose); what we need is more education on civil society in high school and zero tolerance for bullies; Two main bullies come to mind: George Bush and his cronies and now we have them to thank for ISIS. Now, people everywhere need to disassociate from Donald Trump and all the other haters whether it is from personal religious beliefs, racism, sexism and economic disadvantaged people. While the republicans talk about security they mean white guy's security; when they speak of economic stability they are speaking about their own.
If the U.S. debt is such a critical problem, why is the U.S. dollar still the anchor currency in the world? Recent reports show the U.S. at near full employment. Who is going to fill all the positions vacated by the millions of illegals? Those jobs tend to be low skill, low wage labour positions that Americans refuse to do. And what does income have to do with the fact that Trump was elected by poorly educated whites? Absolutely nothing. You've offered no solid reasoning to justify support for a clearly unqualified, in both background and temperament, raging narcissist president. And you can't, because Trump is a disaster, as he proves on a daily basis.
They probably would, but from what I have heard over and over again, I am white so I am not entitled to join into that conservation. And disrespecting the flag and country is probably not going to want me to get involved anyway.    https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/tables/table-43 This might help explain:  Just remember while reading this report that African American's represent 13% of the nation's population.
Lana, we are all Natives of the Planet Earth, and there are more Polynesians alive today in the United States than ever before.  So it would seem that you are siding on purely racial grounds.  We are all one people. We need to stop racial divisiveness.  That's a Democrat, divide and conquer trait, here in Hawaii.  Men against women, rich against poor, straight against gay, white(whatever that is) against every other race. It's just silly. There is so much intermarriage here in Hawaii that the 20% figure you cite is hardly accurate anyway.
Judges have good judgment, Harper and others on the hard right do not - they see things in black/white terms that have no bearing on reality.
Well Connie, if you don't know, it way too late in life to enlightened you.  But all you have done so far is to attack me and my position. With issue like this, you are either for it...or against it. I am against it. You are for it. You haven't began to defend your position which I will presume would be defending the Confederate flag and the swastika but knowing that you have no legs to stand on, you just attack. Some may say that our national flag did the same but the key difference is, our national flag improved to embrace the American ideals as the time went on while the Confederate flag only represent white racism. But if you got a case, defend your position. If you cannot and only attack, then your comments are worthless. You do know the term "neo-Confederates"? They are talking about how the South will rise again or how the Civil War wasn't about slavery! Some insisted that South didn't fire the first shot of the war. The Russians did it!! LOL!!!
Jesus Mary Murphy You nearly destroyed our countries in USA and Canada. The EU is dead and self destructing. Biden let the cat out of the bag the other night at Davos.  He warned of the death of the Liberal World Order - WOW  If all these Marxists who had power for the last 24 years (they call themselves Progressives now to trick everyone)  hadn't ripped democracy apart and forced everything from indiscriminate immigration, creating a public sector 300% of the size of any other era. Then they forced white men and women to the shed in anti-white employment policies.  Then they bloated the bureaucracies to protect themselves from us  Then were deplorable for questioning their Marxist brilliance. Luckily we banded together and turned the narrative and will return our countries to the center. But severe damage has been done by you. There are millions of potential terrorists in our countries now. Completely un-vetted I might add. Hopefully we can Now your pissed? GIVE US A BREAK
Charles, that your former co-workers were shocked, doesn't surprise me. The comment about being married to a Latina falls pretty much in the same category as the claim by whites not be biased because they have black friends. Tell me this, please. The profit center you mention in your last post, that of slave owners raping their black slaves, do you equate that with, say, cattle breeding? We let the bull mate with the cow so we will have more bovines. Is that your point? (I want to be sure I understand.)
It's interesting that school kids these days can't write proper English or solve basic Arithmetic problems, but are being taught all about 'white privilege' and how Johnny might look like a boy on the outside, but actually be a girl on the inside.    We have lost our way as a society.  This does not bode well for the future.
The actual chant is "You will not replace us" and "Jews will not replace us", and they come from European anti-multiculturalism activists who feel that the "white Christian identity" is at risk from what they refer to as the "Great Replacement".
Hey, we got the Isreali who actually showed promise, another lumbering white guy, a decent white guy in Johnson, a returning fairly athletic senior black guy who started so UH got enough inside players for the conference they play in. You're not asking for much are you? If you think we can get that type of thoroughbred (sounds like you're dreaming of another Lebron), sorry but the last time I checked, UH is not member of a power conference. I can't even recall the last time UH had a player fitting your description. Let me know when you wake up from your dreaming.
It seems Angry White Guys spend a LOT of time on Youtube.
The Southern Poverty Law Center documents 1,094 bias-related incidents from November 9 through December 16, 2016.  The incidents include, in descending order of frequency, anti-immigrant, anti-black, anti-Muslim, anti-LGBT, Swastika, white nationalist fliers, anti-woman, anti-Semitic, anti-Trump, KKK.  The report also lists a dozen reports of bias-related incidents that were likely false reports.  The report is here: https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/12/16/update-1094-bias-related-incidents-month-following-election
If you think that in America black men and women are admired while "rich white girls" are despised, you've never heard of OJ and the Kardashians.
all white?  stopped reading after that.........
You mean like Obama's , "White man's greed..." comment?  Again, if the object of this game is to secure our borders and prevent those who wish to do us harm here on the fruited plain....what is your plan?
You seem to forget that the Jewish community was very unhappy since quite a few of those NAZI scientists were also war criminals who evaded justice thanks to those operations. So if you're going to use an analogy you need to follow it through. In your own analogy - Zille (and perhaps white South Africans in general) may be America, but black South Africans would be the Jewish holocaust survivors. And there's another flaw in the analogy. Jewish people today are still well under 1% of the US population. Americans could storm-roll their interest in that regard and get away with it because they weren't enough to influence an election. We have the OPPOSITE scenario here. Every voter the DA can possibly gain in future has to come from the black community. It's not like the FF+ will lose voters to the DA. They can't afford to piss them off the way Eisenhower could afford to piss of the American Jews..
perhaps if starring roles were given to aging asians/blacks/hispanics you could get your wish.  but the directors choose the same white guys over and over again.
Targeting races is racist.Right? What are the D's offering the races? What have the D's ever done for the races? Is Euro-Czech a race? Is White a race? Is White even a majority? Maybe Euro-Czech is a minority? Can I start a DBE?
Your definition of a racist is a white man sticking for his own interests. All other groups do the same and nobody is calling them racist. The first lady routinely makes statements that would be outrageous if the colors were reversed.
The stock market is at an all-time high.  The unemployment rate in many parts of the U.S. is at all-time low.  For the first time in decades a U.S. president is making a serious effort to deal with the most clear & present dangers to the U.S.: the DPRK and Islamic terrorism  The DP and the MSM always ignore anything good Trump does.  They coordinate with disloyal persons in the administration, especially at State, to stab Trump in the back as much as possible.  It's rather like a MSM version of "Julius Caesar" currently playing in NYC or K. Griffin holding up Trump's bloody severed head to frighten Trump's little boy, Barron.    These efforts often amount to ugly felonies.  See, e.g., the case of Reality Winner who allegedly violated the Espionage Act to undermine Trump whom she finds to be repulsive because he is a white male.  Winner had Top Security clearance when she tweeted that she would support Iran over the U.S. if there were a war.  The MSM has a single goal:  destroy Trump.
First - in the 1840 -1850 period, the SBC was pro-slavery. The first big moral dilemma was slave owners being in positions of authority. Thus, a "political" issue for the SBC.    While not actually true, there is the myth of ostriches sticking their heads in the sand. Is that sorta what you are advocating? Ignore the bad guys and we won't stir them up - is that it? These people are out there with their white supremacy garbage, their misogyny - so how is keeping silent about them a good thing? A couple of their champions have the president's ear.  If opposing these people and their views is somehow a bad thing from you POV, there is nothing that will convince you to change your mind. You seem to view the world as a simple Perfect Right and Evil Left dichotomy. If opposing white supremacists and others running under the flag of the alt-right makes me a hater, then I guess I am. Does that mean you are O.K. with their positions? Sorta sounds like it.
So that's why Lincoln freed the slaves and a mere 100 years later blacks got civil rights? They were protesting in the wrong venue? Is it blacks' fault that they were the slaves of whites in America and had to ride in the back of the bus and weren't allowed to vote or go to schools with whites?
Correction:  Ka'u High School -  Maroon and White
Yep...they won't stop until the founding documents written by "evil white men" are completely revoked or made meaningless by activist judges.
Yeah, no, I'm pretty sure what's driving the 'contention' is the agenda of the white supremacists in the White House, Trump and Bannon.
It's hardwired into us that we are more comfortable with people who are similar in appearance, thought, and behavior. It's a survival mechanism. The intermingling of races on this planet is a relatively new phenomenon.  I'm 61 years old, and it's only recently that I notice more people of different color and background "permeating" (some would say infesting) areas that were once all one-colored.  I saw that in the US in the early 60's and in Japan in the early 70's. I just returned to Canada after an absence of 6 years, and I was really happy to see that the number of non-whites had dramatically increased. Although my skin is white, I am of pure Arab descent. Although I have a Canadian passport, and I answer "Canadian" when people ask me where I'm from; invariably I get the "but where are you really from?" when they hear my name. You can't legislate against racism and hope it will go away. At it's base is the thinking "different".  It's so pathetic that someone thinks they are better.
Pointing out the obvious isn't race baiting, especially when you try to deflect and rail about white people.
Scalise shouldn't wonder why he provoked an irrational response from someone powerless.  When you spout white supremacist dogma and sponsor hate legislation, deny others their basic civil rights and vote to create agony and death for innocent children you shouldn't think everyone is going to sing kumbaya.  As has been pointed out before, just because a schmuck got shot doesn't mean he's any less of a schmuck.  I hope he recovers fully and learns the lesson of what he fostered in his hateful ideological dogma.
Sorry to question your assertion pard, but... We indeed have non-Muslim terrorists amongst us. Consider: the white Christian who killed all those people in a black church, all the school killers who were young whites (eg. Columbine, Sandy Hook), the white Christians who have bombed abortion clinics and killed abortion providers, the KKK, the redneck whites that took over the Oregon wildlife refuge, the Unibomber, the IRA in Britain and the list goes on and on. If by ignorant public policy we alienate or make enemies of the billions of Muslims in the world, including allied countries around the world, what then? How can law enforcement and our intelligence agencies gain the confidence and help of Muslims in this country and around the world to fight terrorism when Trump and his cronies practice xenophobia? I agree with many who assert that Trump is playing right into the hands of radical Islamist terrorists.
But he got all the white babes while the men were busy out and about burning crosses and riding around in their silly costumes.
Drumpf barely reads the text on his teleprompter. As for his 'ideas' on the Civil War, they're not just uninformed, they're patches of extremism that he's absorbed in beer talk. The idea that the Civil War was 'not necessary' is a Secessionist whine in favor of 'states rights' (against blacks as 'people' with equal rights, and in favor of calling them someone's private property). The whine that the Civil War was 'unfortunate' is Trump repeating what his White Nationalists would say, that killing all those white soldiers, North and South, in a war against slavery, was a 'waste of good people and resources'. There is nothing more un-American than Donald Trump.
Ronster, how on earth could you suggest special privileges for white men.  That is not progressive...
All people's practices have some moral failings.  I'm not a moral relativist.  Just because they are culturally ingrained don't make them right.  For instance, Southern U.S. culture was deeply steeped in slavery. I was all for morally self-righteous white folks from the North not adopting slavery, and was all for the morally self-righteous black churchgoers in the South trying to end it.
Oh the white guilt of snowflakes like Wayne Wilson.
Contrary to the headline, we don't keep looking away. White Canadians really do want to rip the lid off the dirty secrets of what goes on, on the reserves and hold the miscreant chiefs and nepotistic band councils to justice,. But we are told that would be racist. We  are scolded by native isolationist to mind our own business.  Native culture is too sacred for white man to understand. So we watch  kids die and we get blamed for it, despite the fact we are forbidden to intervene.
There is nothing to suggest that the other candidates are not equally meritorious of receiving the appointments. What is alleged is that despite a diversity of qualified individuals, the appointments invariably go to white males due to intrinsic bias. Whether or not that is true is hard to prove, but I find it hard to believe that the only individuals consistently qualified to hold the positions are predominantly male and white. People don't like to believe that there are racial and gender biases in hiring or that individuals  often get jobs not because of their qualifications but because the person doing the hiring identifies more closely with them. The old boys network is still very strongly entrenched in many fields. Academia is notorious for it (as are the tech and finance sectors).  I personally don't like the idea of quotas either, but in cases where there are clear biases against certain groups regardless of ability, they are sometimes necessary to break the cycle.
what if he was a white guy from England, and we said send him back to his country of origin, would that be okay? Is it only racist because of the color of his skin? You people through that racist word around way too much
As a former colonial subject (actually doubly colonial -- Indian origin, grew up in East Africa), I'm intrigued by this restaurant and will gladly visit it the next time I am in town. It's clear to me that Ms. Krantz wishes to celebrate the food and not the politics of colonial power. If one feels the strong need to protest this restaurant, such energy might be better directed towards solving local problems of exploitation and bigotry (African Americans, Muslims...) in our own backyard.  Honestly, I have more of an issue with "Tex-Mex" than I do with "Saffron Colonial." It's a sign of white privilege that hipsters have the leisure time to boycott/protest/sit on their bums and rant about this/"organize" for their small cause.
University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill on Wednesday became the latest school to turn down white nationalist Richard Spencer’s request to speak on campus after his participation in a violent racist free-for-all rally on the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia earlier this month.  This makes UNC at least the sixth school to rebuff Spencer  Good on ya, UNC
This article sounds like it bashing white Christians, Republicans and Conservatives. But, they could be twice as right as liberals. What I see lacking in this article is the definition of "poor". It lacks perspective. The chronic "poor" of today is not the same as is was as written in the Bible. The "poor" today lives better than the kings of yesterday and in many cases it is a choice.
Former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson on Sunday said that Confederate monuments are becoming “symbols and rallying points for white nationalism,” neo-Nazis and the KKK.  “We fought a world war against Nazism. The KKK rained terror on African Americans for generations,” Johnson said. “And so a number of Americans rightly, Republican and Democrat, are very concerned and very alarmed, and I salute those in cities and states who are taking down a lot of these monuments for reasons of public safety and security.”
Don't worry...he will get off....laws only apply to people who aren't white and wealthy.
It's already been well reported by the Toronto media that Harper was apparently the devil and  Trudeau was the shining white knight who would make everything lilly white.  So it reasonable to question why the "white knight" is doing deeds even "the devil" wouldn't have dared.
So according to you, a person can't make a comment about white angst without being accused of racism.  There are an awful lot of great people who are racist from that perspective.
Actually, conspiracies seem to be more a rwnj thing. Btw, there is no alt-left. Alt-right is just a nicer name than white supremacists,
The demand for Victoria housing is not solely driven by non Canadians. It's driven by Canadians & local Victorians. There have been tons of real estate investment seminars held in Victoria WAY BEFORE the current investment rush to Vancouver real estate. This local couple http://www.victoriarealtyteam.ca/theteam.htm personally owns more than 30 homes for investment speculative reasons. Cheri and her partner Rick attends lots of these and promoting them. Ozzie Jurock comes to town often pumping real estate.  There are many private clubs and seminars held in Victoria on real estate investment. When you go to these crowds it is mostly 99% all white faces. These private gathering have anywhere from 30 to 200 people.  Victoria Airport just hit record growth. See: http://www.victoriaairport.com/pdfs/Web%20Passenger%20Traffic%20Summary.pdf The growth in domestic traffic from all over Canada has rocketed. People are moving here.  It's not all the Chinese buying. It is white folks across Canada.
Well, I'm gonna take a tough stance against the overwhelming consensus of "my people" and say that murder, greed, corruption, genocide and environmental degradation are wrong.  Also, who do you mean by "you". Are you referring to white people? I hate to break it to you but these deplorable traits are shared around the world by many races, ethnicities, religions and cultures. Just a few semi-recent examples include: The Rape of Nanking, the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, numerous African warlords, numerous corrupt South American dictators, politicians and druglords, the Bosnian genocide, pretty much the entire middle-east. We can agree that these actions are detrimental. What we don't seem to agree on is that unfortunately they are quite common.
White Man: 1 Mother Nature: 0  Congrats! Apparently Manifest Destiny and Terra Nullis is alive and well.
Ahh, the good old days when old white men were all of Canada. Whatever happened to that, eh?
I think he now qualifies to work for Emperor Trumpo the Magnificent in the White House. Can you start Wednesday?
Ugh.  Of course groups pursue their own interests, violence lives in the hearts of all people.  What you are missing (not sure how that's possible) is that the neo-Nazis and white supremacist organizations that organized this protest explicitly state they desire a white ethnostate.  To achieve this, they embrace an ideology of mass murder and terrorism.  It is not hypocritical to condemn an ideology that slaughtered millions, that our country's soldiers fought and died to eradicate.  It is moral clarity.
Its crystal clear to me.  Perhaps your racial hatred is clouding your ability to understand.   Perhaps if you clarified your statements of "traitor to his race' ' deny rights to all except white people" I may be able to tailor my comments to something you might understand.
"With young Latinos claiming a majority of Catholics under the age of 18, bringing them into the fold of the church and allowing them a platform is imperative with regard to the future of the church."   The future of the Catholic Church in this country is Latino.  Either we embrace this reality or we run in fear.  I for one welcome it.  For most of the history of the Catholic Church in this country, Catholic were regarded with suspicion at best and outright hatred at worst.  Latino Catholics are going through that right now from the white majority.  When they become the majority, hopefully, they will be less fearful and unwelcoming than the Catholics descended from European ancestors.
Straw man much?   I never said it can "compel" anyone to stand for the national anthem, so why pretend like I did? That's just disingenuous.  If you think it's so bad for people to stand and show respect for the national anthem (as you apparently do since you're equating the tradition/protocol to slavery/Jim Crow/etc), you're welcome to try and change that protocol. Good luck though. You see the reaction to the ones disrespecting that protocol now, and even most of them don't think the protocol is actually wrong.  They're just showing disrespect because they know it gets extra attention.  And they foolishly think any attention is good.  Contrary to your suggestion, it's not only "white male Christians" that have pride in the country, the flag, the national anthem, and what it all stands for.
Many conservative white Christians have problems with people that think all lives matter, like the Mennonites. Of course, the haters can't tell the difference between Mennonites and Muslims. The Christian Trump voters are quite proud in their ignorance. They refuse to take the advice Jesus gave them. Heck, they think Jesus was blonde and had blue eyes. Just look at his pictures in their churches. They can't handle the truth. They will resort to 2nd Amendment solutions if you try to force the truth on them.
Don't worry Charlie Bussell, there are plenty of anti-Hillary Clinton articles in the Anchorage Daily News for angry white guys like you.  Don't get greedy!
“I’ve never had better barbecue and better chicken and ate better in my life than when you go down South and you, I mean, I love it. Everybody loves it.” Yes they do, and the white folks eat it like crazy and get fat too.  Paula Deen says, "I can cook anything butter than you."
The opiate epidemic has caused far more harm and this president* has done nothing about that.   Also, the white supremacist poses far more danger to people here than ISIL/ISIS does. It's weird just how much of a fixation the right has with things like ISIS and doing a rational calculation that would rank dangers.    It must be that enlarged amygdala combined with consuming too much fake news.
All I know of this case, is from the article and comments that I just read. But, it seems that this is now being played in the court of public opinion. I truly wish the best for these children. All I can say is what is on my heart. Over a half a century ago, before ICWA. I was a abandoned white/Indian kid, who was left on the steps of a Catholic orphanage. After being fostered out for show and tell, many times. A lady who volunteered her time at the orphanage. Took interest in a scrappy kid with coal black hair, and dark brown eyes. I am the man I am today, because out of the goodness/love in their hearts. As they went through the long and expensive ordeal of actually adopting me, and my little brother. Many people will "foster" children out of the goodness of their hearts, while others do it for the monthly income.  As for ICWA,I have seen both good and bad. Being born a mixed breed. I DESPISE this culture, of Indian rule vs White rule. As we are all one family in God's eyes!
I did not talk about what you believed, but what you wrote.  If whites in this country suffered historic and systematic discrimination, then parades celebrating whiteness might be appropriate.  That is not the case, since it is white people who discriminate against those who are not white.  It's true that many have come together to create a whole, but the original 13 states were considered independent states before they came together to form one nation.  States still have rights.  Not recognizing the rights of individuals or groups that form our country, to me, makes little sense.  But, then, I really don't know about which "identity politics" you are talking.   You have a right to your view, but I believe that the Catholic Church is completely wrong in its position re gay people.  I think it's a misuse of Scripture to use it against gays.
Cracker denotes white person. Just like those other words you are thinking of denote people of other skin color. So there is a hierarchy of racial slurs, that for white folk being the least offensive. I'm so lost in peoples' moral reasoning these days. We both agree that racism is wrong, but you're telling me that directed towards whites is less wrong than the other way around.
Keep in mind that this rally represented only the very tiny minority of those on the American Right who actually ADMIT being white supremacists.
Get over it Clinton Cheerleaders.  Hillary Clinton and husband  Bill are never going to be President and a Shadow President.  On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama will resume his community organizing as a race hustler to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them in the Democrat Party a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit internationally getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,  Oh by the way, the Democrat norms have created a $20 trillion dollar national debt, an $800 billion dollar trade imbalance, less that a 2% economic growth over the last years, 46 million Americans on welfare, 93 million out of the workforce,  a real unemployment of 10%+ not the 6% reported by the GAO, and the disaster called Obamacare.
The Southern Poverty Law Center is a disgraceful, racist entity.  I can't believe you would even cite them in a post if you expect to be taken seriously. They use their reputation as the authority on white supremacist groups as a front to assail legitimate conservative policy organizations by seamlessly lumping them in with white supremacists and labeling them as hate groups.  They list people like David Horowitz and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach in the same “hate reports” as white supremacists serving prison time for murder.  At this point in time, if you have a differet political opinion than the leftist extremists at the SLPC you're likely to be branded by them as some sort of racist.  Furthermore, the number of incidents cited by the SPLC are very often the same race-bating hoaxes perpetrated by leftists slandering white people for the egregious modern-day crime of "being white." Trump will not be engaging in the identity politics which infected the Obama administration.
Elisabeth, I think you're a bit over the top with this article. I usually enjoy your columns which I tend to agree with most times. However, I get a feeling that this hate-on for white men has been simmering for quite some time.  Look, the vast majority of Canadians (white, black, brown, red, or whatever colour, male, female or somewhere in between are disgusted with what these 5 men did last week in Nova Scotia. Yes they are white male very right wing-nuts that unfortunately make up a small portion of our society.   But, statements like "The pants, like gauntlets in centuries before, are dropped" and "They just want two hours of peace. Which, as many women know, is practically impossible." are really off the wall. I don't which women you speak of, but they sure aren't in my circle of friends.  I hope you feel better now and return to writing some great articles about important stuff while Canadian society continues on the correct path towards complete equality for all it's citizens.
it's all news to blindfold the people from seeing the truth being the white propaganda.
This article demonstrates the hypocrisy in our systems.  School boards are the governing bodies of our public education systems.  The superintendent reports to the school board.  Thus, Paul Anthony is Carole Smith's boss.  Mr. Anthony shares accountability/responsibility for any civil rights issues. The irony is this official is also reporting himself. Whether I agree or disagree with Superintendent Smith's leadership, she answers to the board.  The current board has moved to spend more money on TAG programs serving predominately white students, and cut funding for programs serving African American males and addressing disproportionate discipline.  They also moved to reduce spending of cultural competency training for educators. Further, they allow a few white parents to derail and bog down the system with unsubstantiated investigations and audits of predominately leaders of color. This article and comments truly demonstrate the underlying issues of racism in this community.
Jeff, thanks for your letter. It is sad to see the White reactionary racists rush to deny history and defend Trump.
Problems aren't solved by ignoring them either. Ignoring the increase in overt hatred directed at minorities in this country does nothing to solve the problems of racism, bigotry,  and white nativisme.  The group in Portland is real, they bigots pretending to be christians.  The good news is that there don't seem to be many of them in this self-designated group of "Bible Believers". However, they should be clearly told that the majority of Americans do not support their hate, that they are not christian.   The week after they showed up to yell obscenities at this church, a group of about 200 anglos showed up outside the church to form a human barrier between the hate group and the parishoners coming to mass. THAT is what you should think about supporting IF you are a christian, as you claim to be.  http://www.wweek.com/news/2017/01/30/youre-going-to-hell-belligerent-men-screamed-at-portland-parishioners-outside-of-a-spanish-mass/
"Crews removed Baltimore’s Confederate statues early Wednesday, days after the deadly unrest in Charlottesville instigated by white nationalists rallying to defend a Confederate monument." - This opening is statement highly inflammatory and false...it's white supremacist. There's a difference between supremacist and nationalist. I can be a nationalist and not be racist. The label of "White Nationalist" is an attempt to combine "White Supremacists" and the "Nationalist" movement credited to Donald Trump. Very biased and shows how the DP swings to the left.
Q1: Is the university now discriminating against male applicants? ("The student body was also about 2,300 more female students than male.")  Q2: If we want to eliminate racial privilege, then why do we still mindlessly refer to European-Americans as "white" - a colonial term that has embodied the idea of racial superiority, purity and privilege for 300 years?   Q3: If the field most rooted in rational objective truth (Mathematics) cannot escape bias in evaluating faculty, what hope is there for other academic disciplines?
Pssssst.  There's white people living in Africa, pass it on!
Bad reporting from the G&M. The Council of European Canadians didn't endorse Leitch. It was an opinion piece by a contributor, in the same way that the G&M doesn't necessarily endorse what its opinion columnists write, but the intent is to provide a wide range of perspectives. And it's not a "White nationalist" group when it calls for promoting and enhancing the European character of Canada when the Multiculturalism Act of 1988 recognizes the right of every group in Canada to promote their cultural character -- not just minority groups, and when their Beliefs and Goals recognize the historical claims of other groups to this country, such as aboriginals, in calling for Canada to not be exclusively European Canadian, even when it was 96% so as recently as 1971.
"fear based discrimination"  Evidence based and don't know what you mean by discrimination - the potential terrorist might be a man or woman of any race.  A white man can travel overseas, train or radicalize and return.  With that knowledge it would be negligent to not restrict travel to those places.  Should be more countries included (like Saudi Arabia).
This malodor taking place in the media is truly unfortunate.  Do we ban movies such as Gone With The Wind, How the West Was Won?  Do we purge our history books of the first several hundred years of our existence?  Do we white-out the passages in the Constitution talking about slavery?  Although the Civil War manumitted blacks in America, a new form of economic and code slavery kept blacks in the U.S. suppressed for another hundred years.  Do we treat the period between 1865 - 1965 the same as some of the reactionaries are doing right now?
Jesus did heal on the Sabbath and engaged any number of other actions deemed sinful by the official hierarchy of his time.  He was not an all or nothing,  black and white Jewish believer.  One could say He had the capacity to be a relativist.
Better yet use the term "alt-right" in quotation marks followed by (neo-Nazis; white supremacists; KKK) in parentheses for those who were unsure of the meaning.
White Media is using their Fake Propaganda To hide thier sins.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders ought to push for a similar probe.     Mayor John Tory would certainly support the Chief's leadership in forming a special task force to address this virulent problem in the city.  Certain white supremacist groups (both white and black racists) are ramping up hate crimes especially towards Muslims, setting them up for allegations of jihadist radicalization and violent activities.  It has nothing to do with Trump's presidency, which is being used by them as a convenient cover for their own racist activism that have been gaining momentum.
Translation: "real America" = "white evangelical Christian America".  Start mentioning some basic mainstream Catholic social teachings, and you will find out that Catholics need not apply . . .
" to neutralize and give voice to those OHA constituents who were not all "in" with federal recognition", says Noelani. That would be the "one droppers" who want a piece of the pie, and can see that Federal Recognition would never OK that.  How can someone with 1/512th blood quantum call themselves Polynesian. Michelle Obama found out that she was 1/64th white, and she's not calling herself Caucasian.
GFNC55: Now that you and Tucker put a light on it, what should be the definition of "tolerance"? Should we allow LGBT their own lives and privacy or cite the bible to condemn their lifestyle? Should we tolerate condemning all Muslims for the crimes of a few? Should we tolerate constitutional dimwits occupying the Malhuer National Wildlife Refuge? Should we tolerate white nationalist hatred? How about Dakota Sioux protest over an oil pipeline?  Its messy. Tolerance is too vague and broad a word. Its a shortcut to claiming what's right and wrong. And who can claim authority over that?
This turn of events with the loss of Trump support for many Republican comgressman means if Mueller's finds that Trump interferred in the ongoing FBI investigation of the Trump campaign with Russia, impeachment proceedings can proceed with all Democrats and many Republicans voting to proceed with the impeachment of Trump.  Trump's public support of the KKK and white supremacists can then be tacked on as an additional reason for impeachment and for justification for Republican senators to side with Democrats to vote in favor or impeachment.   The sooner Mueller can present a compelling case against Trump the sooner the process of impeachment can begin.  Vice president Pence can take over for Trump for the remaining of Trump's term until 2020.  Of course States where Trump maintains steong support will be risk to some congressman who vote for Trump's impeachment such as States where coal is their livelihood or where there are many pockets of deep seeded racist values but ....
The indigenous people always want things their way, regardless of the requirements or interests of the current majority of Canadians.   They are building of course on the relatively recent victimhood image momentum they have gained and are continuously massaging in the media, especially the CBC, as well as the federal inquiries set up to investigate recent missing and indigenous women and social actions taken in the 19th and 20th centuries, by governments of that period, to educate and equip their children to live and work in the world of that time.    Tragically, we seem to be no further ahead today with a large proportion of the indigenous people, who seem to want to continue to live and hunt as they did a few hundred years ago, ignoring and blocking the white man's ways and continually claiming rights to land across our country in every direction.    At some point, the government of the day has to face these people down to reality.
You can't name a single part, so it must "all be fake." Got it. . Oh "Frank," please- leave that post up- along with your links to white supremacists- as long as possible; we need to all see the mentality we're still up against.
Steve:  I salute your core beliefs in equality and in "standing up" to hate.  However, I DO NOT share the belief that violence either must or should be a part of opposing such hate.  I'm 75 years old and actively participated in supporting the Civil Rights Movement and the opposition to the War in Vietnam.  If those movements had been premised on widespread violence, two things would have happened: a) they would NOT have been successful and b) they would have, quite literally, torn our country apart.    IMO, the reactions to the revival and grown of white supremacy/white nationalist movements has the same potential.  If those of us who oppose racism or any other injustices  react with violence, it will only beget more violence.  It will, IMO, drag us to the same level and those who celebrate and promote injustice.  There is a MORAL HIGHGROUND and those who oppose racism and injustice hold it. To either or both meet violence or pursue violence is, IMO, to cede that highground. Gary Crum
Perception management. With just a soucon of manageable anti-white racism. All's well then.
Stop deflecting to the past.  You and everybody else with eyes know who now coddles and makes concessions to the KKK, neo-nazis and white supremacists.  Not every republican is a white supremacist, but every white supremacist is a republican!
You have a curious definition of hate speech. Fact: the power structure in the U.S., whether political or economic, was white in the period leading up to the internment of Japanese Americans. Fact: WASHINGTON, Sept. 17— The House today approved a formal national apology and restitution of $1.2 billion to more than 66,000 surviving Japanese-Americans who were forced from their homes and jobs in 1942 and held under armed guard in detention centers for three and a half years. http://www.nytimes.com/1987/09/18/us/house-votes-payments-to-japanese-war-internees.html To refer to historical facts as hate speech is Orwellian newspeak.
Sorry Charley but your one trick is past its sell by date. As you say racism is proven by our electing President Trump, just what did electing Obama prove?? As being White is more important to us as you say than being human what does that say for White folks  that voted for Obama. What does that make me, Sub-human???
And to categorize every single last person who attended residential schools as abused doesn't wash either. If so, why aren't all being considered for compensation? Both indian and whites alike? Why not have a balanced accounting instead of shouting down others a racist? Lets hear the whole story. The dirty laundry as well as  positive results. Let's not accept anything less in order to move forward. What are people afraid of?
If you carried a torch with those Nazis, if you marched alongside them as they chanted "Jews will not replace us" and "blood and soil" you are not a "very fine person", you are, at best, a Nazi sympathizer. At worst, you are a Nazi. If you stood and chanted with men and women who wore hoods emblazoned with confederate flags you are a KKK sympathizer. If you stand up for these people's good intentions and walk in solidarity with their "defense of cultural heritage" you are at least a fellow traveler in white supremacy, more likely a white supremacist yourself. Nobody marching with that crowd is a decent person, nobody. And they all had a hand on the steering wheel, as did Trump and his entire group of supporters, every one.
White nationalism and supremacy are the same thing in every definition I can find and in my own opinion based on what  I have  seen and read. This hair splitting is some lame attempt to make the evil seem a few % points less evil. Wont work.
The funny thing is, mainstream media censorship efforts are so obvious that they backfire almost instantly.  When the story broke the usual news pattern followed:  "The suspect has been identified as.. a person." "Motive unknown." "Police are discouraging speculation." "Comments section closed."  I wonder what it could be.   Of course, if the attack had been on video it would have swamped social media and then the news would have no choice but to enlist the usual army of left wing activists and politicians to write more comments-closed articles managing the public reaction with angry finger-pointing racism accusations toward anyone whose opinion falls out of line.   Compare this to any instance of a terrorist attack committed by a white male, e.x. in Charlottesville. His name and face, beliefs, and motivations, are given non-stop global saturation coverage and analysis.   It is sickening, the level of social engineering and thought control in which news organizations are now engaged.
I read an observation of the event from a member of the clergy this morning. The clergy turned up in force to counter this hate fest, and here's an excerpt from a theologian who was actually there, rather than from you, who is just parroting what you hear on fox: "Along with Congregate C’ville, there were other groups protesting the message of white supremacy and Naziism. I was deeply impressed with the Black Lives Matter participants. They went into the middle of the fray and stood strong and resilient against vicious attacks, insults, spitting, pepper spray, tear gas, and hurled objects. It’s deeply disgusting to see BLM be vilified on Fox News and other conservative outlets after watching them comport themselves with courage in the face of vile hatred this weekend."  Again, this person was there. So as for your comment? BS.
Maybe one post by a newcomer  was about race, which I disliked. Not everyone that has a different opinion from you is a white supremacist, anti-Semitic, neo-Nazi bigot. Disagreement about immigration or whether the poor are to be assisted by private versus public means are legitimate issues Catholics can disagree on.
Most if not all attacks are from white America. And if America was not grubbing around in the world on behalf of the corporate New World Order, there would be no terrorist attacks or refugees
I agree with Mr. Daniels, the labeling of 'ours' and 'theirs' is only increasing the divide between us.  The story on the scrawled comment about 'white girls and hoops' was a bit odd, I thought, and surely should not become a cause celebre.  I can only assume the writer was young and inexperienced, or otherwise lacking in original thought.  How long have curly-haired women been straightening their hair (puzzling to me, since I personally envy those with curly hair, but to each her own.) and wearing any style clothing they please?  It is America, after all. HTG, with so many more important matters at hand, do we now have to pay attention to whether we wear 'racially appropriate' jewelry?
The old Democrat party found new life in the new Republican Party. Amazing, isn't it, Paul, how no law prevents folks from switching political affiliation? So when the Democrats started granting civil rights to blacks, there was a mass exodus of white racists from the Democrat party who then joined the Republican Party. Nice try, though.
Most liberals are white hon.
"And Trump disavow white supremacist and the Neo Nazi, THREE TIMES" 1) Not while running for office.  2) Yeah....days after the fact with regards to Charlottesville....and, of course, he walked his statement back days after that.  "I saw the Charlie Hebdo cartoon depicting Neo Nazi's drowning in Texas, and it make me think that this is what the world thinks of America, thanks to the left and the media."--France has their own media that covers the US.  Our media has nothing to do with what Charlie Hebdo thinks.  Besides....do you actually consider them a major news outlet?  "If that the case, how sad, especially for those in the media that have that vision, I can also include teachers, and the Democrat party as well."--Of course you can.  However, what you don't know is that in the schools in which I have worked, more of my coworkers have been Republicans..some of who have spread their own false conservative viewpoints...but you go right on ahead with not having any idea.  TBC....
Hmmm.  Let's look at the statistics of Mr. Kristof's employment survey.  If the employer call-backs were absolutely color-blind and purely random, any African-American applicant could expect that their odds of contact would match their *proportion in the general population*.  At this point in time (according to Wikipedia), African-Americans comprise some 12.6% of the total U.S. population, very close to one person in eight (1:8).  Conversely, it follows that white applicants would comprise most of the *other* 7 out of 8 callbacks, proportionately speaking.  Now, Mr. Kristof reports that African-American applicants instead receive one-half the callbacks that white peeps do, that is, a ratio close to 7 out of 16 (about 44%).     Huh.  That 44% callback rate, relative to whites, is nearly 3.5x what we would statistically expect from a random, color-blind process.  So why is the African-American applicant portrayed as a "victim" here???
Old way, let's see stealing black land thru legal chicanery/terrorism (claim taxes owed, with no way to prove otherwise to a white supremacy system turned black farmers into sharecroppers; predatory lending, redlining. Let's ignore the long institutional history of affirmative action/racial preferences for whites.  Indian Removal Act forcibly relocated Cherokee, etc to make room for white settlers.  Homestead Act 270M acres of Indian land converted to private overwhelmingly white hands.  Naturalization Act by which only whites could become naturalized citizens, effectively shutting out others– no vote, hold office or property. Alien Land Laws reserved farm land for white growers by preventing Asian immigrants from becoming citizens. Post emancipation $300 per slave to owners for ‘lost property’; slaves got nothing, certainly no 40 acres and a mule. Jim Crow laws which ensured best jobs, neighborhoods, schools and hospitals for whites only- yeah those were the times murica was great.
DC, Excellent Post, White Lives Matter Too...................
Canada is a tragedy unfolding.  It appears that, like the USA which is now fully in the saddle in the Great White North, Canada is a one party rotating dictatorship.  The alacrity with which the otherwise mentally challenged Justin Sinclair-Jagger name-dropped the phrase "The Five Eyes..." (omitting '+Israel), during a debate, sent chills down my spine.  He is seemingly proud of presiding over the death of Canadian sovereignty, and therefore, of Canada.
I do not remember seeing any of the protesters and counter-protesters wearing masks in Charlottesville.  If you can identify a source, please make it public.  If you happened to view the Vice News story, you would see the anger and hate that was spewing out of the white supremacists on Friday night as they marched to the church where people were praying.
Typical Christian post, only use the laws that allow you to fit a narrow world view. Only the laws you all need to prove your world views are the only ones in the book you use.  In your first post you discount gender id then go on to lecture about how I am talking about Mosaic laws ect. Well those same laws are the ones being used to discriminate. You expect us to follow ancient BS when you reject modern science?  Sorry if your "morals" that you learned out of a book written 3000 years ago by goat herders are not up to snuff with the modern day.  You apply your morals through the eyes of your god. I apply my moral lens tempered by society to all things. I do not have a black and white relationship with the world and you would do well to drop yours. The world is changing and you can either be on board, or you can dive back into a 3000 year old book to try and find answers to current problems.   Jesus said to love everyone. Why is that so hard?
Wow..is your view of history skewed.  The nazis were so left wing, they even borrowed ideas from the early 20th century progressives!  The left has ALWAYS wanted a White utopian society with themselves in charge. And the Republican Party wasn't anti-slavery, it wanted to maintain the status quo...those states that were slave states were to remain so.  Even the ones in the North!  You probably think Lincoln's war was to free the slaves, and that the emancipation proclamation actually DID so.  LOL.  I'm sorry, but WHERE are the majority of poor blacks located?  What's that you say?  In liberal left wing controlled ghettos?  That's right.  And who is it that's victimizing those black and white poor people to maintain their voting blocs?  Yep, the liberals in charge.  And even lbj, when signing the the Republican & Kennedy's civil rights law, said, laughingly, "this will have those n#$$%&s voting democrat for 200 years!"  You need to own your history.
Completely civil and peaceful you say?  Wow, if that isn't a steaming pile!  You must not be in Charlottesville or have access to TV.    I watched much of the demonstrations and commentary on TV the last three nights, and I have a much different take.  While the last two nights were peaceful, the first definitely was not. Broken store windows, looting, starting fires, attacking motorists in their cars, blocking an interstate, and the most sickening to me, 5-6 young black dudes beating and stomping a young white guy in a parking garage.  Maybe the 40+ arrests the first night removed the worst offenders and that helped calm things.
4:20 Ha! You say "old white guy" is extreme intolerant bigotry, do you? Which is the slur, please: old, white, or guy?   By the way, I'm also an old white guy and I consider that phrase ...   1.) a description;   2.) a reference to the fact that old white guys, my demographic in fact, clearly and obviously have a huge disproportionate majority in politics and business, both.   I'm one old white guy who hopes for more women and ethnic minorities in power, over time, since more diversity is good for all of us.
It's simple! We have more Whites in prison more than any other race. Due to the fact that Oregon is know as a white state. Depending on what part of Salem it was, would play a big factor on the race of the suspect. Say if it was north Salem the chances are pretty high that the suspect would be Latino. Also do the fact it was probably gang related knowing that Salem has a few Latino gangs. And the surrounding towns have gangs as well.
The confederacy was about slavery.  The secessionists acted upon the election of Lincoln because they viewed him as an abolitionist.  They said so.  Many articles of secession specifically reference either slavery or maintaining the supremacy of the white race.  All the justifications that are applied now are revisionist history.  The civil war was fought to protect the rights of people to own other people.  And in the end, even Lee's troops recognized they were merely fighting to protect the wealthy plantation owners.  As they said: "It's a rich man's war, but a poor man's fight." Oh, and I live in one of those states that seceded, although most of the activities of the Confederate army in my part of the state consisted of terrorizing the many people who opposed secession and slavery and did not want to fight for the wrong-headed ideals of the CSA.
No one says that more blacks should be stopped for routine traffic offenses than whites, but it undeniably happens. What should happen and what does happen are not always the same thing.  Besides, I never said anything about pulling anybody over. I did say something about targeting gatherings of Hispanic persons, and that is exactly the way this is likely to shake out.  Finally, kindly refrain from lumping me in with "the left." I'm an individual, not an ideology. I don't lump you or any other poster in with any particular group and I expect the same courtesy.
The President  correctly pointed out that the confrontation was between thugs from both sides of  contemporary ideological extremism. The Globe would prefer that conservatives self-identify with the  ' white nationalists' splinter group  so they can  tar us all as racists and bigots.  Liberals and Globe social justice  etiquette enforcers   pretend that violent agitators like Black Lives Matter are merely defending themselves rather than causing the problem in the first place.
Russia hacked the Democratic party.  White people are racists.  Iraq had WMDs.  Pizzagate is fake.  The White Helmets are a real group of good guys.  Trump called Mexicans rapists.  You can elect the Conservative party without getting its leader for PM.  All these fantasies and more brought to you by the Lying Globe.
kanaka, the koch bros alone spent three hundred million last election cycle to do just that. white, christian male dominance.
I don't follow  Do you really think the families care if he killed them because of Islam or because of some other political belief?  Their dead either way!  Why would it be easier to accept if say Islam instead of say hatred of white people or something else?    I don't follow at all.
Swift's acceptance speech about defying the odds and oppression that all white blonde female MOR artists face in the music industry was truly inspiring. Entitled Hip-Hop artists take note!
I was just there and the population is quite varying in skin tone.  I actually never saw anyone truly "white" , but a pretty good mix of lighter and darker skintoned individuals.
mahalo Rui for your article. The question, "should Hawai'i be a sanctuary nation state ?" is of course rhetorical.  Hawai'i has ALWAYS been a sanctuary for humanity from the first time, thousands of years ago, that our Polynesian kupuna set foot in Hawai'i to establish the nation of Hawai'i until today.  There has in fact been only one time in our recent history that Hawai'i has rejected the presence in our islands of anyone. That was when the US military invaded our kingdom to support a small group of 30 or so white supremacist rebel traitors to depose our beloved queen and take control of our government under threat of force, an illegal coup d'etat.  124 years later the US government and its military still unlawfully occupy our kingdom. Thankfully though we are making great strides, in the arena of international diplomacy, to finally and unconditionally bring an end to the unlawful US occupation of Hawai'i so that we can once more welcome all to the Kingdom of Hawai'i with aloha.
Whatever anxiety over loss of political and economic power bedrock white working class Americans may be feeling these days, those other "demographics" are feeling more, and always have been. In my opinion we as a nation (and that includes ALL "demographics, whether those "demographics" wear trousers or a skirt) have been ignoring working people for decades. The deck is stacked against the workers and for the owners, and we all, not just whites, need a new deal of the cards. The sooner that all working people, regardless of race, religion, sex, or culture recognize that we are all in this together equally, and that the notion that White males can win only if everyone else loses, must be cast aside, the sooner we can unite and Make America Great Again. We can't do that by dividing brother against brother, sister against sister, or any combination of the two. Donald Trump ran his campaign on citizen vs citizen. That's no way to make America, the Great Melting Pot, greater still.
we all know the Rockettes were quite late to the civil rights party....white girls only until the 1980's.  \FYI: calling females 'ladies' is a micro aggression.
The real question is whether government is simply so incompetent that they cannot develop a feasible charter that can advance transformation without hurting the industry, or whether this is actually part of their plan, so that when the mining companies take the charter to court and win, government (or those in the pay of the Guptas, at least) can point out how once again 'white monopoly capital' is stifling their attempts at 'radical economic transformation'.  I honestly don't know which option is worse.
How do you celebrate Canada Day without being patriotic? With a yellow rubber ducky. To actually say "Canada", wave a flag, or feel patriotism is just white supremacist, racist and red neck. It would offend First Nations, LGBT, BLM, feminists and immigrants. For Liberals, Canada has done nothing adequate to atone for its centuries of sins. So lets all cheer the rubber ducky.
Breaking the law knows no skin colour.  If you do the crime you do the time.  Doesn't matter if you are white, black or other.  Not punishing this woman fairly and equally is racist.
Fact 1. Lilioukalani abdicated the throne and swore a alligence to the Republic of Hawaii. Therefore the Kingdom ceased to exist. Fact 2. There is no governing body. Therefore cannot govern. Fact 3. In 1893 the United States Government stayed neutral as evidence that the seating President, and the next President turned away from treaty offers from the New Republic.  Fact 4. All revolutions usurp the authority of the previous government. Always have. Fact 5. That would be correct. Fact 6. That would be called an act of treason against the United States. But, you are willing to try. According to you all you would need is "13 white" guys to succeed.
Yeah, here's an "inequity" sample... With an average I.Q. of  85, only 16 % of Blacks score over 100, while half the White population does. The Negro overlap of White median I.Q.’s ranges from 10 to 25 percent—equality would require 50 percent.
This advice leads to isolationism-the forerunner of what led to the Great Depression and ultimately World War II. It is also advice for white men of wealth such as yourself who do not depend on the daily survival of a society that is compassionate and sees all of us as "us." We must all stay vigilant, aware and active. More so than ever. Your ability to medicalize contemporary politics as the doldrums requiring an "rx" fix-taking long walks and planting seeds is insulting to many people who work with their hands and are fighting for a working wage to pull their families out of dire poverty, of black lesbians who depend on their healthcare to start and maintain their families, and to immigrants whose children were born in the US but they themselves may or may not get deported tomorrow. Your call for retraction is an irresponsible one. It is an old American tradition to retreat to Walden's Pond instead of relying on civil disobedience to secure the rights of us.
"Oh but they were all too willing to shove Woodford's murder in a cold case file."  An astute observation by 99 under a Buck.  Reason is  because  our courts and cops rate Native lives at less value than they do white lives. Can I prove this was the cause in this case? No. But how many such incidents does one have to see before one is capable of noticing there's a "trend"? How many times when a white "witness" later found to be "suspect's" word is taken at face value by the cops because he or she is the "right" color?  And that's without considering outright corruption. Anybody remember that young, pregnant National Guard soldier who turned up DEAD the day after she appealed to the Elmendorff base chaplain to help her because she'd witnessed high-ranking illegal activity? You know, the one whose autopsy was NEVER completed?  That outrage involved big-shots in BOTH the APD and the ANG.  When it steps like a goose, and honks like a goose, it's a big, fat honking goose-stepper.
Trump said exactly this, "But not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch.”  The issue you raise is whether what Trump calls "those people" who he clearly supports and claims were not neo-Nazis, were what the Globe calls "people like Mr. Cantwell".   There's lots of evidence that they were all pretty much like Mr. Cantwell.  If they weren't then what were they doing marching in formation with a group chanting "Jews will not replace us".  Not my idea of good people, Mr. Trump's maybe.
The white vote in 2016 was more evenly split than was the African-American, Asian-American or Latino vote.
Someone below asked why is there this push to get rid of the Confederacy statues/symbols now and why this did not start under Obama. In fact, it did. This person has forgotten that the current push to get rid of Confederate symbols was a direct response to the Charleston mass murder in (I think) 2015 that resulted in 9 people being murdered by a white supremacist in a Church. After that, many people began demanding that these symbols come down and many cities/states began to comply. The particular statue in Charlottesville was coming down because of a petition, but the killings in South Carolina changed the nature of this discussion in the US. Let's face it - the US celebrating the Confederacy is like Germans celebrating Nazism. It's amazing these things are still there.
This and other writers make things so complicated. Let me make things real and simple.  For much of the last few centuries European empires led by the British and French empires, and in the 20th century by the American empire, ran and plundered the world. Things were most splendid. The wars sweet, the wealth sweeter. Today the British and French empires are finished, the American on the way out. This exposes a couple of unpleasant things - money is tight, unemployment high, infrastructure in poor shape. But most of all, a cultural mess due to mixing of the elites who used to run the empires and their import of people from all over their conquest.   France and UK both have high immigrants from former colonies - North Africa, India, Middle East, etc. The U.S. have a huge population of former black slaves, leftover Mexicans, descendent's of Chinese cheap labor who built the railroad. The white Christian elites, the rulers are now finally facing blowbacks from their empires on all fronts.
hey Tabatha , what are you writing about this week...white guys, ..hey me too...really, what issue Liz...general white guys have it all won't give me any, created slavery ...me too...what about diversity...me too..I've thrown some of that in mine...me too...really, yeah...wow...yeah..resist...what...resist what...you said resist...resist white guys...no, that's not what I meant mine does the dishes and plays with the kids when he's not writing about white guys.....but he's white...I know, but he's one of the good ones...his family never owned any slaves...didn't most white families never own slaves..I think so, but you know they wanted to...his never did, they all worked as conductors on the  underground railroad....are you going to the protest tomorrow...you betcha...after Pilates...what's it about...white guys and corporate power...hate that...me too...why...I want some...me too...lean in...absolutely...well see you there.....
Black Lives Matter?  Lives matter.  The person that died here is white.   And you are stating generalities that reflect your own live and thinking, not the that of the constituents of Black Lives Matter  Another way of saying it, you do lack the omniscience of God.
So to be clear, the journalist is angry that Athletes are not protesting to support his political agenda. Not that the protests would solve anything.    Also, he is angry that Canadian or American customs officials as questions (full transparency i am white and get ask questions when i past customs too).  Weak article.
I think you make an important point.  It would be a mistake to portray the random connections of Catholicism to individual African Americans as some sign that Catholicism played an important role in overcoming slavery and racism.  It played far less a role that many Protestant faiths.    While I appreciate knowing of artists I haven't heard of before and seeing what I can of their work, learning of their lives, I hope this is not an attempt to connect institutional Catholicism to the achievements of people who overcame obstacles an old white Catholic women like me can barely imagine.  Why is it necessary to find Catholic connections to the new Smithsonian African-American culture and history museum?  The achievements are those of African-Americans regardless of, and sometimes in spite of, their faith.    What matters now is that the Church that stood too quietly while slavery and racism devastated millions does not stand silently now while racism continues.  Where are the bishops now?
Question is, why should the pipeline be rerouted when there are couple of pipelines already in this corridor. What make this pipeline a threat to the water and not the others? Wounded Knee....boy is this story getting old. It was an one sided battle but a battle never the less. And the Indians fired the first shot. Bunch of whites died in the battle but most of the body counts belonged to the Indians. Calling Wounded Knee a massacre is dumb as calling Custer's Last Stand, a massacre. I wondered how many Indian tribes lost their land to the Sioux?? Is it no small wonder that US Army never lack for quality Indian Scouts? Treaty of Laramie is a dead. US government will not displace al these white people living in these lands and turn them into refugees. Nor allow Indians lordship over them. They should have taken the money and better themselves.  And the white sycophants far outnumbered their Indian friends at these camps. Gee, this article is some sort of dramedy.
I think a better word is "tribal", because it's more closely related to your clan or tribe than skin colour or other aspects of "race".  Ever read what the Comanches did to any other native tribe members (same "race" or not) they caught?  Ever read about the African slave trade that existed in the continent among the (same race) tribes prior to white contact?  Etc.  Pretty much every family I've met has been uni-racial, pretty much everybody marries within their "race", so I take that to show we're all tribal. I'm not sure why we try to run away from our tribal preferences - except at university they now teach 24/7 that white patriarchal racism is the primary evil of our time and those folks who go along with what they're taught adhere to that view, I guess.
The simple fact that many POC feel that they can not discuss their racial plights and identities with their white counterparts supports this article and is indicative of the reality that we are not living in a racial utopia as many commenters seem to be trying to infer When trying to have discussions pertaining to race/issues in a political, social and economic capacity, the discourse leaves me and many POC I know exhausted and frustrated. Dejected and unheard/misunderstood. The very fact that we can't acknowledge there are issues with respect to IR relationships to me suggests that it is a one sided argument and obviously only our white counterparts have the privilege of being "colour blind" and claiming acceptance when really its tolerance because poc are still unable to reach them in a discussion if IR couples are even having them Its frustrating that people don't understand the point that she is trying to make. I understand and can personally identify with the plights of IR Couples
Yup, these guys - and they're almost all rich old white guys - are soooo concerned about the working class. What a farce. Wonder when it will start dawning on some of the smarter Trumpeters that they've been royally hosed?
Sorry, I thought you were saying "crying racism"  was a  phenomenon unique to the left. I'm happy to grant that, while employed across the political spectrum, cries of racism are much more common on the left.     There's a sight called "listverse" that's got a piece, "Top 10 Ways Racism Affects White People," that offers examples. Wikipedia has a short entry for "Reverse discrimination" that gives an overview.  Also, Jeff Sessions current investigation of Affirmative Action is generating some discussion of the matter. Affirmative Action is a commonly employed (albeit contested) example of discrimination against White people.
The problem Neko, is that whites are often called racist without information to support the charge.  "If the shoe fits" works for me, too.  Problem is, as grampa used to say, "If is a big word."
I spell it that way to rock you out of your thinking.  Why do you want to know where I work? I am the principal of a major secondary school in BC. So now I educate teachers on how to educate kids about white Privilege. This is how we move forward as a society.   Otherwise, you end up with the USA.
Its called balance . . . . do you not get that? It is a rather simple concept, perhaps your high school education does not allow you to read between the lines. This little girl is the off spring of people who come from a land that is as backward and tribal as it gets. Most Canadians understand and acknowledge that the indigenous file in Canada has been poorly handled by government after government and would welcome a path forward that would be equitable for all concerned. Most Canadians and their ancestors have supported the evolution of a society that is now the envy of most other nations. So what is balance? Perhaps this little misguided girl could have couched her remarks recognizing the strides our great nation has made to level the playing field - mostly the result of white people taking action (we are after all the majority so this should be no surprise) while also inserting that with all the progress made their is still considerable work to do. Instead . . bad whitey
"I don’t believe the diversity of the population is our country’s greatest strength. Canada’s greatest strength is the diversity of the choices the population is free to make once we are here." Your statement is a tautology. The diversity of choices of the population is derived from the diversity of the population. You are saying the same thing two different ways. If the population consisted of white, Anglo-Saxon males (the decision makers until recently) there would not be a lot of diversity of choices (think of 19th century Toronto). With diversity of population comes diversity of choices.
what don't people understand, Trump condemned "All" Racist and Hate Groups. You want Donald to include Millennials and BLM specifically with the White Supremacists and Nazi's? He'd get pummeled doing that! lol Democrats condemns the White Man, that's a FACT!
Jews need to give up Zionism. Not all whites are white supremacists and not all Jews are Jewish supremacists. If to be white and silent about racism is to uphold white supremacy then by the same reasoning, to be Jewish and silent about Zionism (Jewish nationalism) is to be complicit in Israel's injustice to the Palestinian people. The Star of David is prominent on the Israeli flag and people confuse Judaism and the political ideology, Zionism. Most progressives wouldn't think of celebrating Columbus Day (in Eugene, it's been changed to Indigenous Peoples’ Day) yet our local Temple Beth Israel will be celebrating the ethnic cleansing of Palestine on May 3. Unfortunately, there are many parallels between white supremacist and Jewish supremacist ideologies, demonstrated here, "Why a Texas rabbi keeps losing the debate over Israel with a white nationalist leader" http://tinyurl.com/zd5rel5  A former Hebrew teacher explains, Zionism is nationalism, not Judaism http://tinyurl.com/lv6kn2o
Oh that's the already tired and fatuous party line from the DNC.  But far more blacks and Hispanics voted for Trump than voted for either McCain "8 years" ago, or Romney 4 years ago, so that sinks the argument hard.   Obama is actually a half white president.   We really do need to educate a whole generation of voters on some basic facts; otherwise they just vibrate around in between paid protesting gigs.
Do you hate all white people or just the white men? It is not surprising to me that you feel so secure typing in your racist remarks under a false name. I am pretty sure face to face your probably a lot easier to get along with. May you have a great Christmas and you get a new outlook for Christmas.
Gee, not a mention of the other three phone calls. Could that be because they were white? Black soldier killed and when white president calls to express condolences some 13 days after his death a black flamboyant female activist congresswoman just happens to be listening in on the phone call. To me this is beyond being a sleazy politician. It doesn't matter what Trump said, the result would be the same. She is using this young man's sacrifice for her own political gain and that of The Democratic Party. Anyone who does not immediately condemn her is not welcome in my home or life.
I am not in favour of this process because IMHO this is a matter for the provinces to address but it is not just happening in the USA.  Perhaps you missed the  mass shooting that occurred on the evening of January 29, 2017, at the Islamic Cultural Centre of Quebec City, a mosque in the Sainte-Foy neighbourhood of Quebec City, Canada. Six people were killed and nineteen others injured when a lone gunman (alleged to be Alexandre Bissonnette who had expressed far-right, white nationalist, and anti-Muslim views) opened fire shortly after the end of evening prayers.
As a middle aged white male I can relate to how a person can be often vilified and painted with a broad, derogatory brush.
Reading much too much into all of this. The popolo players don't like racist punk whites and are taking a knee in protest.   Let them be.
Der Fuehrer/Il Duce Trump didn't take over CONservatism.  He just took off the patriotic/fundamentalist christian cover to show the depth of evil of the entire ideology.  Every Republican candidate in the primaries espoused all of the same anti-government/anti-human evils as Trump.  He just outfoxed them all with his Nationalist Agenda catering to the racist/bigot crowd more effectively than any other.  Jeb Bush was the heir-apparent of the wealthy Corporatists after rigging the Florida voting system as governor, but Trump went around them directly to the gullible "deplorables".  CONservatism is just Nazism in red, white, and blue clothing demanding blind obedience from all as they loot the nation.  All covered by the usual flag-waving, god bless america, pledge of allegiance(also under god), but, in reality proponents of military dictatorship, genocide, and pyramid wealth.  And so it goes.
At one time long ado Fan of Reality I would have agreed that the City should look to reinvigorate Eastgate. Indeed if you rummage around the City of Bellevue website you'll find the requisite planning documents produced by the usual committees that recommend various courses of action. It makes for quite dry reading. In reality Eastgate is a hodgepodge of auto dealerships, corporate parks, extended stay hotels and a recently opened marijuana store.  At one time the City tried its hand at “neighborhood shopping center revitalization.” The result was Walmart replacing K-Mart at Kelsey Creek and an overwrought white elephant that is now Lake Hills Shopping Center. Places of the slightest historic interest, like Eastgate’s now-lost Kane’s Motel, weren’t deemed worthy of preserving. Maybe Albertson’s/Safeway south of I-90 will be remodeled. Maybe not.
Few of us are able to recognize our own entitlements. They feel normal, and they feel like we are owed them. White males like me assume we have a right to be heard, we often talk over women without even knowing we are doing it, we believe we have higher incomes because we are better at what we do. So any threat to our privileges provokes an outraged response. Read the  comments by people like the well named Doctor Demento. Outraged white male denial, all caps, and selective quoting of statistics, and bluster. But we are, I hope, slowly changing.
It is not a "yes or no" question, but I'm not surprised you think so.  Let me see if I can explain it so you understand.  Trump was attractive to the sort of Nazi-loving, white supremacists who swarmed like maggots in Virginia this weekend.  He was glad to accept their support, and played to their prejudices.  Trump also attracted many other people, suckered in by his populist "outsider" mask.  Because the Nazis like him and the deplorables like him does not mean that the deplorables like the Nazis.  Some do, I'm sure, but you are positing a logical fallacy.
You may have lost to Trump; but you sure have no clue how it happened.  Here's a tip for all the regressive "progressives" out there...your agenda is not priority for most people.  Children's rights, reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights, disability rights, black lives, indigenous lives,  immigrants, workers and a more inclusive society are not most people's priorities. Not. Even. Close.   That doesn't mean people are against those causes. Personally, I support all of them. However, none of them influence my vote one iota.   Lefties like to talk about entitlement when it comes to older, white men yet are oblivious to the sanctimonious drivel they constantly spew. You don't know better. Your opinion is not right. Everyone else is not wrong.   That sanctimonious attitude is why Trump won. That and the fact your "progressive" candidate was also a proven liar with a lot of negative characteristics. Lefties never see that though. They are too busy being deluded by their own moral superiority.
i don't know any white women who have killed their children.
No white speakers because “We don’t want to put our action within the parameters of white comfort.”  I thought this march was supposed to be anti-racist???
Mbalula's diatribe confirms two important issues.   The first is that the alliance (and the ANC within it) is broken beyond repair.   Secondly he admits that 80% of taxes derive from "whites".   Does this mean that the active looting of taxes by way of outright corruption and rent taking is OK as long as Blacks are the recipients of that criminal behaviour? Mbalula confirms that the "real" ANC, now or then, is on a mission of elitist looting rather than good governance, whatever words they use or used.
"extreme emotional disturbance" Whatever. A crime was still committed.  DA, jury and judge all have a case of the "white guilt". I guarantee if the perp was a older white man finding his wife and committed the same crime, they would have thrown the book at him.
sorry buddy but when you look back in history all the lefties see is White privilege and colonialism...you and you grandfather have been found guilty.
republicans don't accuse democrats of being racists, or white supremacists, or nazis.  conservatives are far less likely to engage in venomous personal attack.  if you disagree with republican points of view on issues, that's fine.  if your disagreement immediately jumps to vitriol and personal insult, that's not fine.
I'm not sure what "anti-white racism" actually entails but I think it's problematic to dismiss and/or belittle and/or suppress the concerns of many people who believe their legitimate interests are being discounted and ignored by government, big business and the mainstream media. I believe Donald Trump was elected more as a consequence of progressive hubris than racism. Could it happen here? Do we want to risk it?
I dont know what Borden did but he is a white man too, so he's gotta go. Put Dudley Laws  on the $100.
Why are references to old, white men in politics not a demonstration of how men are treated in politics?  Of sexism?  I'll tell you: because guys can take it, they don't complain every time somebody refers to them with less than 100% love.
Very interesting article about the angst and rage among white Europeans and EuroAmericans.  Being a white person obviously is about more than skin color. It's about a cultural way of seeing reality that is rooted deeply in European history, culture and theology.  What's happening here doesn't warrant more white naval gazing, the normal response to every failure of the culture - think Nietzsche. Europe and its extension America have violently invaded and displaced people for more than 500 years, and dominated the world for the past two centuries in pursuit of wealth. The world we see now is the product of European and EuroAmerican values, priorities and beliefs. The people most responsible for the world conditions are getting blow-back from their own collective actions and creations, and they are imploding because of it. This is due to the over-valued intellectual creativity in the culture that never quite fits reality.  The culture is a failure at the most important things in life.
Thank you, so much, Sr. Rose. The enigma of faith is the enigma of life, not something locked-down in black and white answers.
What a misstatement and logical fallacy! We all discriminate when we choose one brand over another, one car over another, etc. Your position is that "white only"lunch counters are recreated by a baker not wanting to decorate a cake for a gay wedding. Skin color and ethnicity is involuntary, but legislation is not the answer to "bigotry". BTW the anti discrimination laws prevent discrimination based on religion before the added LGBTQI PC language. It is not a crime or nasty discrimination to refuse to decorate a cake for a gay wedding. It is not a right to get whatever you desire, from whoever you choose to provide it. Is not "no shoes, no service" discrimination? There are so many examples of discrimination, not actionable. There are other bakers who would welcome the business, including gay owned bakeries. Why pick on this baker? Let him stand or fall on his own. Wedding cakes are NOT a right or necessary to life.
I don't think it does.  Even in lily-white Europe, where everyone looks, talks, and pretty much thinks exactly the same, there are terrible tradeoffs.  No thanks.  You socialists should take Margaret Thatcher's wisdom to heart: "The trouble with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money."  If government monopoly on health insurance is such a wonderful thing, why aren't individual states doing it?  It should be a no brainer, right?
If you work for any large corporation or government you know the truth.  If you are a minority you have an advantage over an equivalently or more qualified white male as far as getting hired.    You have a similar advantage for promotion.  You have extra protection from being fired because employers are afraid of race based lawsuits and associated bad publicity.
no hon..just another white male citizen terrorizing the population.  Want to stop terrorism?  Focus on those committing it.  Hint:  they are not refugees or immigrants.
One in three U.S. Muslims fear for their safety? Considering the numbers of reactionaries in white, Christian America, and the saturation of gun ownership, I'm surprised that the numbers of fearful people isn't much higher. Muslims in the U.S. shouldn't have to live their lives in fear.
God help our country.  He has demonized Blacks.  He has demonized Hispanics.  He has demonized Muslims.  He has reduced women to "this year's model" and toys of the wealthy white male.  His expressed beliefs have shifted with the sand.  God help us.
Sen. Gardner is a waterboy for Agent Orange and the republicants who are defoliating this country of our democracy and our decency. He's finally seeing the writing on the wall and standing up to Nazis and white nationalists which is great, he's not totally deplorable, just mostly.  He has every reason to be booed and disrespected because he's a war mongering tool of the crony capitalist weapons contractors in the Pentagon. Shaking hands with a brutal dictator in the Philippines? Beating the drum for war in N. Korea? His lil'Napoleon complex is gonna get a lot of people killed. He doesn't represent his Colorado constituents he represents the crony capitalist class destroying this country from the inside out.
Carl, just looked up DOJ statistics, and it shows whites committing 13.7% while blacks commit 62.7% of the violent crimes in the US. That is about the same representation of prisoners in US prisons as well.
I can only think that Mr. Schill is caught in the vortex of a tempest in a very expensive teapot - that is, as the head cheerleader for team UO and also chief fundraiser, he has to be careful not to step on the wrong toes. I imagine some donors are screaming bloody murder over the social gaffe of Doctor Schurtz, whose blackface apparently was intended only to honor the author of a recollection "Black Man in a White Coat".  Certainly, this costume was in no way insulting to African-Americans; in fact, it honored an individual.  Mr Schill must stand up for truth and justice, else he is weak and injust. Mr. Schill must protect his innocent professor from outside attack, cite freedom of speech, and note there was no ill intent in the masquerade of Professor Schurtz.  Nothing else will suffice. Mr. Schill must stand up for his scholars, and for freedom of expression, and for justice, which exonerates the blameless Doctor Schurtz. There is no other choice.
Trump is an admitted white supremacist.  You're simply deluded.
I am disappointed in the quality of comments here. A young white man called out a racial slur at a black man, then pursued the man he'd insulted, and confronted him with a gun. This is a horrible thing. I am glad that the gentleman who was insulted, pursued, and had a gun pulled on him was able to escape and call authorities, and that the authorities took away the armed aggressor - NOT ALWAYS THE WAY IT HAPPENS. It is horrifying that this happened in our community. And BTW calling someone white trash (which I am not doing) is not racism. If you think it is, then you need to educate yourself about racism and what it is. Racism is a system in which a dominant race benefits off the oppression of others — whether they want to or not. That benefit is "white privilege," and if you are white, you have it, whether you think you do or not. Prejudice is a preconceived opinion that may (or may not) have a rational basis. Words matter.
Now here's the outrageous "double standard" that America allows!  If the roles were turned and a white said that about a black, I could only imagine that a multi-million dollar settlement would be imminent.  Shame on the UH President to cower away from this racist comments!!!
So it has been islamic terroists for 12 yrs and now it's N Korean Nuclear War?  What? Where is the NWO trying to lead us?  I'm confused, What about Islam cutting white peoples heads off an blowing up kiddy concerts?
Rona Ambrose is the right choice. Smart, experienced, telegenic, very pleasant personailty, tough, bilingual and a woman. The next election will purely be a popularity contest, not a question of policy. Zoolander wouldn't be able to put a glove on her.    God forbid the Conservatives select another over-fed, suburban, middle-aged and angry white guy in a boring suit. May as well just stay home.
There’s an approximate 100 year gap in your history of the Democratic party where some significant things happened. Why would you ignore that little thing where all the white supremacists switched to the republican party?
I was under the understanding that jurisprudence had settled these sorts of matters. The baker is obliged to bake the cake, but is not obligated to place a message on it contrary to his/her beliefs. So, to answer the straw man argument: bakers, yes, bake for the Nazis but don't have to write a White Supremacist message on top of it.
And many of those slaves became rulers in India, like Malik Ambar and the Siddis of Janjira.  Africans did not become rulers in North America. The closest was Obama, and he is half white.
Most Indian massacres in the Old West were massacres of whites by Indians.
Reporting and responses to this incident is indicative of the polarising of American political discourse. A small group of far right white supremacist, KKK-types, neo-Nazis and alt-righters (whatever that is), by many accounts mostly from across the country, is casually thrown in with Fox News, Sarah Palin, the white working class, nationalist sentiments, talk-radio and of course Hitler himself - Trump.   Whatever Trump would have said, would never have been enough or not some dog whistle. He should known there never is two sides. Even if a Sanders supporting activist targets GOP congressmen playing baseball - it is still the fault of the right/conservatives/Trump. Trump should have known better and should have just condemned any violence and bigotry.    This article could have also mentioned the organised antifi on the left and their activities over the last six months on campus and during protests. Illiberal debate and caricatures now dominate US discourse.
The nazi and white supremacy ideology must be condemned. It's the moral thing to do. There should be no discussion on that. Attempting to defend that ideology puts you on the wrong side.
Yes, it would be unfair and incorrect to label someone as something they are not.   Answer these. Simple yes or no is fine.  If somone was marching past a synagogue amid a crowd of torch-carrying, hate-slogan chanting, Nazis/KKKers, would it be correct to label that person as deplorable?   Do the non-white, non-Christians who are threatened by these hate groups have the right to stand their ground?
Annette N Ryan Reyes, there's no oxymoron here. The Hawaiian Kingdom has always been the rightful, lawfully elected government of Hawai'i.  However, in 1893 a group of 13 pro-American white supremacists illegally usurped the rightful, lawful authority of the democratically elected Hawaiian Kingdom. You may or may not have noticed that the Hawaiian Kingdom has been a government out of power over the past nearly 125 years and that the Provisional government, the Republic, the Territory and the State of Hawaii have been imposed upon us by the unlawful US occupier and oppressor.  So the fact remains that the Hawaiian Kingdom is the rightful, lawful government of Hawaii and that we are in the process of reinstating our rightful, lawful authority so that we can govern once more without any foreign influence or interference. Its really simple if you'd only take the time try to understand our history,  ponokeali'i Minister of Information Deputy Interior Minister of The Hawaiian Kingdom
I'm with you John, I commented on this article already below, pointing out the apparent hypocrisy in this author's predilection for facts. She, like so much of the MSM, would have us persuaded that the Montreal mosque shooting is without a doubt motivated by the shooter's petulant hatred of muslims, and we are to swallow this bitter pill as FACT. Well, we can all speculate: it seems 4 out of the 6 victims had government jobs; what if our white male 2nd or 3rd or whatever generation Canadian shooter, apparently also gunning for a undergraduate degree in some accredited program or another, was thoroughly upset with his perceived prospects for decent employment after graduation, while his municipal, provincial, and federal government was in his view doling out cushy jobs to the new immigrants and foreigners around him because, by his conclusion, the Canadian government gives all kinds of unfair advantages to those who are not white, male, and multiple-generation Canadian?
I fail to see how McKenna could have conducted herself any worse.  Using an international forum to try this hard to victimize herself is not the role of a Cabinet Minister.  Feminists must be aghast at her conduct.  A responsible parliamentarian when questioned, would have simply accepted the ministers apology for his choice of words and moved on.   It's called being magnanimous.  She has in fact, been treated like any man in politics ever has.  What she is doing with this silly response, is make the case that women deserve to be treated differently, which flies in the face of feminism.  She's making the case that women are victims.  Which flies in the face of feminism.  Using the international media to take partisan jabs at conservatives the world over is something that liberals would have railed to the high heavens had this been a Harper minion.     Justins egregious "elderly white grandpa" response, well, I fail to see how that's any different from Ritz's choice of words.  #outraged
I think you are missing the point.  I will support the right of anyone to speak freely. I think that is a pillar of our country. The same group you are saying says things like "You will not replace us", only because they know that "Death to the Jews" is not acceptable and would likely put them on the wrong side of the law. The intent is still there. They want genocide. What compromise is there with someone that wishes death on a group of people, let them kill half of them? So no just as I would not support ISIS having an open rally calling for the death of citizens, I will not agree that is it the right of a group to call for the death of citizens just because they cleaned up their language for the rally.  "even if the words themselves are about the superiority of the white race versus calling for violence against all non-whites." If they were just saying whites good, that would be ok, but they are not. The stated end goal is the death of anyone they are against(ie not white).
Don, one of the hallmarks of the current GOP and the Trump campaign is a rejection of political correctness. Their guns, rebel flags, and t-shirts with vile language like the "C" word and the "B" word referring to Hillary, are plain for all to see.  I remember when that started to happened. It was about the same time that those of us that are not white men demanded the same rights and politeness that white men get. That is when being polite and demands for equality became political correctness. You and Trump are inviting us "others" to accept 2nd class status. That is worse for the nation than Hillary's emails. Trump is also the most likely candidate to start WWIII over a tweet. The GOP want to take us back to the time when white men were the only people that deserved politeness. I barley survived that the first time. I have no intention of reliving those days.
No. What's called bigotry in non-whites is called bigotry in whites. All humans are capable of bigotry. What is called solidarity or identity in non-whites is called solidarity or identity in whites. All humans are capable of solidarity. All too often they stand in solidarity and bigotry. Racism  is systemic  stacking of the deck towards a particular race as the superior race - in our country the overall system and culture is stacked towards white peoples. Politicians, etc who seek to keep the system stacked can rightfully be called racists.  This is not a semantics game- the distinctions help sort out important issues.  I am mixed race. I appear white next to my brown relatives. I am treated very differently. It is very real.
Like I said little man, I was born into the military!!  Army Airborne Cbt Eng, 68-70 + 4 more brothers Army, Air Force + one of them continuing into law enforcement for 15+ years and then into the Air Marshall's after 9/11, remember?  You and yours have nothing on us about suiting up and strapping on!  Again a little history, the KKK, along with Jim Crow was all Dems, the party of slavery!!  The difference is little man I oppose "all" supremacist and I have respect for all citizens that behave rationally, carrying their own weight, support those they bring into the world and don't blame everyone else for their failures because they lack personal responsibility and accountability. Don't force different life styles down my throat, shut up and man up. I do not support late terms abortions, that's a human being, treated like spare parts.  Sit through one if you can stomach it!  I don't believe in a hyphenated American; African American, white-American, Muslim-American all BS! American 1st
The white ones grow up to be republicans.
Should have affirmative action for whites. Since this happening al over the U.S.
agree 100%, why not an article of racism as it appeared from the perspective of the minority.  it is easy for the white majority to sympathize but they don't get the real feeling and meaning of being truly hated.
Where do you get the race angle? If two white kids (not that it makes any difference) in Havre, Montana or Nye, Nevada had the same thing happen my opinion would remain the same.
I have worked in West Africa for 3 years, and never felt a sense of racism. In Toronto, it is difficult to avoid strange looks for more than 3 minutes. Probably because I am obviously white, male, an engineer, and over 60. Personally, I prefer to live in countries where I am respected rather than shunned.  Canadians seem to suffer from "Cognitive Dissonance", where they say one thing, but mean another. Personally, I prefer to go directly to the point, as does Wente in most of her articles.
Huh. Being conquered makes you on the "wrong side" of history? A phobia is an irrational fear. I think C's fear was pretty justified and, therefore, very rational even when accounting for the fact that Spaniards were boastful of mixing with the "Indios" thus making us proud Mestizos. Not so sure that made him a xenophobe per se.  Anyhow, interestingly White supremacists use similar logic and language as you. "'We' won" so we're on the "right" side of history. Assuming there is a coherent 'we' that is to be understood as 'white.' Race is really a spurious notion altogether anyway that really needs to be done away with once and for all - I say we we start with deconstructing the notion of there being a "white race." Then, maybe - just maybe, we can make some headway on the century and a half-old privilege that has come with it. Then and only then can we can start calling ourselves a true meritocracy.   Got anymore bait?
Speaking of infantile, your knowledge of sociology and history is lacking but fortunately, the university offers a community education program and many lectures can be accessed by the public. Also, the UO library is open to the general public so there's nothing stopping you from acquiring a more intelligent and fact-based understanding of American history. African-Americans comprise 12.2% of the population so you're going to see more whites at the Mission but I'm sure there are people from all the major ethnic backgrounds who avail themselves of the Mission's services, your sophomoric analysis notwithstanding.
Well, since 85% of the population in Eugene is white, that's a pretty safe bet.
"I was ready for her to tell me a story about her sick relative on the reserve and how she needed a few dollars to help get home." ____________________ Sounds like you need some sensitivity training. If a white person said this in today's environment they would be fired.
Yes. It's depressing.  But I went to an airport protest over the weekend, and that was very heartening. There are lots of Americans out there fired up to defend the country's ideals, who are NOT going to sit idly by while Trump sells out the USA to Russian oligarchs and a white-supremacist cult.  No way. The fight is on.
I'll make a bold assumption: most of the people who whimper and complain about this new phenomenon called "The Gig Economy"--because they must chase business--never, ever had the kind of encouragement and training the writer is suggesting is needed.  It better happen!  Wise up, people! If young people graduating from Grade 12 can't sell themselves, don't understand marketing, don't see the ADVANTAGES (Wow tons of advantages!) that the so-call new trend offers, then this country is in real, real trouble. Forget teaching sex ed.  Forget White Privilege classes.  You don't got no privilege if you're BROKE!   Teach them language skills, math skills and money-making skills...and then, teach them how to live within their meansf--and save.  And don't whine about "well, that's the parents' job." Maybe it should be, but, the OTHER reason this country's going to have financial trouble: millions of future poverty-stricken seniors.  We have maybe 10 years to figure it out...
Not standing is disrespectful . This is why they do it . You are a spineless person if you say otherwise . But what can we expect from a third rate newspaper columnist like you. Trump won and guess what Trudeau won't get a second term,  people are tired of the ooliticallly correct hyperbole . Yes it time to admit the facts . Facts like more white men were killed by police than black men last year and every year .   More white men were killed by black officers than blacks killed by whites .   There is no racism. It is a false narrative being pushed by liberal elite and theirs supporting cast of sloped foreheads .  When the time comes me and my friends (black ,Asian, native , and Europeans ) we will all be beating  libtards together . See we're all rednecks even my buddy in a turban is a red neck. Time to destroy the left once and for all
Neither the shooter in Texas nor the shooter in Las Vegas nor the vast majority of other mass killers who have unleashed GUN fire on innocent people in this country in recent years have ever been diagnosed with mental health problems. They were simply white men with anger issues, money issues, issues with women, issues with gay people, race issues, and other non-mental issues who used GUNS, specifically military-style assault weapons, to kill lots of people in extremely short order. To suggest that these mass GUN killings are a matter of mental illness and not GUNS is simply ludicrous. Beyond that it is both evasive and disingenuous to the point of gross negligence. People are dying unnecessarily so that GUN dealers can get richer, and NRA p*ssy-whipped Republicans are to blame, so LOCK THEM UP! No other country on earth has such GUN violence but all countries contain people with mental health issues. That fact is as plain as day and it's well past time that people wake up to it.
You cannot appeal wholly to chauvinistic, Murican troglodytes without repercussions. The UFC was always uncomfortable with a French-Canadian champion and a black man from Curitiba as its two greatest stars, largely because Muricans are uncomfortable with such people. Non-Murican fighters and fans are viewed with deep suspicion by White's Army and, rather than harvesting non-Murican talent, and non-Murican fans, the UFC determinedly tried to cut them out. Instead of focusing on the global market, White and his ilk marketed, booked and operated as if only one national market mattered. Problem is, Murican bigots only have so much money - and the attention span of gnats.   Bye bye, UFC.
I'm a moderate and don't get caught up in either sides politics, I think they both suck.  But to say that there isn't a fringe element to both sides that are pushing extreme views and agendas is a complete lie and playing victim.  The right has its fanatics to include the supremacists, the anti abortion and even the hard core religions.  The left has Occupy, Black Lives Matters and the homosexual driven groups.  I have seen and viewed black lives matters participate in equally demonstrative and objectionable tactics to include spewing derogatory remarks towards white people, spitting on cops and call them insults and even killing cops.  They have to take responsibility for those actions as the right does for its.  I'm not a big fan of Trump at all but what he says makes sense to me.  These two forces will keep colliding because neither one wants to back off its agenda, the cops will be the ones to take the brunt of it, they have to continue to mediate this nonsense.
The Civil War is a sad part of our history and can not be disconnected from who and what we are to this very day. Some even proffer it never ended. It can be directly connected, via the resurgent visible KKK, to today's ultra conservative politics of anti-immigration, neo-Nazism, white male supremacy, inclusive of Trump's faltering political base. I find it difficult to reply to your swastika and KKK rant because I'm not sure I get your point. However, I do support the legality of peaceful free speech and expression, even if distasteful or malicious. Characterizing my letter as "blogging nonsense" is not constructive to the conversation. As to your final comment suggesting I should expose actual "Neo-nazis or the KKK" in my community, I don't personally know any. If they're here, they're probably hiding in plain site amongst us. My letter was penned to bring attention to an idea and symbol that I think may misrepresent our community values and does not serve us as well as it should.
SPLC has never called BLM a hate group and they are responsible for many Police Officer murders.   Being a supporter of our President does not make all whites neo nazi's or race haters nor believing that wanting to make America be Great Again should make an American the enemy.  This is no more than I believe democrats really want to make this nation communist even though the alt.left progressives do.  This article should be on the Opinion page.  For another view of what happened and why in Charlottesville, VA check   https://patriotpost.us/articles/50760
You mean like a compromise during the civil rights era when some people thought that maybe we should "compromise" about letting blacks and whites sit together at the same restaurant counter, drink at the same water fountain, or sit with everyone else at the front of the bus rather than back? That kind of compromise?
"Answer these. Simple yes or no is fine. If somone was marching past a synagogue amid a crowd of torch-carrying, hate-slogan chanting, Nazis/KKKers, would it be correct to label that person as deplorable?"  Yes. IF they are actually part of the Group....NOT if they were 'swept up in it'.  ***************************************************** "Do the non-white, non-Christians who are threatened by these hate groups have the right to stand their ground?" Hmmm...on the face of it, Yes. BUT What does that mean? "Stand their ground"? If someone is purposely Blocking the way of Protesters (in this case Nazi-Wanna Be's), then they are creating a ripe situation for violence. That is exactly what triggered the "NWBe's" to violence - When ANTIFA locked arms and prevented the "NWBe's" from entering Heritage Park.
It's also okay to refuse to sell a ball gown to a white woman whose husband you hate. Had they refused to sell to Mrs Obama it wouldn't have mattered that they were actually upset her husband was elected because they dislike his personality or policies. All you-know-what would have broken loose because she's a protected classification of customer. Make sense? Not to me either.  Forcing someone to use their creative abilities is different from requiring someone to rent an apartment or sell a standard sandwich with a glass of soda, and some may dislike what could result. Can a sculpter be required to make a statue of Robert E Lee? A photographer snap portraits of a child with an ISIS flag and bandolier?  Can a liberal speech writer be ordered to write a speech for Trump?
The teacher’s dismissal of the boy’s statement because he was a white male is an example of ad hominem argument - a cheap rhetorical device to attack an individual rather than challenging their argument with facts and reason.  Back when Ontario had a high quality education system, students were taught to avoid ad hominem personal attacks because they subvert the reasoned analysis and debate of ideas.  Apparently today’s Ontario education system privileges - dare I say use the word - social justice war indoctrination over real teaching.
Until we are able to have a real conversation on one of the core issues causing this problem this will only be lip service.  The failure of the African American family unit is a major contributor to this issue. The lack of a father figure and the reliance on the gang culture for that male role model is one of the major reasons for this violence. One of the major reasons for the lack of a stable home environment is the dependence and incentive of the welfare state. Women are being taught that they not only do not need to have a father involved for financial reasons, there is an incentive for those who do not have a father supporting their child. (Yes I know there are white women participating in this, but the statistics for the African American community are staggering)  When we are prepared to have that conversation to address some of the major contributors we might be able to help here, but as has been posted in other responses. The BLM movement really could care less about the deaths
The "alts" in each group are characterized by more extreme viewpoints than the rest of the traditional group.  So, BLM advocates harassing (and even worse) police and hatred of "whites" as the wellspring of all that is wrong with our society.  Racial segregation is indeed a value of this particular group. Even Hillary's statements that conservative religious beliefs needed to be changed could be considered an alt-left viewpoiint.
I don't want to read fake white media news. But the SABC published the same story. I really didn't think that they were white media. I also didn't know that the Citizen and the Cape Times where also tainted in this way. As is eNCA. Well, you get the picture - everyone covered the story and so all are tarnished. Only ANN7 and the New Age didn't, but they're were until recently owned by criminals and we know their reporting is rubbish.  Please help! Where can I get this non-white reporting I keep hearing about?
White privilege butting heads.
There will be pay back.  Yes indeed, even if that pay back is simply withdrawing financial support from Pride.  Without the millions of dollars the white LBGT  community has to spend,  BlM Pride will crash and burn.  The gay boys can  form a new party committee liberated from the  clutches  of BLM, and hold their own events as they have done so many times in the past.
Mark my words, it won't be long until minorities along with white liberals will demand that monuments such as the Washington and Jefferson memorials be torn down.
President Trump is a New Yorker, who was speaking to Police Officers in New York who knew exactly what he was saying and meant. He was not calling for violence, just expressing his true support for them, unlike what they've experienced the previous eight years.  Trump's message was simple, he supports them and don't expect him to be holding "Beer summits" at the White House and allowing false narratives like "Hands up Don't Shoot" to take root and undermine the police while jeopardizing their safety.  He certainly won't be inviting or emboldening "Black Lives Matter", a group which has called for the killing of police to the White House like Barack Hussein Obama did on multiple occasions.
Replace "white" with "black" and listen to the ensuing howls of outrage.    If one subscribes to "white privilege", would it not stand to reason that the "white" teacher should in fact quit the teaching profession in favour of someone who is not privileged?  I'm glad progressives are so hung up on putting people into different boxes/categories based on race, religion, orientation etc.  It would be awfully boring if progressives simply considered the content of their character and not merely the colour of their skin.  Truly, Martin Luther King was way ahead of his time and ours for that matter.  Let's see if this comment passes the test....
Lana Ah Lan.  Kinda yes and no. Lewis, King, Hosia Williams and many others, Black, White, Yellow, Brown, Native Americans fought for civil rights in many different ways. Lewis was part of the Ghandi civil disobedience front. Your right to due process, in this instance, would involve Speaker Ryan slapping the hands or butts of the Congressional sitters which I doubt he'll do.   Yes, the American government can be considered a terrorist group for the massacres at Sacramento River, Wounded Knee, in Colorado as Pat Blair pointed out.  Prior to American Independence, the Spanish and British slaughtered many more First Americans. Guns don't just kill Gays.
White supremacism is normal in America. It's an assumption that is rarely examined in those terms.  When white people more and more feels as if their privilege is being taken away, mainly because the GOP have told them it is, the arguments of actual white supremacists become more and more attractive.
Yeah... us men have it SO hard in 2017. Don't even get me started on being white. So much oppression... how can we go on like this????!?!
I didn't say anything about eviction,  I specifically said you drafted and support a document that aims to strip land, voting, and political rights from all non-Hawaiians. Is this not true?  At what point did I ignore the plight of any people? Again, I am asking whether you will admit to your racism, or if you will hide behind the façade of the UH propaganda which claims that only white people can be racist? To be clear - do you believe that non-Hawaiians should have less rights than those with the blood quantum?  Thirdly, and this is the real irony...you claim Na'i Aupuni is not racist because the very colonizers which you blame for all of the world's problems have approved it? Really?  So lets get this straight. Whites coming to the Americas and forming a government for themselves is the root of colonialism. Pure evil.  But Native Hawaiians forming a government exclusively for themselves is not bad, even when you are looking to enact Jim Crow round 3?  Clearly I am the hypocrite.
So why isn't there a neutering program for natives? If you can't parent them you shouldn't be pregnant. Or is the the purpose of this article to say white folks are the cause of foster care???  I'm sure of the answer but I'd like to hear the left and the natives slobber on this one...  In Nova Scotia the FEDS are paying immigrants $10,000 PER MONTH to settle. My daughter is a real esate agent and all teh houses being built in Bedford West a new subdivision are being bought by immigrants ont hsi 10K a month program. They have no English, no jobs, BMWs and use the FED's money as their source of income.  Of course any logical person knows that these taxpayer dollars are turned into BMWs, Spec houses, etc.  I'd like to let all white taxpaying folks know that not only are you paying for natives, you now pay for immigrants to speculate on housing....  Then of course we can talk about the white folks being extinct in 20-30 years as these groups have 10 kids.....
...including white people who reject racism and men who believe that women are equal, too Denise Balkissoon - "including white people who reject racism" implies that is not usually the case - in fact "white" countries of the West are the least racist the ones with the best anti-racism legislation and human rights -
What? Nobody has suggested that Trump or the vast majority of his voters are card carrying, white hood wearing, cross burning members of the KKK. I have no idea where you are getting that. What many are observing however, is that Trump doesn't automatically and whole-heartedly condemn white supremacists. In fact, he goes out of his way not to do so. Only when painted into a corner does he offer a half-hearted condemnation of them. I would ask you to consider how tiny a percentage of African Americans and Hispanics voted for Trump. And....no they certainly aren't KKK members, they wouldn't be allowed to be even if for some warped reason they wanted that. You employ a strange logic which makes me pretty certain you voted for Trump.
You really don't understand the term "white supremacist"? Or are you just being coy and intellectually dishonest, which is the typical M.O. for right wing commenters?
You are exactly right, we'll said! It's these kind of remarks that endanger people lives as well. I am so FED UP with being called a racist by people who don't  know me or my family! It's  those kind of RACIST comments like that endanger ALL white people! Sorry about the rant! Have a blessed day.
Mr zenger, there is no evidence that suggest the Confederate flag represents "white supremacy and protection of slavery " any more than the United States flag.  In reality blacks made more progress in a shorter time period under the Confederate battle flag than the u.s. flag.  Please do more research before speaking.  Even at school the students retain their first amendment rights according to the u.s. courts.
If anything like that was said about non-whites everyone would be condemning her. But there are double standards now. If you're from one of the 'victim' groups then you can say anything you want. If you're from one of the oppressor groups then anything you say is wrong and you are bad.
The Electoral College was designed to support race based slavery and white supremacy by compensating states with more black slaves than white men to be equal to states that had more free white men than black slaves. It is still serving its function to support white supremacy. If we believe in equality for all, it has to go. One person one vote should be the law of the land. Anything less shows we don't want equality for all citizens. Sadly, that should not be news to anyone. We have never had equality under the law for all citizens.
Wont be hard, the call came from the building. Another fake hate crime to drum up anti Trump and anti white sentiments. Looks like its working.
Between apologizing for all generational misdeeds of the white man, meeting with Muslims in mosques and catering incessantly to LGBT, our man Trudeau seems to have a full agenda. Maybe in year two he'll make some time for the average Canadian who has bills and taxes to pay.
Hello ABM,  No, wrong, I did not imply that only 17th-ish century Europeans contributed to scientific advancement.  What I actually wrote was that "the reason so much in the way of science advancement happened in Europe at the hands of its scientists from about 1500 to 1700 had NOTHING - ZERO - to do with "white privilege".  That was what I wrote.  And nothing, that you wrote, has rebutted my point there.  Maybe you need to focus in on what the phrase "so much" means, the phrase I used in my post.   Hint: No, it does not mean everything, and no, it does not even imply the majority!
Gov owned airlines are good to carry contraband. Weapons in the case of the white Nats , cash (to Dubai) in the case of the Black Nats. It's also good to ferry wedding guests from A to B. Come on guys, we need SAA
"As a 'white' person with Mik'maq blood in me, ..."  I'm a citizen of the earth with A Negative blood
Actually, as a black man, I find the Confederate flag more insulting than the swastika!  It was a symbol of white superiority -- period.  Look at any rally involving white supremacists; they have the confederate flag.
David Wilson is definitely a conundrum for his District leadership.  Just as David Eastman is one for his District.  It comes from expecting the incumbent to win. DeLena Johnson is a known quantity.  She has been involved in her District for at least the last 6 years, and probably much longer.  The issue of race is not one of which I am aware.  It's the unknown quantity.  I'm not a member of any of these Districts, and we haven't had a 'new' kid on our block for over a decade.  So, let's drop the race baiting and go with the uncertainty of the unknown.  Although I am very familiar with both Davids and DeLena, I don't think about what they are (male/female, white/ not-white), I think about WHO they are.
Since Richard Spencer thinks "white nationalism" means an all-white nation, he's no better than the black nationalists who want an all black nation. Nationalism is the opposite of globalism, and is at the root of our own Declaration of Independence. Race has nothing to do with it. He'll find little support here in Texas.
Let me ask a question. White males represent about 30 percent of Canada's population, but make up about 85 percent of the CEOs and 100 percent of the Prime Ministers Canada has had (am ignoring Kim Campbell's 3 month stint). There is no need to feel persecuted.   She could say a hundred things, but neither she or her daughter have any chance of being the PM of this country. Her chances of being the CEO of a large company are about one sixth of yours.
I think he was being sarcastic.  There has been plenty of assumptions by the white community that black men are 'by nature' more violent than whites are.    If you like, just gooogle "Black race is more violent" or something like that.    Ask yourself how safe you would personally feel walking into an almost all black neighborhood.   Charles is just saying that virtually all the mass murders in this country have been by white males, but you don't see any 'studies' about the predisposition of white people to use violence.   That's a stereotype black men face Every day.  They know they make the white people 'nervous', they get trailed as theives just walking in a store,  and clearly some police get nervous trigger fingers.     What's would be like for you to face an all black police force that is Scared of You and has a gun pulled?  What do you expect from a mature black man that has lived with racial prejudice his entire life.  LOL, When you get as old as us, you say what you feel.
I bet Bannon has too much dirt on Trump for Trump to fire him.  Trump is putting his entire presidency on the line to keep a single individual.    The only thing the guy is perceived to bring is connection to the White Supremacist movement.   It COULDN'T be that he is some sort of legislative management genius, or some sort of effective political communications guru, or some sort of international realtions whiz.  Not in any way, shape or form if you consider the results with him as "Senior Whitehouse Advisor".  So, why hold on to him so stubbornly?  Is the fear that if fired, Bannon walks out the Whitehouse doors and over to Mueller's office?  If there is dirt reflecting WH/key aide/Trump kid/Presidential criminality, what is the likelihood that Bannon knows about it, and has detailed notes on it?  Bannon if ANYONE??  Bannon retention, right now, equals YUGE, SO BIG presidency crippling weight on the Trump Administration.     Risk credible racist label to be loyal?    Why keep him?
I'm not speculating. Eisenhower and Kennedy used government military forces to enforce the law by suppressing white supremacism in ,Little Rock in 1956 and in Oxford, Mississippi in 1962. White supremacist violence and repression of black folks was put down by force because that violence and repression violated the law and threatened social order.   The non-violent Civil Rights Movement of King and Abernathy and John Lewis and "We Shall Overcome" finally overcame white supremacy, in part, because military and police forces marshalled violence and threat of violence against the white supremacists.   Think about this: if black folks in say, Baltimore or Ferguson, MO or South Central LA were to rebel against the police and start wrecking the city would you argue against deploying military force and occupying those cities?  We can't keep race hate out of people's hearts, but we can make it illegal everywhere else.  And that's about the least we can do.
And finally, Alaska conservatives cry out for the death penalty. Only problem is when Alaska had the death penalty, like today's criminal justice system, only four men were lynched; two Alaska Natives, one Black, and one immigrant. White men were allowed to do whatever they wanted and got away with it. They were alpha males. You got the picture?
All peoples have enslaved others and/or been enslaved throughout history. Witness ancient Athens, the birthplace of democracy.   American slavery was perhaps unique - the industrial-scale enslavement of an entire race. Nothing like it has been perpetrated against whites.
I'm okay removing the statues Legally. I don't appreciate Democrats, Milinnials, BLM and many other groups taking violence/destruction into their own hands or not condemning the illegal act. It's NOT right to "destruct" anything or for that matter anyone because of what they stand for or not agreeing with. Do it the Legal way, these people Un-Americans! This is NOT America! Where's the Politicians condemning "ALL" violent Mobs Democrats are anti-White Racists, condones Minority violence, Democrats are TOOLS crafting Racists pieces believing the White-man is the root of all problems. That's why we have more Racism outrage going on today! Schatz, Hirono, Hanabusa our Local Democrats can pin blame for words, twisting our Presidents words jumping on the Racists bandwagon of violence. They have no words on How to calm down the rhetoric, keeping people calm.  D@mn the Democrats, Milinnials, White Racist, Minority Racist, Politicians, etc. Racism exists! America's been trying to address it
Brietbart and the rest of the white nationalist media would love this story.
Just watch disney's "tomorrowland"...same thing.  But then again, the cycle goes bad news-news update-memoralize victims. The last one, is the most devastating to society. For instance, these single african deaths gain worldwide coverage because news outlets are now focusing on police issues, keep in mind it is not just african americans who are having conflicts with officers. But when you single out one race and push national news, you're going to fuel that mob fire. As sad as it is, a single death from a police shooting is not as front page news as it has become. Instead of focusing on more crucial national/global news, we are reading articles on police shootings in BFE L48 that was never news worthy until national news found a black/white office shooting. $100,000,000 says if was asian, white or hispanic it would never reach outside of their state.
Last time I heard of this happening in Alaska it was faked... just sayin'  BTW.. is it bad form to mention the victims race now? It might help find a suspect. Right now we don't know if we're looking for a white supremacist or a Black Panther...
This is Trump  anti-political correctness message . the anti-worship of diversity message the anti-adoration of warped multiculturalism and twisted inclusiveness the anti-watering down of Canadian values and culture to accommodate immigrants  the anti "we are all immigrants" on aboriginal land message the anti "white man is guilty of everything" message  the anti-open the flood gates immigration the anti-lax immigration and refugee policy
It is actually easy to explain.  Sixty-two million Americans wanted to preserve white power.
Great news, white people can do anything they want!! Well I'm off to go live in the Denali NP buildings for a while.  Maybe after that I'll mosey on down to City Hall and take a few bags of money, then go kick the governor out of the mansion for the summer.  After that, I dunno, thinking of taking the space shuttle for a little spin. I'm so glad I'm white!
Ongoing psychotic attacks by leftist media never happened.  Also, are you suggesting that calling him out for supporting white supremacists is a psychotic leftist attack?  I hope not.
Your talking about specific events, not all conservatives.   Democrats are in local control of most of urban  cities and they haven't don't much good in stopping the crime, lack of jobs, decent services.     Was Flint in the hands of conservative white politicians the entire time the water supply was becoming poisoned?   If so then Democrats must have a lot of conservative white folks in Detroit.  I was thinking parents of all colors and genders can share the same love for their own family and children.   The common thread is the child's need for safety, security, acceptance and love, to be healthy.      We need to know what we share Charles, find those threads that ties us together.,  Good point on the interpretation of the second ammendment.    How long would a black man last walking through a suburban mall with his gun displayed.    How long would a white guy with a handgun last walking through East St. Louis at midnight on a Saturday night.     Thread: Both sides can hate.
New poll released today: 68% of Republicans agree with Trump. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/americans-divided-over-trumps-response-to-charlottesville-cbs-news-poll/  The Failing New York Times now admits that Trump was right, some of the people protesting against the statue removal were regular folks, not Nazi's or white supremacists.  As usual, the Fake News simply cannot stick to the facts when it comes to Trump.
EN,  Trump appeals to far more folks than "white nationalists".  Democrats look silly when they make statements such as yours.  It takes virtually no effort to disprove that kind of rhetoric.  From the "Atlanta Journal-Constitution  "AJC poll: 5 percent of black Georgia voters support Donald Trump"  http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2016/08/14/ajc-poll-5-percent-of-black-georgia-voters-support-donald-trump/  If I were a democrat, I would be worried; the popular vote doesn't elect presidents, the electoral college does and Trump is rising in the battle ground states.  My advice (I have to laugh at that!), do everything possible to get Gary Johnson in the debates, he seems to be pulling Trump votes more than Clinton votes.  But that could be a double edged sword.
The only white males honored by liberals are Slick Willy Clinton, Ted Kennedy and Neil Goldschmidt.
Do you have this whole spiel ready for copy and paste on every ADN article? Because I've seen you post it a few times. I'm not sure if you're anti-racism or just anti-white, but just so you're aware the definition of racism is:  the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races.  You seem to believe all white people are evil.
Bill, re BLM, do we object to pink ribbons against breast cancer, saying "all cancers matter?" Do we object to anti-cancer campaigning, saying "all deaths matter? Do we object to campaigns against drunk driving, saying "all traffic deaths matter?" All of those are the same logic as "all lives matter." Of course all lives matter and BLM isn't saying they don't. BLM is calling out endemic imbalance that has reasonable black people fearing police way more than reasonable white people do. Anybody who has seen cellphone videos showing bad police behavior victimizing black people should sympathize with BLM. Resist the trappings of injustice wherever they appear.
there shouldn't be "white" interests or "black" interests but American interests.  It is an American interest to limit immigration to the needs of our nation, not the needs of the immigrant regardless of that immigrants race.
Well there are a couple things going on here. First is deflection. Trump hasn't accomplished much so, it's an easy target. Second, Trump could never buy an NFL team because he's not financially capable and, he's not capable of running a sports team. He tried to run , and failed with an USFL team and the NFL board of governors wouldn't let him near a team.  Third, Trump has thrown some red meat to his base. Again. With a disproportionate amount of black athletes in the NFL and NBA Trump forgot why Kapernick knelt in the first place. It had nothing to with the flag. Young black men were shot and killed by white police.  Trump needs to learn how to govern. He won the election and he's wasting time and energy continuing to campaign. Puerto Rico and North Korea are his current priorities.
I'm glad the shooter was not any kind of minority. Hopefully, there will be no revenge killings of random minorities because of this mass shooting. The only folks that will benefit from the mass shooting are the usual beneficiaries, the guns and ammo industry. Sales had been lagging since the election of Trump. Sales always spike after a mass shooting. The NRA has been silent. There is nothing they can say to make a better out come for the industry they lobby for. They have a great business model for a country where all lives don't matter. This was just another day in the USA. Dare we say there may be something to learn about the white American culture of gun violence in this event? I'm sure the NRA will fight any and all such research, if their past is prologue.
Interesting that the DP failed to tell the entire story.  Saying black men are shot disproportionately to white men is a totally misleading statement and is intended to inflame those wo believe white people have privilege. This story is a perfect example of how the media stokes the flames of racial hatred by intentionally failing to disclose the most important fact....the percentage of black male deaths inflicted by other black males.
As an old white and somewhat dead white man I seem to be, as usual, a maligned class that should not be appreciated.  This is 2017 for goodness sake, women comprise most university graduates and are by far the largest group of new professionals,  why does this article push the stereotype of them as less competent and needing support?  Perhaps it is a group of young professionals who I have not met yet as, I work with many young female professionals in my industry who are as or in some cases more aggressive in business than their male counterparts?  Am I missing something because the proposed initiative seems to perpetuate the stereotype?
Oh yes, straight white males are God's gift to humanity.  Too bad you can't birth yourselves.
ALL of those things are worth taking a knee for. Thank you for supporting the “take a knee” side. In a country as “great” as Amerikkka is, isn’t it shameful that all of these social ills predominantly and disproportionately plague non-“white” communities?  I’ll wait for your answer. (Pssst—the dictionary is on the shelf!)
Don't know where this come but "become white"?
Considering that all of the prosperity of the United States, beginning with its very creation, was the result of white males, I don't understand the uproar.  The country only started to tank when laws were made to promote women and minorities without cause to do so, starting in the 1960s.
From West Virginia to Michigan and every other state, people are rising up against a Congress and a White House that wants to codify economic inequality and structural racism through the federal budget. We are rising up against a government that wants to steal the dreams of Dreamers and the hopes of millions of other people who want the federal government to be at their side, not in the pockets of the 1 percent. We will be mobilized against this budget, and mobilized for a budget that actually reflects the priorities of all of us, not just Trump and his gang of white nationalists and oligarchs.
The dog and cat eating "myth" was common in the 80's. Over time, we tend to remember the outline of what we had "heard" but few facts. As with most of these things, there is usually a grain of truth that gets emphasized. 1982 N.Y. Times: "...there has been growing resentment among some lower-income whites, as well as blacks and Hispanics, who feel that the refugees are taking jobs and housing that would otherwise go to them; and after some refugees admitted to news reporters that they often ate dogs and cats in their native lands, they are blamed whenever a nonrefugee family's pet disappears."  I asked a friend who had managed housing with Asian immigrants. Many had never seen a range top or oven. He said a few tried to make a fire on the top of them. I am sure they only tried it a few times. In a land of diverse lifestyles, what is "our culture"?  Isn't it at least the effort to accept other cultural norms: Atheist, Christian, Jew, liberal, conservative, green, consumer, media, etc.?
Given that your sources thus far have distorted and misrepresented Sanger's statements, and given your self-described rejection of any text that does not conform to your ideological and theological convictions, I'm skeptical.  Source? Although I'm not particularly interested in pursuing this red herring. Even if I were to grant Sanger was a racist, so what? The analogy to the Confederacy and white supremacy is ridiculous. Planned Parenthood doesn't engage in eugenics, but the ideology of white supremacy is all too persistent.
Yes, of course they do. And that is a privilege for them. That's all my post said. The fact that Dr. Demento et al. can't even see the point where is defensive blindness.  The level of anger that some activists show, and the guilt and personal blame that they seem to want to dish out to white people is often off putting and counter productive. Nobody chooses their parents or their race.  But realizing being of a certain race does in a general sense confer some privilege shouldn't be a radical thought.
"The league is made up of wealthy conservative white owners who are offended that Colin Kaepernick would mount such a protest."  Why are they not offended by the other players who protested? TJ Ward and Brandon Marshall both knelt down during the anthem. Both will be starting for the Broncos in 2017 barring injury. The Little Guy
Steve Bannon's editor-in-Chief at Brietbart is a devout Orthodox Jew, their now-ex tech editor is as openly homosexual as they come, and Senator Tim Scott support both Jeff Sessions and Steve Bannon.   . ....which means either Steve Bannon is horrible at being a white supremacist, or he isn't one and you totally believe the fake news from a Leftist media conglomerate telling you to think he's one.
Wow, people sure don't like it when white privilege gets called out! As someone who has benefitted from white privilege all my life, may I indeed listen with an open mind and an open heart when others express the ways they've been oppressed. May we all! And may we work to change those dynamics.
Walt,  This isn't about ideology.  Hate is not specific to your political views or mine.  Hate is used to produce fear, to pit people against each other.   I don't think being born out of wedlock makes you more likely to commit a crime.  It has more to do with family support and class.  How do you know "most children must be raised by the mother's only because the men are off impregnating other women"?   Since you believe this, why do you think this happens?   When you state that one race has an issue with another race (whites having problems with the behavior of blacks) that is prejudice and racist in nature.  People are inherently influenced by two factors, which typically is referred to as nature vs nurture.  This applies regardless of your ethnicity.    Have you seen the movie Trading Places with Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy.  It is a good example of nature vs nurture.
Of course they are. All these race baiting "white cop" headlines are stoking it.
We Mandans were often depicted as whites in early Hollywood movies.  That was not the real irritant though:  it was the lack of understanding of our culture and history.
Protecting the Earth's air, land, and water is important..but leadership is more important.   America has surrendered it's global leadership when it comes to climate..we are no longer even in the game..the same goes for free trade.. What does America even lead in anymore..?? White on white gun violence and crime..?  Finger-pointing and demagogue..?  Tariffs..?  Drug use and ignorance..? Our free elections are the only thing keeping us from 'banana republic' status...
I am saddened that the federal government is not willing to take a stand in court against this odious piece of legislation.  It is not even the entirety of Bill 62 that is at issue here, only the provisions clearly intended to stick it to the Muslim population.  Of course Muslim women feel apprehensive going outside in such a hostile environment.  I, as a middle-class white male, would feel apprehensive if such a law were targeted at me. '
I notice that the teacher is white.  Did she get her job due to white privilege?
Th;e debate over these statues of Confederate leaders is part of that battle.  Those who favor removing them realize they're symbols of racial oppression and see their removal as a step toward equality.  Those who favor their remaining in place also realize they're symbols of racial oppression and value their retention as a symbol of white supremacy/white nationalism.....Let's face it, the "battle lines" on this one on pretty clear.  When David Duke and the KKK are on one side, you will find me on the other....Study the issues, study the "players" and make your own decision who is "morally right."  Gary Crum
As an ex-Canadian MD in Spokane WA, the description of (the majority of) people in my practice who likely voted for Trump is very different than portrayed here (and voters opting for Republicans stretch from the coastal mountains to Minneapolis then south; much of this being "fly-over" territory) by who they would view as a typical peeved coastal liberal .  My patients are a mix of farmers, businesspeople, professionals & bluecollars, not rascist "white  trash" who felt the federal govt was totally disconnected from them and discordant to their interests; very disinterested in hearing from them except to send taxes.  Ironically many of the strongest supporters were women, despite Trump's words.  The option of possible changes in federal approach, with useless spending and choking regulation, TRUMPED a Hillary often seen as corrupt (since Arkansas in the opinion of many).  Few loved Trump but disliked and mistrusted Hillary  and a democrat theocracy so much they would vote for him.
Nobody on the democratic side of the aisle defends antifa...nobody...absolutely nobody. You and your fellow republicans who won't condemn nazis, racists and white supremacists without hiding behind this phony, false equivalency are justifying and defending racism. You have nothing to say that any decent person wants to hear...nothing.
Two more things, arising from comparing the actual newspaper with the online version. First, it carries a different headline: "Wasilla councilman poised to become first African-American senator from Mat-Su". I believe this online story originally carried a headline with the term "councilor", which normally refers to a lawyer; see where Verne Rupright in his comment makes the same mistake by using "Counsel" rather than "Council". Is it normal to refactor headlines like this? Second, the photo of Wilson on the bike trail carries a different caption, which reads "David Wilson says his age — 35 — is a bigger social hurdle for him than his race. However, rather than overt discrimination, he says, he sometimes encounters 'hidden, unseen racism' from being black in a mostly white place like the Mat-Su Borough". It's the first part that caught my attention, as the legislature has been the equivalent of an old folks' home for quite a number of years now.
I'd be careful with that one Jim.    There are lot's of reason to be proud of family, community, nation.     Just because the source is white.black, Christian, Muslim should make us assume that pride is associated only with that label.   Appreciating your writing, I don't think this is likely from you, but it happens.  But I think I know what you mean and I too hold nothing but contempt for people who assume superiority in the eyes of God, or Nature, only because of skin color.
Unless you have walked in the shoes (or the skin) of a minority (low income as well) it is difficult to understand the daily racism people deal with.  I have never been a minority race, but I have been a minority in other ways and it's very uncomfortable.  I can only imagine what it is like to be targeted by police because I am a young black man just going about my day trying to make it in a culture where I start off behind the starting line at birth.  The first time I recall being outraged by police violence on a black man was watching the video of Rodney King being beaten by several police while he was lying on the ground...and those police got off...just say; "I was in fear for my life" and they get off- even though the video clearly showed otherwise.  Until there is justice for ALL- there is no justice. Black lives MATTER and should be treated with the same respect as a wealthy white man.
He's not psychologically imbalanced like Trump is but he's intellectually deficient. Nevertheless, I say it's still worth impeaching Donny and then dealing with Pence. Problem is, there are only a handful of Republicans who aren't rabid fascists and even the moderates are spineless. Did you see Susan Collins defend Sessions? It's enough to make you lose your lunch it was so disgusting. Obviously, she's gone to the dark side. Or should I say the white-as-a-pointy-sheet side?
I've noticed there is no widespread rioting or looting. People in Texas, black, white, Hispanic are helping each other during this catastrophe.  Not bad for Trump supporters.
You've somehow missed the point, which is that white kids have more role models, like Isaac Newton or doctors as portrayed on TV.
Really, LotL?  You call Good Pope Francis an anti-pope, and you accuse others of black and white thinking?
Terrorism is when adjoining countries routinely lob missiles indiscriminately over your borders, with the intention of killing as many people as possible. Terrorism is when people from one nationality stab  innocent people of another nationality on the street with screwdrivers. Terrorism is when people from an adjoining country sneak into your country through tunnels and murder a sleeping mother and her 5 children because they are Jews and not Muslims. Terrorism is when suicide bombers blow themselves up in restaurants with the objective of killing as many people as possible. Terrorism is when someone drives a large vehicle towards innocent pedestrians or at bus shelters to indiscriminately kill people they've never met.   Building houses on disputed lands is not terrorism - Canada has built a country on lands whose title is disputed by its indigenous peoples.   Your hyperbole would perhaps be tempered if the subject of your derision were white Christians, and not Jews.
Because he is a white supremacist and a believer in eugenics.  He's a fellow traveler.
So Trump needs to condemn KKK and White Nationalists but when he does you don't believe him?  That says everything you need to know about the anti-Trumpers
The Boers were put in camps by Lord Kitchener (women and children), and the Jews in the Holocaust, and the millions killed by Stalin's purges. I believe they all would "count" as "white." Sadly I have visited Cambodia which during my lifetime a small group killed millions, and Africa in Rwanda where many hundred thousand were killed. I rather think that this lady is behaving badly and intemperately. Not to mention our own First Nations issues. Everyone needs to remember the truly horrible and not equate it with the morally repugnant.
A liberal newspaper writing a story about a "white" conservative that is meant to attack him for wanting to recognize all soldiers for their contribution regardless of race. Now had it only been one race that built the highway then giving them 100% credit for it would be befitting. It wasn't and it's wrong to ignore others because they are the correct race.  More feel good PC stuff that is meaningless and doesn't give the entire story. Just the parts they want you to feel guilty about.
The so-called "Southern Strategy" is a myth [lie] perpetuated by racist Democrats who are dripping with white guilt.  See for yourself here....  http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/10/magazine/10Section2b.t-4.html?mcubz=0
By some counts, courtesy of Google, there are 100,994,367 white men in America. Even more amazing, THEY ARE ALL ALIKE! They have had the same easy, breezy life oppressing the rest of us.  Here's some good news for you, Bnry: The suicide rate for white men is climbing. Can you dig it?  I bet you can. Let's go profile some white guys.
http://news.nationalpost.com/news/world/baltimore-police-bodycam-captures-drug-dealer-raising-silver-handgun-and-officer-shooting-him-dead  This is exactly what BML will not discuss with the media, white politicians or police.
There is just waaaaay too much going on between the lines in this story. Long story short, you now won't get suspended for assault. Unless you're white or Asian. Then you're totally getting suspended.
So please explain your comment "old white man style".  Does i have anything to do with race?  If so, how does that not equate to racism?  Are all old white men the same? Please share with us the wisdom behind your comment.
Agree Bart F. All the universities are running scared of anyone who makes any PC related allegation these days, no matter how unfounded they are (Mr Furlong's accuser, Ms Robinson, has a history of making unsubstantiated allegations against white men in positions of power - but thankfully she has now left BC, probably to fabricate stories elsewhere).  The bullies are unfortunately running the show.  Doesn't say much for the universities (aren't these people supposed to be smart, analytical people?). As an alumni, I am totally ashamed of UBC, and they won't be getting any donations from me.
> Legal US residents cant even get into Canada to vacation if they've had a DUI charge.  This is only partially true. And, a DUI conviction can also prevent one from entering the U.S. The bottom line is it's not so black-and-white as you would wish it to be regarding how much harder it supposedly is to enter Canada vs. the U.S.
Easy answer, Tom.....is that majority of the Americans in this nation are still white people and majority of Americans that do go to cultural exchange programs are white students.  Rest of us are still bit of a minority on these programs, eh? So generically, Americans tends be whites. It just way it is, Tom. Maybe some day, everyone would be a minority but I don't think white people would like that. Try living in Hawaii for a test drive.......
probably at the same time I will stop blaming every evil in the world on white males........when white males STOP making headlines.  It's just that simple Jimmy
Almost without exception today the Confederate Flag is waved as a symbol of White Supremacy and a celebration of racism.  To me it's little different from waving a "hagman's noose" to celebrate the history of racist lynching in America.  If you feel racism should be openly celebrated without being confronted we have a very different opinion.  Confronting racism is not "fanning the flames of hate", it is openly opposing the "flames of hate."  quite a difference.  Gary Crum
The problems of urban or rural poverty are very real, but have little to do with race per se.  The poor Appalachian white is disadvantaged for complex reasons, just as the kid in a US ghetto, but blaming black poverty on "white male privilege" gets us nowhere, and in fact distracts from the real issues.
Why do white men like you give a pass to the the white men that hire the illegal labor? You are quite happy to see those brown people killed by the police, yet you protect their employers. I suspect that the majority of white folks in this country care much more about being white than being American.
Our "foundational creed" is based on hypocrisy. Thomas, (all men are created equal) Jefferson did not think that Indians or black men are equal to white men. He certainly didn't think that women are equal to men. Brooks should read the third verse of the anthem which rejoices in the killing of the escaped slaves who joined with the British to fight against the government that allowed them to be enslaved.
It's not just Trump's legacy that will remain: Trump isn't going away anytime soon.  If he wins, he takes Steve Bannon to the White House and begins his attempt to dismantle constitutional government and implement the white supremacy and nationalism that Bannon has been championing his entire adult life. If Trump loses, the Bannon/Trump machine will wreak as much havoc on the government and people of the United States as they can. They will attempt to delegitimize the president (they're attempting to do that preemptively now); failing that, they will try to impeach her; and either way they will continue to make common cause and mischief with Putin and other enemies of the American people and way of life. Trump is a fascist; I don't think there's much dispute about that anymore.  His contempt for constitutional government and for the rule of law has been on display throughout the campaign.  I don't think, five years from now, that anyone will be able to say, "I didn't know."
Give them a little credit-at least they're publishing an article that acknowledges the 900lb elephant in the room and what anyone who follows crimes stats and info has long known-blacks (and hispanics) are far more likely to commit and be victims of homicides than whites.  Now, if you want to follow a real example of crime journalism, check out the LA Times' Homicide Report. The Denver Post could learn a thing or two. 'Course, facts are inconvenient things to some.
I have already explained that you have no need to "feel guilty just because [you] happen to be white". I have not mentioned "fear", in any of my replies to you. It is only you who have used that word, Mike.  So I have no idea why you should say "As far as fear, give me a break". Did you feel that your original question needed to be clarified?
It's not truth. It is more of his "it's the white man's fault" malarkey.
It's well established that in most health measures, African Americans have worse outcomes than whites. Study after study has shown that blacks are more likely to be diagnosed with health conditions like diabetes, high blood pressure and asthma and are also more likely to die from cancer, stroke and heart disease. The disparities have been largely attributed to socioeconomic differences and unequal access to quality health care. Now a study (2016) published this month in the American Heart Association journal Circulation suggests that if all patients get the same care, these health differences disappear, and in fact, African Americans fare better than whites.   In order to keep a job, black workers also must meet a higher bar. Only in instances where black workers are monitored and displayed a significantly higher skill level than their white counterparts would they stand a significant chance of keeping their jobs for a while, the researchers found.
Just another "get rid of white people" social engineering scheme that backfired.
And the Republicans do stuff for the little guy? With tax cuts for the wealthy, and no healthcare for the poor?  The reason the Republicans win is easy. Race baiting. Create massive fear about minorities, and poorer whites will vote against their own self interest.
Ah...Gigi.....Alcan was initially an all white effort. However, manpower shortage required reinforcement and four black engineer regiments were sent in 1942. It took no act of Congress, just desperate war time effort to finished the road on time. Jim Crow existed in civilian sector and in the military sector. 75th Anniversary of the Alcan that we celebrate today are due to these black regiments. Sure they were not accorded fair treatment nor got good as the whites. But in most modern texts, their contribution are clearly stated and I am well read on subject and all the books I read, speak of the contribution of the blacks. But they were only 33.5% of the total work force. They were part of the team, not the team itself. Honoring just one third of the team, is just creating a racial divide that shouldn't have happened in the first place. Two wrongs don't make anything right.
Indeed we have no culture that is why we need so many immigrants. So us white people can steal theirs.
How about the tolerance shown to us poor white folk who have not done anything charged or the behaviour of the populations in those countries to themselves where the leavers of those countries come here and blame and accuse? Please stop talking about the past and try to make things better. If you try hard you will see many of your kindred spirits are already doing that.  And that is how you build a country.
No, we aren't.  All race issues in the US are set at the feet of whites, as if it's solely our problem to "fix."
And Sheldon doesn't have a vandalism problem that risk life?  And Sheldon doesn't have its own problems with sexual abuses by its wealthier, mostly white student body?     All families face a measure of risk raising our kids.   The intersection stinks but Coburg is one of the most congested streets in the city.  Let's face it, its white flight for many of the families.  Racism/cultural bias  has created this new/old state of Seperate and NOT Equal in a public institution.  It's shameful.    Both white liberals and conservatives are running away when injustice has a real impact on their own families.     Equal opportunity is a cruel myth for American children.    Proud to be a Highlander.
So Hillary is blaming Weiners texting for her loss now? I thought it was misogyny, white males and the Russians ! My goodness.
Yeah, a lot of focus on white people celebrating (dancing, drinking, fireworks, etc.) and we see a lot of teeth gnashing and hair pulling over the treatment of indigenous persons, but we have totally turned our backs on the Syrian refugees. They have just so recently arrived on our shores, innocent of the appalling treatment of First Nations, and desperate to integrate into this nation, yet they have been totally ignored through this entire Canada 150 event. It has become an exclusive celebration. Looking from the outside and forgotten, Syrian refugees must be wondering when will Canada really accept them into the fabric of this nation, how long will they be considered outsiders?   They are here to stay; they are not just visiting Canada!
Boston Blocks Free Speech Rally, Tells Organizers: We Don't Want You Here   “Boston does not welcome you here, Boston does not want you here, Boston rejects your message,” Mayor Marty Walsh said. “We’ll do anything in our power to keep hate out of our city.”   The Boston Free Speech rally was organized by a group that claims to be different than the white supremacists who organized a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia last weekend that ended in deadly violence, despite having similar speakers and supporters.
Low IQ White Trash.   No sympathy.    Still waiting for WaPo exposé on the more "statistically relevant" gun crimes in the Democrat run  "gun free" paradise of Chicago.  Like so many other spoon-fed press releases they regurgitate, the story almost writes itself.    I hear 700 dead in 2016 ChiTown...and crickets from the MSM.    Don't take my word for it:   http://heyjackass.com
Maybe some commenters here don't know this. Maybe the POTUS doesn't know this. White supremacists have a horrific record of crimes committed against people of color in this country. The fact that Trump will take to Twitter to criticize Kenneth Frazier but not to denounce white nationalists tells you everything you need to know about where he stands on civil rights in the United States.
Most of America is interested in overthrowing this disaster of a president. The issue wasn't simply that Trump didn't *condemn* white supremacists, it's that he *complimented* them.
Do you make speeches and tweets about spreading diseases on food like the flies always do? Do you  retweet the flies' tweets? Do you live in a segregated neighborhood because of guys like Donald Trump who were busted by two different Departments of Justice for repeatedly committing anti-black housing discrimination? Is your neighborhood as segregated and hostile to black Americans as Trump's Queens apartments?  If the answer to those questions is no, then your analogy is false. Trump is proactively spreading the KKK's message. Trump and Koback and Republicans all over the nation are proactively trying to suppress black and Latino and Asian voters which was a KKK tactic since the end of Reconstruction. Trump is the white nationalist darling for a reason. There is a reason the white nationalists are trying to Unite the Right and not the left.   Too bad you don't spend as much energy trying to repel the flies from your BBQ as you spend chastising people who point out your fly infestation.
The laundry list in no particular order of who contributed to Hillary's loss grows by the day. We have, so far at a minimum:  Russians Comey Bernie Bill ( yes, Bill Clinton, google it ) Trump ( for bringing the deplorables out of the woodwork) Jill Stein White working class ( racists and misogynists all ) Blacks ( not enough turned out compared to Obama) The major media( too much air time to Trump ) Democrats ( too many stayed home or voted third party ) The Electoral College Unions ( Trump only lost them by 8% overall) [fill in the blank]  And now Dowd. Left off the list is Hillary herself, the innocent that she is. At the end of the day the only question that will be left to political historians to decipher is, who DIDN'T cost Hillary the election.
Catholics are no longer 25%. According to PRRI (9/22/16) 20.9% of Americans identify as Catholics. Among all registered voters:  white Catholic 13%, Hispanic Catholic 5%, other Catholic 2% - total 20%. (Pew Forum 7/13/2016)
Being native means never being wrong.  He only speaks with people who agree with him so he never actually has to be logical or coherent. Everybody he talks to, all natives and white people, politicians, media,  band councils and AFN  nod  in agreement with everything he says, because nobody ever says, "Yes  but..."  or "I'm sorry but..." .
Yet again you miss the point.  At least you are consistent in that regard.  Throughout the War Yank troops venerated the terrorist Brown who murdered Southerners.  "... to build a nation whereby all men (not just white men) are created equal..."  Right.  That's why the racist Lincoln wanted to deport most blacks.  Have you been taking your meds, Al?  The Yanks loved slavery any time they could make a buck.  Witness the New England slave traders.    If ranting helps you Al, keep at it.  You still have not come to grips with the war criminal, Sheridan, and the other Yanks who committed war crimes against the Sioux and Southerners.
"Once you accept the faulty thesis that Canada is 'too white' and needs more diversity"...this is the very essence of the so-called "Kalergi plan" - just google Richard Nikolaus Eijiro, Count of Coudenhove-Kalergi. Quote from Wikipedia: "In his book Praktischer Idealismus (Practical Idealism), written in 1925, he describes the future of Jews in Europe and of european racial composition with the following words:[45]  "The man of the future will be of mixed race. Today's races and classes will gradually disappear owing to the vanishing of space, time, and prejudice. The Eurasian-Negroid race of the future, similar in its appearance to the Ancient Egyptians, will replace the diversity of peoples with a diversity of individuals." Coming to Canada soon?
To see if it fair or not,,,,,,question is...when white Americans go to cultural exchange program like this to China or Serbia, are they making beds too??
Hey, focus. We're talking about angsty white boys who can't seem to figure out how to grow the hell up.
Read it again Wavemaker.  Paragraph 5; blaming the white man for their ills.  And I explained what "unreliable" meant.  Read.  Don't gloss over in rush to comment.
That's what I enjoy about Brooks, he has a broad view of life and politics isn't always at the center of it.   And even while politics may be the topic, he reminds us that human being are far more than just political animals.      I do not know, but suspect, that Mr. Brooks looks for things that are common to all people, not just for those thing that divide us into say political, religious, racial, religious groupings.      I think he moves comfortably between groups because he genuinely likes most people or at the very least finds them interesting.     Of course it makes some people angry that Brooks can't be clearly labeled.   *Some people live in a black and white world and any variation challenges their life of absolute certainty.
I am sorry there is still racial bias and inequality in our nation, BUT, we have come so far and are moving the needle each and every day. It is NOT something that can be solved in a blink of an eye, but, we are, until lately, moving forward.  I look forward to the day when each and every person, whether man or woman, white or black, Christian or Muslim, gay or straight can each be considered equal. Till then, we need to bring our country together with our flag of freedom and use it to bring our country together and not to be used to divide it. Respect one another-Respect the flag.
What a nightmare for those of us born c. late 40's to late 50's ... black or white (the two colours cited being more or less valid at the time of the generation's formative years - whereas more flavours, again generally speaking, are around now).  All we believed in, some of us fought for ... trashed in favour of a new form of racism.  I'm glad my black friend/mentor, who grew up black in Chicago in the 40/50's, is not around to see how his adopted country of Canada/Ontario turned out.  He would be horrified, as we both were as we watched this develop.  This will not have a happy ending for anyone, despite all the squishy good intentions.
Ah yes, the "intelligence and core American values of our rural folks," who claim "everyone looks out for each other.” When the truth is that rural folks only look out for each other if they are white and Christian, but think (incorrectly) immigrants and racial minorities get an unfair share of benefits and are cheating the system.
Let's see, he has no denounced the white supremacists three times in the last week.  And yet the fake news media says he has no intention of denouncing them.  Maybe the alt-right = white supremacists.  I dont know.  The narrative changes with this media daily.
After the terrorist attack in Edmonton, where a Somali migrant with an ISIS flag mowed down a policeman with his car, and then stabbed him, and then later rammed four pedestrians with a U-Haul, Justin Trudeau made an official statement saying that we all need to embrace diversity.   But then he doubled down, reposting a Facebook post by Maryam Monsef that said “End White Supremacy.”
I understand how being lumped in with white nationalists when you are not is unjust. Consider the source. One of the big reasons Hillary Clinton lost is because she vilified half of the country. But the tone-deafness continues. Dems are still seething over losing the election. Leftists (and that does not include all liberals or progressives) are licking their chops over this, and it is sad. Left news media is raking in. There is a great deal of hypocrisy. But this driver was not Antifa. That was disproved, it looks like the car was pre-owned by someone identified as a Sanders supporter, but the car was sold and legally repurchased by this man who drove into the crowd. And he has marched with a white nationalist group who has claimed he is not one of them. But whether he had a "membership" or not, he IS one of them. All we can do is condemn him. If he was being attacked he knew where he was and what he was doing. He was wrong and he will pay. Sadly, so do many others on both "sides".
OK. Even assuming I made it up, which I didn't, is it really your twin positions that there's no racism in the Mat-Su, and the treatment Wilson has gotten since he "overturned the apple cart" would've been the same if he were white?
You can't make this stuff up.  During today's White House press briefing there was an exchange between African-American journalist April Ryan and Sarah Huckabee Sanders, in which Ryan asserted that the protests were about racial injustice and Sanders said the protests were about the flag.   Sanders ended the exchange by saying, “I don’t think there’s much to clarify — it’s pretty black and white.”
(sarcasm) Yeah, obviously there is no way that many women could possible be qualified! We all know white men are innately more qualified, at everything. (sarcasm)  Signed, A white male.
The US Catholic Church is split: The majority of the money comes from a small group of rich white men like Carl Anderson and Tom Monaghan. But the majority of the pews are filled with non-rich, non-white mostly-women. This is also increasingly the image of the global Church.  The president of the USCCB has to emphasize things the two sides agree on: abortion, birth control, the rosary, Mary. He has to avoid things they disagree on: non-Catholic refugees, welfare, minimum wage, police brutality, pedophile priests.  Rotten job. Bet Kurtz is glad to be rid of it.
Comments and protests are a good way to create change. But citizens against this Make America White Again movement within the GOP camp, and endorsed by the current president, must show up in 2018 and 2020 to vote out anyone who fails to condemn this fear-based, white nationalist movement. Yup, looks like it with be up to us, the people, to defend our democratic republic and restore America's dignity. That's what made America great in the first place. See you at the polls.
It's noteworthy that a soi-disant historian would not comment on the effort of the left-wing, lying globalist MSM, academia, local & state governments to erase historical monuments which became politically-incorrect in a period of days after they had stood virtually unnoticed for decades.  Two groups of extremists: one right-wing and the other left-wing met in Charlottesville, each determined to beat the other senseless.  McAuliffe and the ultra-liberal town council ordered the police to stand down initially; mayhem ensued.  A particularly despicable white supremacist plowed his car into a left-wing group, injuring many and murdering Heather Heyer, who was, by all accounts, a very nice young woman.  'All Rebel monuments must come down!' is now the left-wing battle cry.  President Trump stated:  "Is it George Washington next week, and is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? ... you really have to ask yourself, where does it stop?"  Indeed, where does it stop, Ms Limerick?
Seems fewer folks are watching NFL these last few weeks. Lots of white supremacists out there I guess. They don't mind black men if they're entertaining them on a sports field.  Couldn't imagine American or Canadian hockey fans choosing to not watch the NHL games for a similar reason. But the NHL and the G & M are clearly worried about those TV revenues.
Trump still would’ve won. Biden running on same failed platform. ALL Dems forgot about the working white class.
Ebes, you obviously didn't do much research.  If you had, you would have seen everything I wrote.  The white noise you refer to is the source of all your information.  You and other far right-wingers have made a deal with a moral and intellectual cretin.  Don't expect us to buy the nonsense you peddle.
Poor parents, struggling to survive, are hard pressed to prepare their children for school or support them once they get there. I was raised in a family that went back and forth between working-class and poor, but was fortunate that my parents were readers, so I picked up the habit.   But not everyone is able to do that. A friend, who like me has a BA in sociology, had some kind of learning disability and found reading difficult. She is above average in intelligence but still does not read a lot, because for her it's work. For me it's play. I'm sure it's a difference in brain structure, that we were born with.  So many black families don't have resident fathers because women do not want to marry men who can't make an adequate living. I'm sure the same is true for poor whites. The problem is economic, not cultural.  And yes, it does make a difference whether we adequately fund schools.
If you read the article, there were no threats made by white supremacists. Mrs. Piou, representing the asylum seekers, stated that it was "stigmatizing" to ask the asylum seekers to congregate to pick up their cheques and that they should not be put in the "spotlight".  Then for good measure, she threw in that "people with right wing tendencies might disrupt it", without providing any credible evidence that there was anything planned.  At least this story is a little tamer than what was reported on Montreal's CJAD yesterday. CJAD had reported that multiple groups were planning to demonstrate at the Palais de Congress, without giving one single example.
"In response to these statistics, critics of police reform — often political conservatives and police unions — typically argue that the reason more black men and women are shot and killed by police is that black Americans commit more violent crime….  According to FBI numbers from 2014, about 90 percent of black homicide victims were killed by other black people. The “white-on-white” murder rate that same year — homicides in which a white person was killed by another white person — was 82 percent of all murders of white people….  Despite these arguments, police reform advocates and researchers as well at The Post’s own analysis has consistently concluded that there is no correlation between violent crime and who is killed by police officers…."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.53081bf41648
A skinny white man in desperate need of a smoke.
If you want to split hairs, the same is true for the nazis and white supremacists. Your rule would prohibit anyone from being able to join the protests unless their name was on the permit application. But unless you've read it and can honestly say that the application was not made for "and friends" then your interpretation is bogus.
"White silence kills"         What does that even mean?
Hey, I've got an idea. If you want to displace the idea that major achievements in world history are exclusively white or European products, try actually teaching the history of world civilizations, including world literature and philosophy and art, ancient and modern,  not omitting western history and its artistic and intellectual achievements, but from exclusively it and its achievements. However, that would require  teachers who actually know something other than pop sociology. Oh, so much for that idea.
Those same italians and ukrainians, hungarians, poles and austrians that were interned by canada during ww1.....wait could it be....more white male immigrants treated as pows!    Seriously these sjws need to learn some history and context....
I really appreciate your response, Bill. Each one of us has a different life experience that colors our perspective of reality.    What you experience as a white man, versus what I experience as a gay white woman, versus what a person of color experiences creates completely different realities that we are all forced to move through.    It can be easy to discount another's experience when we have not ever had to walk in their shoes.    For these reasons I understand why you as a white man may not have total understanding for why the black lives matter movement is so important.  I really wish that you had stuck around and listened to the passionate young people who spoke out against hatred and violence yesterday. I really think you would have found something in their words that you would've identified with.    I wish you were there to hear the trembling words of an elderly African-American man tell us how the N-word was recently spray-painted on his house in South Eugene.
Here again a journalist with zip, zero, knowledge of American History. Western values is white nationalism. Code for racist, sexist, homophobia, bigoted.  No Western values is what has made America exceptional. Not because Americans are necessary exceptional, but because our Founding was exceptional. Before American the majority of people live under different forms of government tyanny. Freedom of the People has allowed America to surpass the rest of the world, in the short time since the Founding.   How can Western value be white nationalism, if as the left and the Washington Post tells us that the country is a country of immigrants?
It's certainly a good thing that this letter was written.  However,  I find it curious that it was not written far sooner -- during the the election campaign, as a matter of fact.  If Christian leaders had been leading their flocks, surely, so many white Christians (including white Catholics) would not have voted for the man who has unequivocally shown himself to be a white supremacist.  I think that, to be intellectually and spiritually honest, any such letter ought to contain an acknowledgment of the fact that white Christians are responsible for the man who now sits in the chair of the President of the US.
PS: we're seeing increased promotion of state-sponsored murder. I suspect this will continue to increase as more and more people become desperate, and desperately angry.  Serial-murderer Chris Kyle justified shooting Iraqi children from rooftops by saying "It's fun." Got away with it, too--as far as the criminal system was concerned (the term "justice" does not apply). Took one of his own to give him his just desserts.  I believe, as American society once again openly and un-apologetically embraces and proclaims its fundamentally white supremacist character, you'll hear such justifications from cops as well. They've said as much via emails already.  Our criminal mis-leaders and their thugs commit atrocities abroad and in our occupied ghettos daily. A US governor deliberately lead-poisoned an entire city's children and went unpunished. The horrors the US visited on Vietnam, Panama, Afghanistan, Iraq and worse will ultimately be inflicted on us by our own "leaders."
Eh.  How does one "kneel against" one's countrymen?  I'd say that those who shrug their shoulders in indifference at state-sponsored murder of their countrymen have done FAR more harm to the 'social fabric'.  Clearly Mr. Kaepernick understands far more than you ever will that badge-wearing klansmen don't check banks statements or run DNA tests for "whiteness" in deciding who they want to use for target practice.  All it takes is a "sun-tan", and Kaepernick has enough of one to qualify as a target in their eyes.  And cops talk about their ghetto patrols PRECISELY in terms of target practice.  Fact is you don't have to worry about your granddaughter being shot in the head, in her SLEEP, by a white cop showing off for "reality TV", your claims of "Indian ancestry" notwithstanding.  I do.  All it takes is them kicking down the door of the wrong house.  And REAL North American "Indians" have to worry about it even more.
I've got an idea ...why don't you list which of my bullet items you think are lies and then I will prove to you they aren't?  I don't believe for a minute that urban uneducated blacks are doing better than rural whites. I take responsibility for all of my choices Charles and I personally have lost nothing except wasted tax dollars (and probably a really nice car stereo system)to black racism and my education is second to none in the world today with most of it taking place outside of the US, I have always succeeded on merit and had no need for affirmative action or Title 9.
Wow, it really is true!  I was just reading an article the other that was making an  argument (tongue in cheek) about white responses to things like this, and your comment reflects one that was on the list...its another version of Africans held slaves whenever the issue of slavery is raised...yikes, so much for thinking we're smarter than Americans. #spuriouscomparisons #falseequivalencies
Outsider:  White "pride" is, in fact, a demonstration of white supremacist beliefs, and an expression of racism....that's hardly a secret.  "Gay Pride" is the movement of the LGBT community coming out of the closet and refusing to continue being treated as second-class citizens.  It is NOT against anyone......the white supremacist movement is.  Indeed, there are Americans who refuse to be "controlled" and many of them are liberals.  Liberal thought, by definition, invites and supports the expression of divergent views.  You insist on using  antifa as a bludgeon to attack liberals.  the antifa movement with its tactics of violence and intimidation are NOT representative of liberal thought and action.  I believe in liberal values and welcome the opportunity to debate them with you anytime...open debate and discussion is, itself, central to those values.  Give me a call if you every want that discussion. Gary Crum
While attending college, I was accused of being a school shooter and reported to police as an Arab/Persian wanna-be extreamist with guns and drugs at my house and a long criminal record by a white female student who was "creeping" my Facebook account months after I'd removed her.  My post of altered lyrics critical of Barrie was offensive to her which she reported to police as a threat to shoot people. Within hours, I was arrested on site as I attended class that evening, I spent the next 2 months in jail. No gun evidence or drug evidence were recovered, a CPIC showed I had no criminal record and I'm not even Arab/Persian.  I was convicted of possession of a firearm for having my uncle take a Facebook photo of me holding his legally owned registered firearm the day he took me to a shooting range, roughly 5 months previous to my arrest. Even though I never had a gun or drugs or ever been convicted of a previous criminal offence, it didn't matter. The Law isn't colour blind, that it sees
The plains were semi-arid before whites got there.
Big shocker. The triggered snowflakes that voted for tRump often talked about "white genocide" and were supposedly motivated by "economic anxiety".    I'm simply amazed that their narrative doesn't hold up.
The fact does remain though, given the state of historical migration from Africa to North America since the slave trade was abolished and enforced- by white Brits pressed into service in the British Royal Navy in its own form of slavery no less, that if you're speaking to a black person in North America today, theres as good a chance that you're speaking to somebody whos descendants took and sold slaves as there is their descendants were sold as slaves. Pure semantics on the flag issue I know but these are the sorts of uncomfortable realities that cant be denied.
Your praise and love for your wife is heartwarming and laudable. The heated comments from other viewpoints can be a challenge to good intentions for many commenters. May wife is hapa haole (half white) making all of our descendants part haole. Racist comments are not welcomed in our homes, about any race be it from the color of the rainbow or not. Anger over past injustices fuel native Hawaiian Racist comments. We know this as does the world for these issues are present for all natives in America. Give Hawaiian lands back to the natives.  Success or failure will then be in their hands and not dictated by others.  Thank you for your post and best wishes to you and your island girl.
So in other words you condone what is happening to ALL of the statues across the nation, including the lincoln memorial?  You like it when people go onto private property to deface and remove statues?   You agreed with ESPN removing Robert Lee from UVa football games?  You have claimed in the past to be pro-free speech.   The removal of the removal of these statues is anti-free speech.    To me, memorials to Harvey Milk  and Stonewall Inn are memorials to hate and perversion and the rainbow flag is a hateful usurpation of a wonderful symbol, why can I not have them all removed?   Why is it only one form of hate that gets removed?   Why do we celebrate black racism and condemn white racism?  You do know that the slaves were handed to the slavers by other Africans, do you not?  That it was not just Europeans that were part of the slavery equation?
What do you mean with " antisemites " ..... according to history semites have an olive or dark skin and hail from the Middle East or Africa .... how comes that all political leaders of the Nation of Israel have white skin as well as caucasian, slavic and facial features. Can we call them and/or are they Semites ? What happened in history have I missed. Can anybody enlighten me please.  Thank you
This used to happen to me on Guam too. It is an anti-haole racist stance of Pacific people's against anyone with white-skin. Try substituting "pidgin" with Chamorro (the language of the people of Guam) in Conklin's assessment: Watch what happens if a person from the continental 48 states comes to live on Guam and, having picked up some Chamorro, actually uses Chamorro while speaking with a Chamorro. Even if the "statesider" has lived on Guam for many years and speaks Chamorro correctly, his use of Chamorro is not only ridiculed  -- especially if the "statesider" has white skin. In most parts of the world local people are pleased when visitors or longtime foreign residents speak the local language. Even if a foreigner speaks the local language incorrectly, the locals encourage him and take it as a sign of his respect for them that he is trying to assimilate. But not on Guam, not with Chamorro and especially not with "Euro-American" Chamorro-speakers.
Neko, I I feel the same. But they keep coming and coming.  I used to have to go to a completely different part of town, if I wanted to behold them and their strange ways, (which I don't much, but for some reason that's where all the groceries and banks and etc. are kept.) But now we've got sweet-faced white ladies pushing fancy strollers up and down the block, with their dogs, they've all got these dressed-up little dogs.   I've got nothing against women and babies. And I guess dogs are OK, if you don't compare their lives with those of so many children. But when I hear about all these mass killings the men do, and see all the incitements to hate and global domination, it's deeply troubling. I'm sure some are OK, but we've got to sort out the rest. We need a more rigorous vetting system than merely arresting them after they commit their atrocities. Our priest gets so many death threats, we need security in the sanctuary.
Yes indeed, Webster.  And, like Timothy McVeigh, all the violence-promoting leaders of the KKK and all the Klansmen convicted of murders have been & are Christians.  And it's Christian extremists who've murdered OB-GYNs and still threaten Planned Parenthood workers & clients.  And it's Christian Americans who've burned down predominantly black churches and murdered children & other parishioners in them.  Even white Christian pastors in the South long condoned the evil of slavery (and Klan terrorists & lynchings even past the mid-20th century).  Like the Quran or any other mythology collection, the Bible offers so many tales and inconsistent messages from which devotees cherry-pick & interpret passages to suit their own desires or biases.  And hatefully deranged devotees will, of course, pick passages to misuse to try to 'justify' their violent intentions and actions.  For me, EVERY brand of religious zeal poses dangers to a civil society.
"the rise of white nationalism"  How do you know there's been any rise in "white nationalism". Please share.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.  Also think that JK Rowling should write a realistic ending to Harry Potter where Voldemort bombs Hogwarts into oblivion and installs Draco Malfoy as President of the Ministry of Magic.  Here's some other stuff to be learned from Cons.  Brexit... when things get tough, run away.  You too can grope women and not pay your taxes and still be POTUS as long as you're white, male and inherited alot of wealth,
I get it. Freedom of speech, but when your speech is hateful of someone else you should lose that freedom. e.g. get rid of all these White-Power, KKK, BLM, Black-Power, Pro-Asia, Chicano Moments. If these groups alienate another person based on their sex or skin. The shouldn't be able to protest or gather.  No more KKK meetings, no more Islamic Mosques where women have to be covered. America is a melting pot! Not a 7-layer dip.  Everyone has to give something up to contribute not just the majority giving to the minority.
...and let us not forget the American invasion of its neutral ally the Hawaiian Kingdom so that it could back a coup d'etat of a lawfully elected democratic government by group of about 30 white supremacist racists.   you people just like Trump supporters. lmfao ;P
Judy LaMarsh, the second female cabinet minister, wrote about the problem with being a female and dress. She said her clothes were always noted by the press and she had to wear a range of dresses or she'd be dissed by the media. Whereas a man might show up in the same grey suit day and day and nobody would notice.  What puzzles me about this article is that there's no picture of the pink dress. I often see Chrystia Freeland in a red dress, a black dress, and even a white dress with black piping, but I don't recall seeing her in pink.  And why do the Conservatives fuss so much over what Justin Trudeau wears? It really seems to upset them that he looks good in what he wears or doesn't wear. Clearly, dress matters to Conservatives more than it does to others. I'd like someone to explain to me why.
What just happened was that the BUSHiest of all BUSH Leagues proved itself to be largely a profit driven, inhuman one which is the domain of an almost exclusively white, wealthy clientele.  No one even cared when Cindy and his Flightless birds won the Cup (arguably contributed to by officials who somehow missed the call as a black player's head was repeatedly struck against the ice with an apparent malicious intent in the Finals) but all of a sudden the Lunkz heads are all over the Internet defending the poor timing with respect to their decision to get it into the tiny hands of a groper as a marketing ploy to claim superiority over leagues that handled this matter far more conscientiously.    What's even more laughable are their claims of being apolitical.  This is a disaster for the Neanderthal Headhunter League.  There's just no coming back from something like this.
Trump bears some culpability for fanning the flames of white supremacy throughout his campaign, giving the movement a voice in his white house, and not explicitly renouncing white supremacy.
From my son's friend in South Africa...  Guess what America??? It turns out that despite all your finger pointing, you have a real racism problem too, surprise! Having your first black president is hard! Addressing racism is hard! Just ask South Africa and every African country that's struggled through the transition from colonialism towards equality - yes, a part of that struggle is swinging the pendulum the other way - paying the price for your white privilege, and guess what else??? We (in South Africa) had to change our flags, abandon old flags, topple statues of slave owners, change street names, you name it, we've all been through it - paying our dues. Now it's your turn America. You voted King Donald in and he brought all this back to the surface, so now you have to deal with it like the free and brave people that you brag about being. Time to buck up and put your money where your mouth is.
Slutvomit is a terrible band and has no place attempting to play Black Metal. Black Metal is, and always has been music for whites, and Slutvomit is attempting to appropriate our music, if they indeed were pandering to Leftism by trying to make fun (ridiculous, as Leftists have no sense of humor) of white nationalist ideals, as they were quoted as saying in this article. They're certainly not anywhere near as respected as Varg/Burzum concerning Black Metal, so what makes them think that they can "make fun" of such an icon?   You Leftists are absolutely delusional in all aspects of life.
Here are a few of the highlights from the Monday evening March 14th City Council Meeting. Several Eugene residents which showed up prior to the meeting wishing to speak on the 'Sanctuary' issue left the area after listing to threats and what amounted to bigotry bolstered by political rhetoric aimed at white citizens. Lucy Vinis is as much a loser as Piercy was before her. Now the citizens can say for sure why Eugene was picked to film Aminal House.
It's not easy to have a discussion with someone who comments under the moniker 'Luvmuscle' but let me say -Yes, whites are involved with the Guptas and others, as is every other race... that guy at Trillian, Wood,  for example and of course their lawyer... and those from PR Agencies and the like. Many black people too it seems, largely in Government or SOE's. - but there are some high-powered prominent people of Indian heritage.... Essa, Singh, top management from SAP, McKinsey, as well as many within Government and the Gupta trading empire..... which seem to me to be disproportionate ..... this from just reading the Press. Don't play the 'race card' or be insulting.  You may be an Indian, or  Black, even White.... I don't care  unless you are a Gupta beneficiary!  -
The kids get their bigoted ideas from watching adults like most of the people posting here so far. They are learning that being white is their most valuable asset, and more important that being American. The President is a great tutor for these ideas. That allows them to disrespect anyone they fear and hate. Soon they will be grabbing girls by their genitals to show off their white male powers. Of course, they will have easy access to guns soon. Shooting people will be much more fun than painting threats. We have not had a good school mass shooting in a while. Only in America are domestic terrorists allowed to walk around in public armed. Instead we profile unarmed minorities. Doesn't N. Eugene H.S. have the largest percentage of poor white kids in 4J. They will make great recruits for the GOP. They already have learned the core Republican values of fear, hate, and resentment of anyone different and or doing better than them.
Whites are victims of homicide committed by other whites 90% of the time. A person is more likely to be killed by a person they know, than by a stranger.  So I would imagine black people know more black people than they due white people, and the same could be said for white people.  So protesting Black on black crime is no more necessary than protesting white on white crime. And police officers are killed more often by white assailants than by any other race.
White media Eyebrows are raising over Oakbay decision of selling Tegeta bcoz they know it can be a milestone for Black Economic Empowerment.
When you talk about white monopoly capital after being in power for more than 20 years, you are talking about your own weakness to effect transformation. You are sending your kids to white schools instead of fixing white schools. You ard talking about white monopoly capital instead of your failure to create black capital. That has nothing to do with white people. It has a lot to do with a black government that has failed bkack people. Biko said that if we want the right answers we need to ask the right questions. Mbalula is not asking the right questions. Trevor is involved in the wrong discussion.
And your point would be, what? We should all join the White Nationalists?
I think we should follow the Biblical principle - Do unto others as......  So how about the Africans doing the same to Europe for 500 years, as was done to them?You know, enslave the population, loot natural resources, rape local women at will, etc.   Then there will be no need for white guilt!
Why is he unwilling to denounce white nationalists and Nazis?
So much more learning and understanding is needed - the settler colonial mentality - then and now - is a combination of white racism AND Christian driven faithism ( not cultural bias or chauvinism alone ) - building such shared awareness and appreciation is critical to a shared future that is nation-to-nation, Indigenous rights based and Treaty informed !
Sweeney Todd, barnybubble has just clarified his comment.  He has just come out and called on all "white Anglo Saxon people" to join him.  Still defending him?
Because China and India are overpopulated, horrible to live in, and therefore their rich and poor alike want to leave and either bring their money here or work for very little pay here.    Western Europeans don't want to leave the most successful societies created by mankind to move to this mirror of all the world's worst that Canada is becoming.  (I'm neither from Western Europe nor of Germanic ancestry, but to deny their contributions to North America's success is like denying that African-American basketball and football players are not much better than white athletes, in general.)
He's denounced the KKK and other white supremacist groups many times, including the day of the Battle of Charlottesville and many times since. His language has been clear and unequivocal. The MSM is upset that he also called out violence brought to the situation by people opposed to the white supremacist groups.
What makes you say Caucasians are "non-diverse"? That couldn't be farther from the truth. White people are a minority.  Peter Thiel said it best when he stated that multiculturalism is about the destruction of the West and its civilization.  https://youtu.be/qTPOBEdc7OI
"Terrorism has a political, religious or social philosophy behind it with which gives the killer a sense of moral righteousness that is shared by others of the same philosophy."  A better way to put it is to say that a terrorist has a wanted future in terms political structure and political arrangements.   Think about two examples of white terrorists:  Quebec 1970s, separatists use kidnapping and murder as their terrorism tools, wanted future is separate Quebec.  Timothy McVeigh, Oklahoma City, he uses big bomb as terrorism tool, wanted future is shrinking government backing off on gun restrictions.  The word "terrorism" is silent on whether terrorism is an effective tool or not, for achieving the wanted future in question.  And the word terrorism is perfectly appropriate for the above white terrorists, just as it is perfectly appropriate for Islamist attacks in European cities.  As many have, one really has to question the columnist's motive, trying to re-define the word terrorism...
"This so-called 'president' is a disaster."  Why don't we give him an acronym, I think PINO works and the premise familiar- president in name only. No longer the president, instead, "the PINO went on another twitter tirade today."  "The PINO held another ring kissing ceremony for his cabinet."  "The PINO held another rally today for his sycophant followers, many of whom wore MAGA hats with white nationalist t-shirts."  "To an all white crowd this afternoon, PINO encouraged the chant, 'take our country back.'"
White privilege isn't something White people do; it's something they have whether they like it or not. I'm White, and I don't like it; I don't think it's fair, but I still know I have it, just like tall people and rich people have advantages. They didn't plan it that way, but they still benefit from it.
"Has "Christian" now become used as a term of ethnic identity, where if one is white and of European roots, one is deemed to be a Christian, whether or not one is an actual believer, or an atheist?"  Of course it has and why not.? People are identified by those who perceive themselves in the majority as such if they are Muslim, Catholic, Hindu, Irish, Italian, Chinese, etc. They've all been used to label individuals as a group to be hated.   Of course, history is filled with "Christian terrorists" (i.e. IRA, The Inquisition), but then the writers of history have also been generally Christian and thus, the lack of a cultural bent to so identify those who are essentially Christian Taliban.   ""The leader of genius must have the ability to make different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category." A. Hitler
Rep. Yvette Clarke, D-N.Y., mocked the decision as a victory for white supremacy. "That ‘reconciliation' was actually complicity by the North and the South to ignore the interests of African Americans and enforce white supremacy, effectively denying the result of the Civil War for generations,"  Wow. This woman needs therapy. And some history lessons.
Okay, well enjoy President tRump, just remember there are those of us who can not survive your rich white boy temper tantrum.
Ummmm, okay.  A week or so ago when I posted concern about the rise of white supremacists in the United States, I got a disagree from you.  Why was that?
"Democrats and liberals need to start by actually listening to rural Americans, and learning to love them, distinguishing between their bad information and their generally large hearts.."  Democrats have listened to rural voters, but rural (mostly white) voters are too busy being willfully seduced by Fox News and all the other right-wing lying liars on the airwaves. And it isn't their "big hearts" that draw them to Fox, to Rush, to Breitbart, to Alex Jones, and all the rest of the fake news crowd, it's their basest instincts that draw them to these people so they can feel superior to the "welfare queens" while collecting welfare themselves. It's also their various prejudices that get reinforced by these very same people. You can't fix that with any amount of listening and Democrats shouldn't even try because it's pointless. I don't think there's much that can be done to help people who allow themselves to be duped. The country will need to hit rock bottom first. We're almost there now.
Short answer: they cannot.  A case in point: 'Bishop DiLorenzo in his statement. "I pray that those men and women on both sides can talk and seek solutions to their differences respectfully."'  Either DiLorenzo  is incapable of grasping Charlottesville's reality: white supremacist nazis v. those who oppose them; or he was knowingly spewing nonsense.  Either way, bishops who think or talk this way cannot grasp the enormity of their sin, let alone their responsibility for redress.  Trump is theirs.  They own him.
Learn history kid! Your one of the many reasons why there isn't such a race issue, it's pathetic. And you know what's crazy is im not even white but I have no problem with someone having or posing or flying a confederate flag
Why? They're only being true to their 'flagging numbers' as you put it. And those flagging numbers probably only exist in the 'white' community.
Yep.  It would be national news if white folks duct taped and dragged a Native to a plane.
Albertans are regularly depicted as racist White Supremacists in this paper...
I think this person was alluding to the young affluent white girls that murdered people with vehicles while texting and only received probation or very light sentences.
Some understanding of economics, if you raise the prices of any commodity then the customer pays more which at some points slows the sales of that commodity.  Since you do not have any experience at harvesting a commodity you can say pay more for labor which is not that simple.  You are also in wonderland if you think we are going to deport 11 million people.  We will be with these people regardless how much you hate them and we need them paying taxes.   You are just preaching the angry white man story blaming all your problems on others.
Terrorists misrepresent Sharia to justify their actions, but Sharia in itself does not provide any sort of "legal umbrella" under which they can operate.   The counter demonstrators are there specifically to deliver the message that hate and intolerance are unacceptable in our society.  Of course that message may not get through to the neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and armed anti government militias that are reported to have attended some of the marches.
It started the day after the election. Where it will end I fear to speculate. Trump's election gave all the bigots and white supremacists in the country permission to exercise their vitriol and discrimination against those who are different and they don't understand. Unfortunately, given the large racial, ethnic and religious diversity here in Anchorage I fear it is going to get a lot worse. My sympathies go out to Gregory Jones and his family for having to go through this.
So only straight white able-bodied Christian men have a right to feel safe in the U.S.?
"Only time will tell" if the rejection of the candidate favored by racists, white nationalists, neo-Nazis, and the alt-right is the "correct choice"! Really? Do you really need time to think about that?
There is no requirement for attribution since this is not an academic setting nor are the posters professional media writers.  The phrase "At the peak of black slavery in the South, only 6 percent of Southern whites owned slaves" showed up in 20 separate websites, including three media websites unattributed, in a quick search when I stopped confirming and counting.  If you believe the information to be inaccurate, source corrections.  Otherwise, I am sure we all have more important things to spend our time on.
It's disappointing to find out the truth about Lane, but I see no purpose being served by pulling the name.    If you want to improve our understanding of history, leave the names, points out how they rose to prominence, and tell the truth about the racist past.     Lane was an Oregonian, and racism had a lot of appeal in this mostly white state.     We should know that racism is a part of Oregon's social DNA, and make conscious/informed decisions to not repeat the past.     There's no doubt that social virus of bigotry and racism have not been, nor are they likely to ever be, eliminated.     Taking the name down shrouds the truth and will nut enlightening the present.
Bias against white people is rampant.
You see the switch and bait here. Story about white teens attacking a blk/white kid. Commenter here switches about "haole" urban legend here. In that sense continuing the eye for eye tit tat. Sounds more like white KKK teens trying to lynch a kid. Now that's off the charts.
As usual, the Sequim Socialist Squealer left out ANY information of import, specifically that this is a DEMOCRAT organization, which is doing everything they can to destroy America. A minutes' worth of research will show that they brag of their accomplishments, which does not consist of anything worth while. they claim to promote equality( they use those words, the liars) but they praise the election of Muslims, Democrats, and pretty much anybody who is not a white male. This outfit is racist, sexist, and all of the nasty things they accuse decent Americans of. Prattle away, Pravda. I will not hear your lies.
Canadian Universities are an embarrassment to the idea of free speech and rigorous debate, especially in Academia - they now require students to submit to the "right" ideas which includes the public admonishment of the "wrong" ideas. "Free speech" is now a highly qualified term where speech is only considered free if it falls into "safe" speech according to the vocal minority of perpetually offended social justice warriors who plan on protesting for a living after university. The hypocrisy of Dalhousie law professors defending a student leader who shamelessly attacks white students while Jordan Peterson is ostracized and hung out to dry by the same faculty members and administrators quiver in a pathetic display of self-preservation in terms of deference to social justice warriors. Meanwhile, look at the latest instance of politically correct insanity at Wilfred Laurier  (thank you Christie Blatchord)- you would never see a similar article in the Globe, hashtag because it's 2017...
Forget the Guptas. This was a clear ply to shield the white bosses from jail time.
Um, BLM is not the group that advocates killing police officers. That was done by common armed criminals. BLM just wants the police officers, especially white police officers, to stop killing unarmed black people and for the state attorney to prosecute the ones who did instead of calling the killings "justifiable." It is crazy that the police officers shot the unarmed people just because they "feared for their lives".
I'm a pacifist follower of the teachings that support non-violence...Jesus, Martin Luther King, Gandhi...not because it just the right thing but in most, most, cases it's the best. That said, if someone comes to my town and tries to preach hate, the white race, guns and a race-war, we are at that time when this is a threat to the community. They are terrorists in the making. Their kin in the KKK is ISIS. They have caused the deaths of million when they are ignored. So what to do? I think the proper response to these marchers. These purveyors for hate is to turn your back, drop your drawers, and let them know they are simply silly 'assholes.' And their leaders should be jailed, this includes those that preach hate on TV. And if and when resisting their violence is required, we should do this with a organized lawful band...think the National Guard.
Nobody hates other whites like a white liberal.  It defies all logic and reason!  Trump - It's time!
"...from the single-issue party of angry white men..." And there it is!!! The only group of people who can openly be insulted in print and on television and for some reason it is not a hate crime, it is actually encouraged to disparage white people. Try calling BLM the angry black people movement, see how quickly you are fined and thrown in jail. Try saying ISIL is a Muslim terrorist group, see what happens to you. But white people,  come up with your most vile derogatory term no problem.
But two of the people that were there are white so what's your poing?
You mean white?
White guy, kicked out of military, where he learned to use guns of course.
Hmm we should have a free speech demonstration on their(white supremacist ) home turf-  if we can find the hole the climbed out of.  Imagine the reception we'd get.......    I think I'll find a few NFL linebackers to demonstrate Peacefully at my side!
You keep saying that the only reason these blacks are killing other blacks is because they are oppressed by the whites.   The 52% homicide figures.  That they are just victims of oppression, not stone cold killers shooting 6 year old little girls through their bedroom walls because their daddies aren't in the right gang.  The implication is that the murderers are the victims not the dead people.  I believe it is a fair question.
It was certain nauseatingly saccharine but, unlike the Pepsi commercial, it reflected the zeitgeist. Don Draper knew his business well.  Although in 2017, it would not pass the test. When one looks at it now, one notices an over-representation of 'white' youth (most certainly disproportionate to the world population) and the camera tends to pan past 'non-white' youth and save the lingering close-ups for appealingly fresh  white faces.
"..a moral compass"... lol! I'm sure it was great in the '50s as long as you where white, male, heterosexual and Protestant.
Interestingly, Shabanu is  a children's book about a Pakistani girl, written by...a white, "old stock" American woman.  Isn't that "cultural appropriation"?
From your first link;  "Bruce LeVell, a black former county GOP chairman in Georgia who founded The National Diversity Coalition For Trump and says he has met most of the Trump Organization's top executives, said he sees no sign of discrimination in Trump's 25th floor office in Trump Tower. LeVell described diversity in the organization's information technology department.  Trump, he said, does not care "if you're black, small, white or tall. If you've got a gift and a talent, he's going to go after you.""
If someone truly believes in a cause, he should proudly proclaim it. I'm surprised at the number of comments here supporting Nazi white supremacists. Every one should be outed and publicly shamed. Why hide if they believe are right?
Worthwhile points, and I hope my not mentioning every factor involved does not get interpreted as ignoring them.  I do know that many people - including those who comment at this site - make huge assumptions about Church functions that are incomplete at best and conjecture at worst.  It seems to me that you jumped the rope from  who hid the remains to who told them to do it.  No doubt you are right about the teachings of the Church via the bishops, but we should also include that the social mores of the times and he cultural taboos were squarely against unwed motherhood.  My grandparents told me of how girls who got pregnant disappeared from school, and were supposedly staying with their aunt in some other town.  And BTW - it was unwed Catholic girls who supplied Catholic adoption agencies with lots of white babies to place with infertile couples...serious motivation for keeping babies healthy and well!  Still, reports like this  sicken me.....
A very nice comment for Mr. Spicer.  But one thing stands out in stark dishonor:  if he was an ethical person, and a true Christian, he would have resigned right before his first press conference in January and saved himself from the shame of ranting about the crowd size at the travesty of an Inauguration.  I wondered where his conscience was - and still do.  He has done nothing even close to redeeming himself (remember that he is STILL on the White House payroll....uh huh).  He was no professional, no Christian, no one worth viewing as a role model.  Sorry, Mike AA, but I can't quite see him as a victim even of Trump.  He chose his path, walked it, fell on his face, and never cared about who else he tripped in the process.  He has no "guts."
Sorry Max, no one will "spell out" for you the hard work of discernment and *seeking out* the truth of the gospel message--the operative word here being "seeking."  It is in the seeking that we will find the truth, and true disciples of Christ know that the seeking never ends.  Even Protestants understand this, despite the belief of being "saved" as a result of one solitary profession of Christ as Lord and Savior.  Black and white thinkers will reject the truth of what I have said, yet the very concept is attributed to Christ himself in gospel form.  It is incumbent upon each of us to discern and follow the teachings of Christ to the best of our ability, NOT to be "told what to do" by men in fancy suits.  A more difficult path, perhaps, but the rewards are there for those who SEEK --present tense, not "sought" or "others who sought for us" -- AL takes this approach which is wholly consistent with gospel tenets, although clearly at odds with the more traditional Romanism of yesteryear.
I've never seen JadedJade defend a terrorist. But there's a reason she doesn't like racism. A white redneck has to work pretty hard to get killed, while an unarmed black man with a broken tail light just has to run away to get shot in the back.
Is it necessary to label the owners "Asian"?  Asian cuisine fine but why does the race/nationality of the owners have to do with anything?  A lot of the problems we have today comes from media having to label everybody, white cop/black victim, 1st gay this or that, what's next, Red head does X to blue eyed person?
Nazism and white supremacist  beliefs are loathsome without equivocation, and should be treated as such but without attempting to understand why people fall under its sway it cannot be fought.  I find it grimly amusing, however, that Islamic Extremism, which is equally horrendous in the modern age is still something we must apparently make an effort to understand.
They were white males.
and you can thank whites and science for starting the diversity-of-choice ball rolling. No other race has been the foundation of anywhere near the diversity of choice western culture encourages and allows.
Lecturing out of work miners and factory workers on "white privilege" by liberal talking heads on the cable news did not help Hillary.
I'm a liberal and I don't deny any of that. I despise Nathan Bedford Forrest. I despise Woodrow Wilson and his fawning over Birth of a Nation, which revitalized the KKK in the 1920s, including right here in the city Denver and the state of Colorado. I despise that Wilson waged a war to allegedly make the world "Safe for Democracy" while black Americans were being segregated and being terrorized by white supremacist rioters and lynch mobs at home. I despise the racist DixieCrats who threw a tantrum over Fanny Lou Hamer's Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party.  The difference between me and you is that I acknowledge these to purge them from my current party. You do it to deflect from the segregationist president and his white nationalist buddies that you cape for here every day.
Year 200:  Under successive Liberal governments, Canada is ruled by Sharia law and Canada's white minority is subjected to racist and oppressive government policies.
and we voted for a man who has a white supremacist as his right hand man.   https://www.buzzfeed.com/lesterfeder/this-is-how-steve-bannon-sees-the-entire-world?utm_term=.mxM4EXW940#.jibX7YaBXo
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? ... To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. .. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
Trump needs to pass this despite the Americans hurt by it as he can just lie about it later. Senator McConnell's agenda is tax cuts for the rich and he knows beyond the shadow of a doubt what a colossal mistake it was pairing that to his original "white males only" health bill. Pass this and the poor, oppressed, rich folks can get their tax cuts later. Senator Sullivan, being somewhat insulated, by wealth and easy access to healthcare, hasn't been in politics long enough to know that the mob supporting him can also turn on him. They won't take responsibility anymore than the President. That leaves the D.C.educated Alaskan daughter of a former Governor/Senator that, raised as a Catholic and experienced in small state politics, knows that doing the right thing is rarely a mistake. Being on the morally right side may increase, not decrease, her power down range. One thing is for sure, this has to be the worst time ever to be a Republican Senator, after all they did promise death panels.
Perhaps should but politics and social engineering were and are the main factors which will impede any real decision making.   We have noticed the darking of our local recreation centre in the last 5 years or so.   I have no problem with that as in time everything becomes extinct and the white guy will as well.
I read as far as "Our reality is that the economy of South Africa is owned and controlled by a monopolising class of capitalists who happen to be, in the main, white male Afrikaners. This is an undeniable principle and a first point of departure." I can't believe that - as a white English speaking male who has worked in corporate South Africa, I perceive most of the owners of capital to be white English speakers. Without some actual evidence that what he is saying is actually true, one must assume the entire article is based on bull.
Poor guy didn't realize that "Make my Day..." was uttered by a white guy with a gun? Such silly laws were never intended for HIM!!
sexist and racist nonsense.  thats the same logic the alt right uses to associate terrorism with islam.   the proud boys , bannon and co., and a few cranks in austin are the anecdotes that define white males? are 3 anecdotes on false rape accusations enough to make a case that all women who report rape are suspect?  maybe its just the fuzzy logic evident in white females, who, by the way,  dont come home in body bags. its the white boys (including those proud boys) who come home in bodybags. its time for white women to walk the walk on equality on the battlefield as well in the office. hup two, three, four ladies!
An alt-left nutbar shoots at Republican senators, there are a few stories and it is quickly forgotten. An alt-right nutbar drives a truck at some Muslims and the story goes on and on for days with thousands of articles and the vilification of conservatives endlessly and ghasp,   oh my god, he was white!
Which, although I'm sure that you didn't intend it in this way, neatly captures the reason why these monuments were erected in the first place, and why the white supremacists want to keep them where they currently are.  For the 'moonlight and magnolias' whitewashing of the American Civil War is indeed a lie, and an instrument of social control used during the years of Jim Crow / post-Reconstruction.
"values in our society"?  that would be if he runs into problems of this nature frequently.  I also have to spell my name, but I guess I have no street cred, being white and all ...
"Our president is a white supremacist."  We already knew that but the low-information types on the right elected him anyway.
No, the accusations of "white privilege" always seem to come from racially obsessed, self-hating white people. It's practically pathological - maybe these people are in need of psychotherapy.
You think Singh is a victim of racism?  You think the article was holding him responsible for the crimes of others?  Just because he was asked a question, a fair question, about the perpetrators of the worst mass murder in Canadian history?  Perhaps Singh is more a beneficiary:  of white guilt and naivete.
It will include men: the white men they place the blame on.
How can Kelly save Trump when he was a human-rights disaster at Homeland Security? The rapid moral deterioration of Homeland Security took place during the six months that John Kelly, the retired Marine general that Trump appointed to run the vast department, was at the helm. He was not a passive conduit just following orders from the White House. He’d teamed up with Attorney General Jeff Sessions in recasting immigrants as criminals — the journey that began with Trump’s famous “Mexican rapists” comment — and joked with the president about using “a saber” on the media, hardly a laughing matter as the administration steps up its war against press freedom.
Natives will think twice about how they stymie projects like pipeline and  ski resorts if their own government payments are tied to the profits of those projects. As it is, they expect the money to keep flowing regardless of what they do to hinder white man's industries.
I know, I know. And there's no global warming, and the earth was created by a super being 6,ooo years ago, and humans rode on dinosaurs and Adam and Eve were the first people (yet somehow their children never committed incest when they began marrying and producing offspring), and Christianity is the only real religion, and whites are superior to all other races and up is down, and down is up, and bad is good and good is bad and you've gotta have faith.   Tell that to the 17 intelligence agencies that think there's a link.
Purg wrote:  <<For many Americans, Robert E. Lee is a symbol of valor and loyalty and dedication.>>  Hahaha. Yeah, for certain white Americans who tend to diminish the enormity of slavery, Jim Crow, and institutional and systemic racism.
And he insulted a lot of white grandmothers when he referred to his maternal grandmother as a "typical white woman".  How so, RD?  I believe President Obama knows his own grandmother a lot better than you do.
The entitled Whites in the NHL do not get what the fuss is about. The NHL and NHLPA should be making a stronger stand against Trump. Shame to both; also, Crosby and the Pens are an embarrassment to be going to the White House.
Numerous Democrats presently holding public office at the legislature and the City were once Republicans. Some of us are old enough to remember when most Republicans were reasonable. We Democrats could build coalitions with centrist Republicans. Then George W, Bush sat Pat Robertson at the Presidential table in the White House and brought those of similar mind into his administration. Robertson, a man who stated on national TV that Ariel Sharon deserved the stroke that put him in a coma. Then Hawaii Republicans nominated Duke Aiona, a man who has membership in questionable international organizations, This in a religiously diverse state with many Buddhists and progressive mainline Christians. Anyone who studies the history of this state will immediately understand why the majority of voters continue to vote for Democrats feathering their own nests. The majority of Republican leaders in Hawaii have done nothing to assuage their tarnished brand.
I am a strong, middle income hard working White Man. I voted the other day instead of protesting and my vote was heard. I did not have to whine or cry or throw a adult temper tantrum. I just voted and guess what.....America is moving again in a positive direction with a great new President.
You know there were plenty "outsiders" who couldn't join those clubs either, they couldn't afford to. That form of discrimination is as alive as ever. I'm not exactly ever going to be ready to buy a house in Kahala, you know.  How concerned am I about Mrs. So&so' s hardship not being allowed in the club whrn I think about the 21yo guy killed with a screwdriver into his neck because he was white. That was 1979 and I was the same age. I never have gone camping alone after that. Am I prejudiced? Yes, not everyone would think of such a thing but some might, especially after hearing how all " outsiders" are. Am I wrong to still have that fear 40yrs later? Yes, the later generations are more accepting. Therefore, I go camping now.   It's just not good to perpetuate the past . Everyone has suffered with this hatred here . It has blinded so many to their place in this world, where's the resolve, it's not about color.
Paid agitators on both sides! Saul Alinksy, divide and conquer.  Robert Lee, never even owned a slave but Union General Grant did! White supremacists do not equal White Nationalism. Like La Raza & BLM right?   Did you hear them? Saying "you will not replace us!", mass third world immigration on an industrial scale, but only in White nations! Muslim nations won't even take their own in , why? Too dangerous!  Stop the wars for the Greater project for Israel , where Barry dropped more bombs on the ME than GW  Why hasn't the media reported the biological terrorism by Antifa, throwing feces and urine at passers by?  The Trump is a racism doesn't hold water or he is a NAZI either.  Do you not know he is surrounded by Jews, both in his own family and in business.  Long time, famed NYC Lawyer, Cohen,  Not all Jews are of sabbatean variety or support the complete destruction of the white race.    I think Trump is getting closer to the John Pedo Podesta child trafficking ring, and the DNC
Our principals started our firm with a common background:  Being old white guys targeted by former workplace HR departments based on our age.  We believe strongly in the 1964 Civil Rights Act and have been appalled at how this act is being violated by HR departments who are actively complicit with respect to age discrimination.  Many of our  clients are old, very qualified and very white having years of training in EEO compliance, diversity and sexual harassment and have inclusion records and no employee litigation matters originating from the areas they formerly managed.  They are extending their careers despite being targeted by their former HR departments. We are very proud of our growing success.  Sadly, there is a growing market for our services.
In history long past, prior to the white man in Alaska, banishment was a death sentence or it meant extreme difficulty surviving long term.  This because it is nearly impossible to maintain long term survival in the Alaska environment without a group support platform, be it familial or tribal.  Banishment replaced a prison system with aboriginal Alaskan society.  Now a banished individual and his problems become another community's burden and, incidentally and perhaps unintentionally, a rarely found extraction of revenge on the society that overcame the aboriginal communal system.
Yeah, you're probably right about Luke.  Count me in too.  Most of us in Hawaii are not white and will not be welcome in Trump's America.  Maybe Luke has some non-white friends and doesn't want to see them loose their civil rights, or you know, get assaulted - or worse - if they visit some place like Wisconsin.......or the Waikiki McDonald's.
President Trump did not excuse Neo-N*zis. That is just plain false. He said (1) N*zism and white supremacy are wrong but (2) the law in this country is that they have a legal right to hold demonstrations and it is illegal to assault them for doing it.  Real Americans understand how both of those statements can be true. It has to do with the Constitution and the way the courts have consistently interpreted it.   And let's lose the fake concern for the Jews, while we're at it. Jews have just as many enemies on the left as on the right. Trump has denounced David Duke; when will Obama denounce Louis Farrakhan? Vladimir Putin rebuilds synagogues and Jeremy Corbin cultivates Hamas.
"Self-loather" is a hysterical attempt at slurring me. But the white way in modern times is that showing compassion and respect for non-whites is a sign of weakness. It's like Sensei Kreese from "The Karate Kid" is us white peoples' spiritual father. People who are willfully ignorant of their own white privilege say things like "Mercy is for the weak." As far as the shooter's racial identity: our nation's police system is about white supremacy. He was protecting the order. A while ago, I read some insights in an interview with a black man who was a retired police chief. A good rule of thumb about police in general is that 15% are indeed heroes... in every sense of the word. And 15% are evil--being a cop is a way to get back at the world. The other 70%, pretty much regardless of race, follow whoever the lead dog is. If the evil one runs the show, they follow. If the good one does, they follow that person. Obedience to authority is a mindset, not an ethnic trait.
Of course this would be the site to sponsor an article supporting Castro. I wonder if the author has travelled in the country beyond Havana.  Castro's Cuba locked up and killed political opponents, LGBT people, has extreme segregation between the sexes and race. Even as a socialist country it is a failure in equality politics. You almost never see women in jobs traditionally held by men, not even bus or taxi drivers. Staff anywhere were tourists are expected to have contact with locals are white. The whites also live in the best houses. People beg not for money but food, soap, clothes and tooth paste. Speaking of money, there is one currency for tourists and the rich and one for the poor, guess which one actually has value to  buy necessities or travel.  Cuba, may have a few positives, but those don't outweigh its failures, brutality and segregation.  On the plus side I am glad to see so many posters calling you out.
In some ways it's abusive? Well, yes, very clearly sex selection practises are abusive. Yet, it's white Canadian docs who have been known to be doing this bidding of South Asian families in Brampton ON and Richmond BC for decades. This has been documented and reported in our media several times. Many of our  publicly paid doctors are complicit in this pathetic practise that has no place in the modern world.
Okay all you free-fire fetishests that scream non-stop every time a (white) person with a gun feels like his second-amendment toes might somehow someday get stepped on...   "Assume, for the sake of argument, that the account given by the Charlotte police of how they came to fatally shoot Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday is true – that he had a handgun. So what? North Carolina is an open-carry state (like 30 other states) where a citizen has the right to walk around with a handgun.  The Charlotte police department says its officers saw Scott “inside a vehicle in the apartment complex. The subject exited the vehicle armed with a handgun. Officers observed the subject get back into the vehicle at which time they began to approach the subject.”  So exactly what illegal activity did the Charlotte police observe before they approached “the subject?”   The only conclusion it’s possible to draw is that it’s illegal to carry a handgun in North Carolina if you’re African-American."  —Robert Reich
Given White Supremacists the idea the Messiah has come...
A good photo of those tiny white hands, which have never touched a hammer or wrench... only a silver spoon. A real "man of the person".
I am a non white immigrant and my full passport name has 34 letters all told. In order to avoid causing awkward moments for people trying hard to pronounce my name I, like many other considerate and thoughtful people, simply westernized our first names to "Joe", "Fred" etc.  My accomplishments are not defined by my name. it is truly sad to see  so called educated immigrants with such a big chip on their shoulders. These thin skinned folks should consider relocating to their countries of origin, at least temporarily, to experience first hand how that compares to living in Canada. Perhaps when their families are  caught up in the perpetual inter tribal and inter religious bloodbaths going on in their home countries they may reconsider their umbrage at the mispronunciation of their names in Canada.  In the case of this particular individual, does the name Boka Haram ring a bell?
In reality, Obama was half white.
The Republican Party and all those who are conservatives who have nothing to to with the so called alt right, are being smeared by the left. The White Nationalists are not Republicans. The fact that the liberals were able to attract such a huge crowd with a lie is frightening. It was a free speech rally not a white nationalist rally.
Time to pull out my favorite joke as told by a Cree comedian on APTN ... White people have organized crime, we have chief and counsel.
And upon seeing Jesus with their own eyes, the KKK, Donald Trump, and all white church goers of America cried out: “Lynch him!!! Lynch him!!!” for Jesus was not a white guy but looked more like a great leader named Obama.
Well do you think the overt racism by white people in hawaii during that same time period may have contributed to your anecdotal assertions that white people were discrimated against? During this same time period all of HAWAII's governors and most judges were also white..... seems odd to raise concerns about discrimination against white people in light of the overt discrimination by white people and the power held by white people in government
If "Black lives matter," TRULY, why do fewer than 40% of Black males CHOOSE to graduate from High School, securing a foundational education that is FREE for the taking?  If "Black lives matter," why are FULLY 2/3rds of American Black babies KILLED BY BLACK community members before they are born?  If "Black lives matter," why are 73% of ALL American Black babies illegitimately born (read that, born into FATHERLESS families)?  If "Black lives matter," why do Blacks KILL FAR MORE Blacks, and commit FAR MORE crimes against Blacks, than Whites do, whether against Blacks or other Whites?  If "Black lives matter," why do ONE OUT OF THREE Black men CHOOSE to become part of the American jail/prison system?  Why does it seem that “Black lives matter” ONLY when a White cop shoots them?
What would campus conservatives protest these days? Conservatives are very much in the driver's seat these days.  Oh, but protest they do, with lists of Professors whose views they don't like, with demands for the end of certain courses, white supremacist posters, and a raft of other activities.
Outsider, I agree with your premise that there is no rationale to distinguish the settlers as a unique class in any categorical dimension. The natural assumption is that "settlers," in this case, references any collection of individuals who are not pre-Columbian.   That said, your extension of the article's categorization of "white settlers" as liberal racism is just as egregious as the point with which you took issue in the first place.
Too bad for Ms. Fox.  Trump's actual win:  "....that particular group composed just 34 percent of November 8’s voters. Trump’s slice of these white men, angry and otherwise, totaled only 21 percentage points of his vote. This was not even half of the 46 percent he actually won, and in just the right states to secure the Electoral College.  Read more at National Review:  http://bit.ly/2hUbS4f
Sorry, DC, I meant to hit "reply" not "react."  Anyway, yes, I've read the 2016 Growth Plan.  Yes, it calls for greater densities.  Yes, there is "white" space (including "greenfields") designated inside the Greenbelt for growth.  There is nothing wrong with planning for the future.  The problem is:  why build out all that area now?  Even done with "hubs," etc., infrastructure costs will be massive.  Who will pay for it?  And anyway, this board was about Frank Clayton and his developer friends' proposal to build more low-rise, detached homes on the land available.  That's not what the 2015 Growth Plan is really advocating.  And, the larger issue remains:  we can have lots of  intelligently sized/located/densified building, right now, but it won't bring down prices if foreign capital keeps pouring into the region to park/launder/invest in real estate.  We could keep on building and building in the hope that the supply would eventually meet that influx, but it wouldn't.
It's​ time to face it folks - this is a white elephant. Either you can do it at a fraction of the cost or you better leave the gas in the ground. This is from 2014 for some perspective http://www.lng.guru/alaska-lng-no-lessons-learned-australia/
It was okay to read negative words from a white man, but once she started quoting a black woman, that was too much for Yertle The Turtle.   Donald John Trump will be our best shot at picking up a few seats in 2018, he's a big help in keeping interest in politics up, just what we will need, thank you very much.
Your quotes are like zits, you pop em' and there's nothing there but "white" matter.
In 20 years, no one, I mean no one, will care how much it costs or how long it took. In particular your children who will be grown by then will thank all who got it done despite opposition from old white men. People will just be grateful they have an option to being stuck in what by then is Honolulu's perpetual gridlock.   Who cares now that H-3 was 7 times over its budget. NO ONE.
Sanity from one political party, at last. While Zuma denies, gathers puppet members of parliament to him and has his head up the ---- of the Guptas, while he starts denigrating white people and calling Zille names because he sees a golden opportunity to weaken the DA, Maimane has shown, once again, that he is a good leader. How many light skinned people, how many Jews, were tortured to death by the security police under apartheid for the sake of the right of dark skinned people to vote? Several. If not for the Brits, and later the Afrikaner, putting in roads, infrastructure, running water, bridges, schools etc there wouldn't be any. The ANC would have simply blamed everyone except themselves for their not being there- as usual. A gripe from a white ex-ANC member who is ashamed of the party I represented.
Yes more than once, because I cross regularly, and was turned back once because they thought I was going to work. It's no big deal. They are doing their job. And that was before Trump. My sister was regularly questioned and had to wait for more than an hour with a green card as a born white non Muslim, Canadian, all before Trump. It's not irregular. This is why people don't believe the MSM anymore. It's total almost fictionalized 100% bias.
It's kind of hard to have nice days with a racist, bigoted buffoon as President, who has a counselor who is an alt-right white supremacist.  Other than that, everything is fine.  Keep writing about Donna.  Maybe that will divert attention away from another $3 million weekend golf trip for Trump that he's enjoying.
I didn't name anybody in particular - I just said what those posts sound like to me in general. Nor did I insult anybody - even in general - I, once again, just said what those posts sound like and stated the only reasonable explanation for them I could find.   There are basically two possiblities. Either the writer of one has a completely different (and to me invisible) motive - in which case they are free to reply and explain what this other motive is. Or I am right in which case the person is unlikely to feel insulted considering it's a perfectly accurate depiction of their views. At most they'll be angry to discover that at least one white person finds those views utterly beneath contempt, but I doubt they will be insulted. In my experience racists in this country feel no shame about their racism  -indeed they tend to brag about it.
Oh Amber! Still waiting, patiently I might add, for you to post just one of my posts showing I am a "white supremacist"!  Just one!  Cuz see-there are none. I respect everyone, except for lawbreakers (and 'Progressive' communists) - 'color' unimportant regardless. Actions are HUGE important.
Oh Ken, you so miss this point.  White folks have been doing this for years.  Beach Boys and Elvis stealing from black musicians, white actors playing the role of Jesus Christ, Moses, Solomon, Cleopatra, all non-whites people. The actor being cast in this movie doesn't look Hawaiian, is not Hawaiian, and serves only to perpetuate discrimination.  "GET OUT!"
It's easy to think people are naive when you're naive.  Just curious, but are white people ever blown away reaching for items in their car?
Kudos to Honolulu Star-Advertiser for setting aside your thumb on the scale, ultra-left, ham handed political narrative long enough to publish THE best letter to the editor of the year, the one from Kailua contributor Jim Slavish   Until reading that letter, I was entirely unaware of my omnipotent heritage of white male privilege - - powers heretofore lying in dust at my feet - - as a newly minted, newly incandescent white male supremacist.    Believe me, I will now use my superior white male privilege to put at as severe a disadvantage as possible every white mutt known to be my inferior, starting with the bottom feeding, hate America white professoriate on so many an American college and university campus.   Thanks ever so much for revealing to me my luminous, lily white male supremacy and the opportunity to put these awesome powers to good use in a fabulously target rich environment.    Now where DID I leave my cat o' nine tails, spiked mace, dirk and cudgel.
so that's 14 whites vs 2 blacks at the top in a country where whites consist of about 5% of the population....   this distorted white wealth endangers us all
"Need" for diversity?  Well, let's see what the sales figures tell us.  White, Anglo-Saxon heritage citizens are still the majority in this country. There are hundreds of white, Anglo-Saxon heritage authors writing books.  Very few make a living at it.  Many don't even get published. That doesn't auger well for diversity--either from an author or a readership perspective.  It's not "good" or "bad", just numbers, folks.  Is there a "need" for diversity OUTSIDE of publishing?  Well, perhaps, if not enough white, anglo-Saxon heritage immigrants swell our numbers.  So, yeah, in that sense, I'd say yes.  In all other respects, no.  Hey, diversity is welcome, but does Canada NEED it?  Hmm...
“Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and Hispanics – a tough subject – must be discussed.”  On November 22, he retweeted a racially loaded image of a masked Black man holding a handgun in a threatening manner alongside false statistics attempting to show that Blacks kill more people of all other races. One “fact” stated that Blacks killed 81 percent of white homicide victims in 2015, when, according to the FBI, the number is closer to 15 percent.  http://www.diversityinc.com/news/trumps-record-of-hate-to-date/  Link to the image discussed: https://goo.gl/images/GC4c63
Somebody did something. Because anti-black racism against Americans of African descent happened and its effects carry over until today.   It's true that 1% of the population were slave owners. But they were able to own slaves in the first place because the rest of society accepted it for so long.   Even after slavery was abolished, it only took a few years of relative equality for freed slaves for the white backlash to undo and unwind Reconstruction and thus usher in devastating Jim Crow in the South and defacto Jim Crow in the North that marginalized, excluded  and often brutalized American citizens who were descendants of slaves.  Rather than deflecting and defending anti-black racism and double standards, maybe you should be a part of the solution.
I oppose white supremacism, a form of racism that has blighted American life much since 1492.   How about you, Mr. Hooper? Do you oppose white supremacism? The Panthers did. Of course, opposition to white supremacism has been national policy, a law even for 50 years.  Who's more patriotic? White supremacists who took up arms against their own nation? Or black militants who took up arms against white supremacism . . . and were a big reason that the rest of the nation came to abhor racism?
Being one of the 13 white males who helped craft this monstrosity, Gardner has no choice but to support it. He will lose his job in 2020 due to changing demographics in CO. ACA Millennials working part-time or barely making ends meet will not sit this one out.
Please give one example where he has threatened to "turn back to an era when women, gays, and racial and religious minorities were treated as less than equal to white males, to an era when women and racial and religious minorities felt they would not be heard or given justice if opposed by a white male in power."  Just one example.
If you've written this specifically for the G&M then you need to take better care in who your audience is. Hate crimes, Islamophobia, racial discord and all the rest for the most part is only reported here if it happens in the U.S. Crimes of this nature that occur in Canada itself are not often covered. Western Europe much, much less. Yesterday a Muslim girl was killed by an American in the U.S. and that was covered here with the implication that it was a case of Islamophobia in the  U.S. while the American media was already calling it the result of  road rage. It would be relatively rare to report racist-type activity occurring in Western Europe here. The news that is covered seems to very much fit a particular G&M narrative. This is not the right context for your article on Islamophobia, white supremacy and far-right terrorism. As presented to Canadians, that behavior only exists in the U.S. for all practical purposes.
"Therefore, let the Church proclaim to all that the sin of racism defiles the image of God & degrades the sacred dignity of humankind which has been revealed by the mystery of the Incarnation. Let all know that it is a terrible sin that mocks the cross of Christ and ridicules the Incarnation. For the brother & sister of our Brother Jesus Christ are brother & sister to us." —U.S. Catholic bishops' 1979 pastoral letter on racism, "Brothers and Sisters to Us"   Oops! did we forget that sexism is equally hatred & sin to racism brothers?   OR Help me, Lord, to say, believe & work for a true "Amen!" when my neighbor, wife, daughter or sibling & nephew say, "The  body of Christ." as equally ordained priests & presiders over Holy Eucharist to all men & women of any race.  That being said the Deaconate is proof positive of racism in our church as it consists still of 90% white, western, wealthy men on a global scale.  What we do that is unnecessary to make certain men feel important is telling.
I suppose a white person is guilty of all the sins committed by any leader who is white  throughout history. This is your logic. It is ridiculous. Let's run through the facts again. 1. Imago Dei is NOT a political church. Rolling Hills Church? Yes. Imago? No. 2. The parishioners at Imago, if you want to force them into an evangelical label as you are hell bent on doing, are at the left end of that spectrum. You obviously never read BLJ, written by Don Miller of Imago fame. 3. Because some groups with the evangelical label say some crazy things, like Falwell and Robertson, does NOT mean they speak for all Christians, particularly those mentioned in point 2 above. But I don't think you want to be open to the idea that not all Christians breath fire and drink venom. For you, that would be to big of a pill to swallow, especially the idea that Christians have done a lot of good in the world.
No because, as you seem to be subtly insinuating, whites are the true victims of racism. Right?
CBC profits down 62%, we can only hope the same will be applied to the G&M.  The anti white, anti Christian, pro sharia, and certainly anti women media outlet that spends more time on bashing Trump than the issues here at home!  Trump has done more in over a month than Obomber did in eight years.  Obomber left his hometown of Chicago as a crime infested wasteland, 4000+ shot, 800 killed.  Doubled the debt and managed to drop more bombs on the ME than GW, causing massive civil unrest and causing an muslim refugee crisis all because he was trying to help the Saudis build a pipeline while being ISIS airforce.  Great job Barry!
The Orange One grandstanding for the white supremacists in his base.  Will never pass in Congress.  Who will clean the toilets in Trump Tower and Mar A Lago for $9.00 per hour?  Americans won't.  Going to get quite messy there.
You may be correct.  What the neo-Nazis' appreciate is the monuments honor the idea of white supremacy.  That is the reason the monuments were put up in the first place.  Those who support maintaining these monuments are implicitly supporting the agenda of racists and white supremacists' from decades ago.    I would call that racist.    This discussion is good.    It is helping many people recognize and change their opinion.
A hate crime is when someone is motivated by hate against a group and commits a crime targeting that group.  Can you name any woman who wrote a manifesto against men and then targeted them in a killing spree? No you can't.  But if that were to happen -- or the times when men have written a manifesto against women and then killed a bunch of them -- I'd call it a hate crime.    The white supremacist who shot a bunch of black people in a church was prosecuted as a hate crime.  Yet strangely, there's a lot of resistance to calling it a hate crime when women are the hated group and the target.
"The Klan’s official national newspaper and Sessions both endorsed Donald Trump in the 2016 election. And former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke was just one of several prominent white nationalists who endorsed Sessions to be attorney general."  Are you aware?
At this point, the debates won't really matter (If you're undecided at this point, WTF is wrong with you? You can ask that from both sides). The only thing that matters is turnout. That's why Michael Moore thinks Trump will win, because Angry White Men are absolutely going to vote. Can you say the same about millennial minorities? I don't think you can.
Um- "anti-semitic?" That same Pepe icon is used by Ben Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos: both Jews. Let me guess- you also think they and Steve Bannon are white nationalists, and let me guess- you think that because this paper/WaPo (same thing) told you so. Congrats- you're the reason this paper is going out of business.
It does beg the question about both what they see and what they believe...and there is an intentional blindness at play for sure. Not since the moral majority has there been such a disconnect between values and voters. Obama was an extremely moral family man the yet something was amiss in how supposedly moral white American saw him...and ate up the poison they then spewed back out. So where did they get this poison? Who wants to keep the mantle of Christians on the right even when wrong? It begs the question, is American religion, the superstitious version, really a danger to our nation's moral backbone? Seem like we have a group who will believe whatever they are told, regardless of reality. And TV personalities are front and center... think celebrity instead of spiritual guide and that helps make it make sense.
Sessions begins the rise of the Old South Plantation system to fulfill his lifelong White Supremacist ideology.  Violating his Constitutional oaths on a daily basis for his entire lifetime as a lead agent for the Aryan nation of fascist racists and bigots infesting the entire legal system from the Supreme Court on down.  All courtesy of the Republican administrations packing the Court, federal and state courts  with these self-confessed traitors to human rights and freedom under the law.  Time for a Revolution.
Leah McLaren lives in a world where everyone is resting their colons or giving up internet hook-ups or sweating at Cross-Fit or cruising with their Baby-Zens and a "flat white". Her perspective is so divorced from the reality most people exist in to make her opinions meaninglessness. I read her piece as an anthropologist observing a newly discovered tribe.
Fiorina in 2024! Keep the politicians out of the White House- AND YOU BETTER VOTE FOR HER JENNIFER! As a white man, I demand it of you, you have no choice :)
I watched the video. While the speaker claims not to be racist, the views he expresses in carefully chosen words are definitely racist. He clearly expresses the belief that whites are superior.
Thanks for that note of context, Alceste. At first, I thought Mary was being satirical. I mean, of course a bunch of white people practicing variants of Christianity were getting along! It's sad that this counts as diversity to many Canadians.
What's the reality?  Naughty kids who are now laughing at all the "hate" stories when the graffiti was a statement of defiance but had nothing to do with hate.  A confederate flag which the offended define as meaning what they want it to mean and an individual who refuses to go along.  In Grant's Pass some posters that say white pride are taken to mean hate when the last years have seen mountains of posters proclaiming Gay Pride - nobody said anything about hate.  Some are desperate to control the actions and thoughts of others.  Thankfully, there are still some Americans breathing who refuse to be controlled.  The modern liberal projects their perceptions onto others and is desperate to control all thought and action so as to ensure conformance with their world view.
It's kinda like baking cakes. "Public" is "public". No "Whites Only" and that kind of carp.  There are SO many restrooms that are not designated men or women. If it's a single person restroom, I don't care. I don't want to share a restroom with a wall of urinals and all the guys tryin' not to look at their neighbors. I don't understand what transgender people feel or how they think. I doubt that Caitlin is ready to give up the urinals, I don't know if Chaz uses them or not. Me - I'm headed for a closed stall to mind nobody's business but my own.
Well said, AnonAJ. It good to find companions on this journey.  Thanks for you  reflections.  The young live in cosmos in which that part of the universe  we can currently observe contains more than 200 billion GALAXIES. Is it any wonder they find it difficult to take seriously a tiny group of old, mostly-white males who think they speak for God and that this God considers males generally superior to females who are  not allowed even a modicum of equality in the community of Christ.
They were a privileged class because they were the descendants of the white men who were responsible for the prosperity of Europe.  Shall we talk about Ancient Rome and who were responsible for that society's prosperity and innovation?
Your quoting Biden is a fig leaf for your and the Repubs own racism.  Face it, you guys just don't like it when black guys do their constitutional duty.  Barack Obama will never be white enough for you guys.  Gorsuch will join Alito, Thomas and Roberts as corporate stooges on the court.  Our memories are long, and our reach is far.  You should prepare for that day when Democrats and progressives again take charge of the Congress and presidency - it will happen!  It won't be pretty to watch.
White privilege...
Trudeau agreed with the U.S strike only after he was convinced the tomahawk missiles were feminists and being paid the same wage as "white male" tomahawk missiles doing the same job
Western white liberal/conservative nations with a Christian heritage are better for women than any other system you can identify. Women and gays under Islam ? There are  feminist and LGBT who actually think that's preferable despite all the bloodshed proving them wrong.
Because black workers are more closely scrutinized, it increases the chances that errors—large or small—will be caught. According to the researchers it’s more likely that a black employee would be let go for these errors than a white one. Thus another way of looking at the findings, Lang says, is that blacks simply don’t get a second chance.  Once fired, black workers return to the pool of unemployed—where they will once again have a difficult time finding work, prompting their next employer to be wary as well.  In the meantime, white workers are less scrutinized, and as a result, they enjoy a longer tenure on the job, which leads to a stronger work history, more skills, and higher wages.
I completely agree...it is wildly racist and hateful to NOT hate every single person that is not a white, hetero male who was born in the US.
Only one thing we need to ask from him. Do you denounce racism, Nazi ideology, and White Supremacists? If he can't, well, we know whatever he says is of no merit.
Man, you are completely obsessed.  How are your beliefs any different from white supremacists who blame everything on jewish control of the media?
Trudeau will balance out the WWE President of the US. Hopefully, the impeachment of the hero of white supremacists will occur early on.
"at the hands of the hating white men" "Hellen Zille...retains the levers of power that reinforces coloniality in the Cape"  Steve Biko might have been a just man, fighting for a just cause, but clearly those singing his praise today are just using it as an excuse to blatantly express their racism and anti-democratic tendencies.
Hello DC Toronto,  Your claim is not correct.  There is a non-profit science group online, part of the Science Literacy Project, that, last year, nicely summarized the specificity of this:  "Certainly, no one was surprised Bolt swept three gold medals, and reaffirmed his hold on the title of world’s fastest human. Nor the fact that all of the 100-meter finalists trace their ancestry to Africa—specifically West or South Africa. There were no European descended whites, Asians or East Africans..."  "... elite running has become almost entirely segregated by ancestry. African descended athletes dominate..."  "Kenya, with jus 44 million people, is home to athletes holding almost ONE HALF of the top times in distance races, and MOST of them trace their ancestry to a few tribes in and around the Nandi Hills. The Kalenjin tribe alone has less than 0.1% of the world’s population (!), yet members of this tribe have together won MORE THAN 60 Olympic medals in middle- and long-distance events."
Of the 59 major media outlets, 57 supported Clinton. Who won the election, Trump. So I hope all Democrats and Liberal media continue to spew their intolerance, diviseness, and elitism. It worked out very well in the most recent election, please protest and continue your current path. As not reported by the above, Trump didn't win this election because of the "angry white voter", he won because many people who previously voted for Obama, voted for Trump, including more of the Latino, black, women, union, and other minority voters than voted for Romney. So keep up the rhetoric, lies, and diviseness, combined with this and the fact many celebrities and fellow Americans said they would move if Trump was elected President, just maybe the Republican's will end up with 40 governors, and wins up and down (like this election) the state and federal electorate in 2018, heck maybe Trump will get to nominate 3 Supreme Court Justices. The people have voted, the media (ADN), is no longer relevant.
I'm not black, so someone is bound to say I can't have an opinion on this, but I am a tribal card holder who is sick to death of the racial infighting. My white father is as deserving of respect for his culture and contributions to society as my Indian mother. My part-Indian brother's contributions to the world are no more or less important than my white husband's contributions to the world.   There was a time when minorities were ignored and undervalued. That was wrong. We have gone through a 30-year period of fawning and over-valuation to make up for that. It's time for that to end. To become a post-racial society, it is necessary to move beyond these distinctions.  ALL of the workers on the Alcan (including women by the way) should be honored for their accomplishment. Within that day of honor, it is appropriate to give special attention to the black soldiers. It shouldn't be Black Alaska Highway Workers Day. It should be Alaska Highway Workers Day, some of whom were black.
The west was inhabited by people from Asia who walked to the Americas and while the level of civilization was not equal to that of the "white discoverers" one wonders how advanced civilization in the Americas would have become without white intervention.  Also, the advanecs made by humans are mixed blessings, would it have been better for the environment of the Americas without "white inspired " advances?  Would it be better to roll in the treasures all around and never wonder what they're worth https://g.co/kgs/ep8kQJ , , should we treat the river and the rain Storm as our brothers?
truth. so we get curmudgeonly white guys.  mr. miyagi notwithstanding.
Borme you are showing your ignorance.  Hate crimes are not limited to 'non white, non heterosexuals' victims.
Actually, when I moved to Barrow in 1982 I was told (warned) about a white couple who camped on the beach and were murdered the summer before I arrived. So, we all need to get over the past, hold hands, and march toward the future.
Technically, it was a treasonous coup d'etat by white ex-patriot Religious Republican American plantation owners, along with white Religious Republican Americans born-abroad in Hawaii making them 'native' Hawaiians, a corrupt white Religious Republican annexation-sympathizer Minister (ambassador), and corrupt white Religious Republican Naval and Marine officers, knowing the US Congress was controlled by white Religious Republican annexation sympathizers. It was also the First Sneak Attack on Hawaii and the Hawaiian people. There is no point in arguing whether it was legal or not, the way a coup works is the winner determines what is legal. This tactic of white American ex-patriots threatened by the natives was the same tactic used to take Texas away from Mexico. In the case of Hawaii, the US Government didn't know the conspiratorial treasonous coup was being planned or when it happened. Cleveland objected, he got voted out, McKinley, a Religious Republican recognized the republic.
John just realized that Fox will have access to the White House like no other station for four years.  Kind of like CNN & MSNBC with Obuma for the last eight.     Still, Fox News's ratings are greater than CNN's and MSNBC's combined.  That depresses dear John, who so inaccurately and so biasedly covered the two conventions last summer.  He prefers left wing MSM propaganda and fake news to what's really happening on the ground.
You seem to be taking issue with my statement that, "every white racist opposed Obama." If so, please provide evidence of one white racist who supported Obama, and I'll admit that I was wrong. (Good luck with that!)
Indeed, to follow up on that white guy's proclamation that his parents "ensured that (he) got a good education"...  Um, hello?  Seriously, hello?  Is that writer somehow unaware of WHY it is that rich folks from China are buying up, en masse, houses in Vancouver for their families?  Answer: It os because of GOOD SCHOOLS being present there. You can read it in the articles listed below.  SO, WHERE OH WHERE is the teacher busily indoctrinating kids with the message that Chinese-Canadian kids in Vancouver are privileged?  Answer: There are no teachers talking about Chinese-Canadian kids in Vancouver being privileged.   Why?  Because the teachers would see it as outrageously racist to say such a thing.  Um, okay, and so IT IS OKAY to say it about WHITE kids because...???  News items:  "As China’s rich remain eager to leave the country... they're most interested in buying properties near good schools".   "Chinese buyers led the pack... they target good schools and newer homes..."
Fascism is the politics of identity, whether it is white identity, black or brown.  Fascism   is when what you are ( your race, religion, gender)   is more important than who you are as a person (intelligent, kind, hard working)
' …the Confederate flag was and still is a symbol of white supremacy and protection of slavery.  The kid was at school, so no, …you're wrong.   In reality, I have to agree with you, yes, we do have more resources.  I'm happy that you acknowledge that.  It appears you've tumbled off the deep end of your soap box. .
Funny how a Moslem driving a truck killing less than 28 people is a "illegal immigrant Terrorist", but a White, American Multi Millionaire who KILLED almost 50 people and gravely injured 500 more is seen as an emotionally disturbed, lone wolf that by now has almost been forgotten.
Only to you ad naseum. It should be obvious to any sentient being reading my comment that I picked out liberals since they've been the ones scurrying around this country, frantically laying the racist crap on anyone who disagreed with the POTUS, his administration, the way he does things, what he does, etc. Now you've got teachers telling students that all white people are racists and only white people can be racist. What demographic group of people has this administration put at the top of it's terror suspect list? White, Christian, Conservative, who believes in inalienable rights and the U.S. constitution. Don't believe me? How about looking into it yourself. Funny thing about that demographic group is that it has notably been silent and non-violent throughout the last 10 or so years, at least compared to other groups.
Historical statue of a Confederate general...  To clarify, that is the side of the US Civil War that supported the enslavement of human beings for profit...    Any facts?  Really?  Go look and listen to what came out of the mouths of the white supremacist protesters themselves.  And look at the photos.  Any protesters of color?  Any women there protesting?  If this is still in any way unclear, you are probably still asking for proof of the Holocaust.
It is not just this dodo that has made millions by calling women every conceivable derogatory name, describing various ways to rape and kill women and making every derogatory statement homosexuals that you can imagine. Every rap "artist" in the business does exactly the same thing, every album, every day. They continue to be held up as role models for a younger generation that knows no better. The more hateful, misogynistic and anti authoritarian the words the more they are praised at every awards show. M&M or whatever his name is, is still trying to be accepted into that world as a white "rapper". This might do it. Congrats M&M whether peanut or regular.
The opportunities for the open expression of hate and prejudice are shutting down ...  Texas A&M Cancels White Nationalist Rally Set for 9/11 http://ktla.com/2017/08/15/texas-am-cancels-white-nationalist-rally-set-for-911/ "Texas A&M has canceled a white nationalist protest planned in September, citing safety concerns. White nationalists, neo-Nazis and other extremist groups had planned to hold a “white lives matter” rally at Texas A&M on September 11. The school canceled the rally Monday evening “because of concerns about the safety of its students, faculty, staff, and the public.”"
No, not white citizens in general. Only a specific subset of white citizens, those who might benefit by developing this land and its resources, especially the 1%.
Politifact checks statements and ranks them on a continuum....not just all black/all white.  Take a look at the site and it's approach to addressing statements made by politicians.....
Hey Does anyone remember June Callwood getting hi-jacked  and then fired by the "women of colour" she had been helping at Nellie's Women's shelter, the shelter she started with the help of wealthy white donors and corporations? Just thought the parallel might be timely.
SmartyPants, The Southern Poverty Law Center is the exact opposite of a Hate Group. SPLC works to expose Hate Groups. They  classified they Family Research Center as as a Hate Group because of their actions against LGBT Rights. Doing so does not make them responsible for the actions of Floyd Lee Corkins who attacked the FRC. Here's a brief description from Wikipedia: "The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) is an American nonprofit legal advocacy organization specializing in civil rights and public interest litigation. It is noted for its legal victories against white supremacist groups, its legal representation for victims of hate groups, its classification of militia movement and other extremist organizations, and its educational programs that promote tolerance."
The notion in Alaska, since foreign contact, that white men are better in every measure than Native men, is a bold-faced lie. There’s no truth to it. Never was. That lie was started by white missionaries seeking to destroy Native culture in all of its forms. But we Native men have survived. Against all odds. We are still here. Better than ever.
I think the cop run over had it coming , he must have been a white supremacist. We all need to listen to the wise words of Justin.
You don't get to have it both ways: if white men are collectively guilty for the actions of their ancestors, they also get to be celebrated for all the positive actions of their ancestors.
Dear Minister It would be useful for all SA?ns to know how you intend implementing your "final solution" to overcome "White Monopoly Capital" on a practical, dare I say, banal, basis. To my understanding, categorising of people based on race is illegal in SA. I scratch my head trying to figure out how how you happen to have convenient statistics on who is white and who not at the JSE/ SA Business / foreign investor community? Is there still some of pencil test being (secretly) implemented by the current government? I have visions of government bureaucrats poring over photos of company representatives posted on their websites, trying to establish whether they are white or not. It all sounds and looks very Verwoedian. Previous apartheid govts went to great expense and difficulty trying to identify and separate the "races" with tragic results. Yet here you are, trying to do the same thing. On top of it, you are propagating ridiculous racial stereotypes.
Trump made fun of women's appearances. He made fun of women's periods.  His infamous line: "grab 'em by the p****"   And despite all of this:  He won 53% of the white female vote  45% of college educated female voters  42% of women's votes overall  And 9 million more women than men vote in the US election.  Women had the opportunity to break the biggest glass ceiling in the world and vote for a female candidate that was also the globe and fail's preferred candidate as they have constantly reminded us after the election, but chose not to. The biggest whiners, Ms. Renzetti, are reserved for those who participated in the women's march the day after he was elected and could not accept the result of a democratic election.
"...I doubt the story will be updated..."  Your doubt is well founded.  I'm still waiting for the update on that poor black DPS Student who several days ago, according to the Denver Post, was racially targeted/verbally/physically assaulted on a RTD bus by an "older white male".  You'd think a crime of that nature/magnitude would warrant 24/7 coverage along w/a Statewide BOLO for the desperado who perpetrated that heinous act.
Trump's white supremacist followers feel empowered. There have been so many incidents of these creeps harassing and heckling people since he was elected, why would we not think that it's the same ones who are painting swastikas?
"In a move many Native American and religious groups have feared, President Trump reportedly will shrink the boundaries of Bears Ears National Monument in southeastern Utah."  This is what happens when we have a president and a party that are only interested in serving white citizens.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.  Again: ALL   So Hillary is apparently just lying again.  Nonsensical.
The privilege the author speaks of is relative to that of Black people under apartheid.  No, the Apartheid laws did not uniformly apply to the four defined racial classes. When the post-Apartheid BEE collapsed the classes into two groups (Black/White)  the Indians had a big headstart and benefited disproportionately form the opportunities.  No mystery there...
The people who promote this kind of thinking are out of touch with reality and generally are living in the past. At the same time, they have no appreciation for history and what our society has learned. They don't even understand the mission of Martin Luther King, who said don't "judge people by the colour of their skin but by their content of their character".  White isn't even a race, it is a colour.   Their agenda is to divide people and promote hatred. Will Wynne step in and stop this racist agenda or will she award them with more pizza? I am saddened to predict the ladder. She should be terminating the employment contract with the teacher association and hiring teachers who will teach history and promote harmony. Canada is doomed.
Exactly! A majority of Catholics and Evangelicals voted for Trump because of his "so called" opposition to abortion. All these people closed their eyes and ears to the crimes and corruption of Trump with abortion being their excuse. What others crimes and abhorrent behaviors are they willing to put with? Prison camps for Muslims, the loss of civil rights such as freedom of speech and freedom of the press, assaults and killings of anyone not white enough, etc. Sounds just like Nazi Germany or your Despotic Theocracy!
First paragraph i read says he moved into an apartment across from a children's dance studio.. Does anyone else see the problem with this like I do. I am not a choir boy. I have been a bad boy in the past but I was a never a predator so i can tell you from being in system and having to see these guys that they never change. Its like sone guys only like white women others like o ly Hispanic and ext ext. So these weirdos like kids and they will never change so i have a big problem with where this guys apartment is
Obviously the turn out wasn't great with three times as many signs as people.  A frontal photo would allow us readers to determine if it was closer to 15 protesters.  It certainly doesn't appear as if there are 25 people in the photo, even adding the three who were elsewhere.  Having said that, the overall message is that we, the few, should dictate to the many, the women, on what they can and cannot do in making decisions that affect them and their families.  "THE WAGES OF SIN IS DEATH"  - Not sure as to the exact intent of this wacko phrase.  "THE GIFT OF GOD IS EVERLASTING LIFE THROUGH JESUS" - I'm not sure Jesus would stand with this group.  "EQUAL RIGHTS" -  Unless of course you aren't white, a man, a citizen, rich, or a christian.   Sorry folks but I find most of these small groups to be unchristian, unforgiving and uninformed.  Republicans are against federal funding for any woman's health care services. Why not make it mandatory to show political affiliation and post in public?
Moose poop. The reason is that you can't "tok" light up and walk a straight line with or without white lines in a designated crosswalk. You catch your fingers, hair, and nose on fire, and you are an easy target for drivers as you hop up and down trying to put out the fire. Sort of like free-basing that caught a famous actor  on fire as he was running down the street.  (now do I have to identify this as gallows humor?) I'm like this on Fridays. OK every day is Friday for me.
I beg you to go to Russia and tell them they are white!   Guess what rube, they had gulags for their own whites.  OR China and tell them they are not for anyone not yellow.  I will pay for the one way ticket for you. You won't be coming back!
You can literally go on TV and watch Sharpton and others say that their riots burning down their own communities are 'protests' against white injustice but that doesn't make it credible.  Well maybe it makes it credible to you because you will repeat any left wing talking point true or not but to the average intelligent person it doesn't mean squat.
If 60% of all white Catholics voted for Trump, I wonder what percentage of white Catholics who attend Mass every Sunday voted for Trump? 70%? 80%?
It would be equally weird if you, a white Christian male, wore a turban around town all day, or carried a Kirpan, or wore a Mennonite hat, or dressed like a hasidic jew.    But Canada is a country that respects religious differences, whether or not they make people uncomfortable. It's in the supreme law of Canada.
Shouldn't the teacher, Mandi, quit because she's only there because of white privilege?  That would be the progressive thing to do...
Exactly......I am tired of the "can't we all get along theme".....it minimizes the profound seriousness of our differences...  We have the model of Germany in the 30s to contemplate....and there are painful similarities.  I frankly never ever thought that in the US we might actually (eventually) have to risk our lives to protect  folks...but even in the first week of Trumps post election period....we see the media limitations, the selection of the chief strategist (a leader in white supremacy movements) and other horrors, 400 plus hate events in just a few days and that's just the beginning I suspect (with Trump totally ineffectually and simply forced by publicity on 60 Minutes saying "don't do it..." To these racist and neo Nazi types that he's liberated)   Which is pitiful. The Putin scene, the dusting off of resumes in the Justice Department's civil rights division....and this is just the tip ....  No we can't get along with these guys to "get along" is to cooperate in evil....
ikr? I know a guy like this, he sits at home all day on ODSP, parked in front of youtube, watching other people mock whatsisname, the actor (Shia Lesomething) or debunking "triggered feminists" without noticing the irony is that the angry, beardy, white guy doing the "debunking" is JUST as 'triggered' as the feminists. At least he hasn't bred.
He just can't bring himself to condemn white supremacists, period.    It's not clear whether it's just not in him, or whether he's deathly afraid of alienating his base.
So..... I think i get your point. You are saying that its ok to arrest innocent black people (or kill them at a 600% higher rate than whites) because they are arrested at higher rates than white people.  Right?  and, that by protesting, you think that its more important to focus on that they are disrespecting the flag, rather than that our fellow Americans are dying while driving home from work.  OK. I understand where you are coming from and your priorities.   Mine are different.
You wording, your thinking (or lack thereof), and your whiney response tell all of us you are white or thoroughly colonized.
This is horrible,” she said. “I don’t know if I can fathom it right now. I can’t believe white ­college-educated women voting for Trump in Florida.”   It would seem indoctrination didn't take for some.
Of course they do.  Canada and the U.S. are European Colonies.  Europe, at the founding of the New World was predominately White.  It has only been since the 60's that Ethnic communities in the U.S. and Canada had a voice.  Only since the mid to late 80's since both countries  opened their doors to wide immigration from ethnic countries.  There has only been 2, closer to 3, generations since the race issues of the 50's.  There simply hasn't been enough history or time.  The fact that these issues are being talked about is good, but this attitude that we should be beyond these issues and there be a more equal footing for people of non-white ethnicity?  There hasn't been enough time gone by yet.  The doctors at the forefront of SARS, HIV, Ebola and pharmaceuticals - most are of Asian or African origins.  Animation and Graphic Arts - Asian.  Architecture and Engineering - Asian.  Music and Entertainment Arts - Black.  The world is changing and evolving but it takes time.
Exactly Wavemaker.   Your point is what went right by the so called uneducated working class white males that voted for tRump.  They got suckered.  And, America middle class will forever be digging itself out from the legalized plundering by the top 2% - the rich.  It's all so sad.
Unacceptable and unconscionable...I'm totally outraged that in 2017 we are still showing photos of men or groups of men and not showing women or groups of women.  It's bad enough that women only make up +/-50% of the population and now this affront to humanity and human dignity.  Where are the photos of LBGTQ2 folk or those that don't identify with a specific gender?    We need a whole-sale rethink of what life means or at the very least a national inquiry into the maleness of photos in the Globe.  Actually, on this very page there is an announcement for some white dude getting promoted...somebody should have pointed this trigger warning out.    If I had a subscription, I'd cancel it - no to male photos, yes to only women and to only women focused stories and to only female journalists.    Then again, could the problem that some people have WAY too much time on their hands....likely because they either don't work or work for the gov't?
i think that if someone is a menace to the community they should be sent packing. enough is enough. shouldn't matter if the community is black, white, or green. and btw: how much is togiak getting billed for their trooper outpost? understand that we other folks just aren't chipping in enough to support our troopers! what is the issue with girdwood?
Paul Ryan seems to be counting on Trump to rubberstamp his entire Ayn Rand budget proposal.  Maybe Bannon will step in and tell Trump not to be Ryan's rubberstamp....for two reasons, Ryan's plan hurts white people more than not, and Bannon hates Ryan.  It will like watching a reality show featuring a junior high boys locker room.
Funny, when I was in Asia, I noticed all the characters in Asian television series were Asian...! Indians in India, Japanese in Japan, Chinese in China...although all those countries have had white people living there for centuries...  There were series in India based on Hindu mythology, and series in China based on Chinese history, and series in Japan about samurais, and not much about western mythology or western history...you pretty much needed satellite to get western tv or movies. Same with movies, local ones are based on local culture.  In China, taxi drivers often refuse to take westerners, and in many non-white countries, white people are assumed to be tourists, although westerners have been living there for centuries.  So in countries of European culture, white people are well established in the country's institutions, and a cosmopolitan but basically European-based culture is considered "the mainstream", and that's somehow wrong?  Gimme a break!
I am not too certain what you mean by sounds? Help me there?   Certainly though there does seem to be a disproportionate number of those from or originate from India.... basic maths would illustrate that. I agree there are whites, blacks, greens and blues, among others also .... and probably more from KZN and more Afrikaans lawyers... and some pretty slimy people from London, supposedly professional. The Guptas and Zuma's know whom to subborn. But as I say, a disproportionate number of Indians, unless you can say something convincingly to me and others  that proves me wrong... please prove me wrong or apologise.  This isn't a race issue, don't try to make it so!
Bannon was raised Catholic, but I don’t know if he still identifies as one. Like Gingrich and Giuliani (both Catholics), and like Trump himself, Bannon brings his third wife to the family values party, as well as accusations of infidelity and domestic violence. He’s all of what you say he is, and worse. He is Trump’s link to the white supremacist and nationalist movements which operate under the euphemistic banner of “alt-right.” The evil Bannon brings to the White House is his bigotry; the genius is in his willingness -- his preference -- to fly under the radar screen, to call as little attention to himself as possible, and to indulge Trump’s pathological need for flattery and approval.
I have said it before and I'll say it again: Israel has a Native American problem and they're called Palestinians. White Americans, like the Holocaust deniers, deny that anything ever happened.
The Selection Committee was chosen to get a predetermined result. There are few businessmen or women, few traditionalists and a large number of visible minorities on it. It would have been a miracle if a white woman from the nineteenth century whose fame was earned in war had been chosen.
When Helen took over the DA it was a party of no significance, that was the voice for whites in Parliament (or should I say whisper) Helen was the one who took it and transformed it into a real opposition party that represented all South Africans whilst still defending the rights of minorities. This has now all changed, the DA has now become obsessed with power and turned its backs on minorities. Their vote on the EE bill is proof of this, this bill would lead to massive job losses for coloreds in the Western Cape. Also The DA was fist in line to lay charges against Penny, Wyane and Vicki and demanding they be fired, yet they took no action when Velaphi Khumalo, Lulu Xingwana and Duduzile Promise Manana made their comments?   This double standards system employed by their new leader, whereby they judge Black and White people by different standards is not a good sign for the parties future as a defender of minorities. PS THERE WAS NOTHING RACIST ABOUT HELEN'S TWEET.
Dead thread when everyone knows it was a Muslim. Nothing to white-bash or Christian-bash about, nothing to worldwide-white-supremacy conspiracy theory about. Nothing to "white cis male privilege" about. Nothing to "NRA" about.  Just... Crickets.
" But sadly, so many older white males are unfairly broad brushed in workplaces as thinking and behaving just like you."  And there it is.....old white guys are all sexual harassers.....(the new nuclear bomb along with calling someone a racist)  get rid of all old white guys and the world will be a better place-------ESPECIALLY when you they are republicans
Your claim that "antifa" exists solely to fight white supremacists is absolutely incorrect. Hooded leftists have been rioting at G-7 and G-20 meetings for decades.  The most recent example was the G-20 meeting in Hamburg in July where they set street fires and looted stores (Source: CNN; see link below).   http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/07/europe/g20-hamburg-protests/index.html
Although the alt-right presents itself as a new kind of white male nationalism rewired for the 21st century, it is proving in practice to have many of the same qualities as its old 20th-century forebears: Riddled with infighting and internecine quarrels, the product of a movement whose sociopathic agenda attracts similar personalities, ego-driven and contentious.  The infighting, which first erupted last week between far-right Oath Keepers and white nationalist alt-righters, deepened this week when two factions — outright white nationalists and committed racists on one hand, and alt-righters (dismissed as the "alt-light") who disavow them and their politics while embracing the movement agenda — squared off on social media over a series of “free speech” events aimed at provoking left-wing counter-protests and, potentially violence.  http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/191/800/bea.jpg
White privilege is a SJW construct to further their own self righteous mission.  It is blatantly racious. Hadfield is listed on her whiteboard who was raised on a farm and became an astronaut thru hard work.  It takes decades to earn your stripes in your chosen field thru hard work.  To now take that all away for the sake of white privilege is to penalize those willing to work hard to realize their dreams.  How about the yellow privilege in Vancouver real estate? Or brown privilege in Brampton real estate?  We have alot of rich immigrants with alot of cash now adays.  And why is that? Because they come from countries that learned about white capitalism.  This BS about white privilige needs to stop as it violates our basic chartered rights.  Let's start a crowd funding campaign to stop this teaching of racism in our schools.  Let's instead teach that you do well in our country if you work hard regardless of race!
Did you just assume I'm a Christian white male?
According to the Lane County health official in charge of identifying and labeling fools, we're toast anyway once "all hell breaks loose" . . . not that he's prognosticating anything.  I'm still stunned to learn that mosquitoes bearing malaria, not white guys in canoes and covered wagons, wiped out 90 percent of the native Indian population in Oregon's Valley of Death. Of course, the white guys' selfish forebears, immune as they were to such peril, ferried the little buggers here in the first place.  Now I must figure a way to smuggle my over-the-counter pesticides out of Freddy's before I'm charged with Anopheles freeborni abuse.
Why do they keep going on about the fact that he was "white"?  Is that some kind of code for "not muslim"?  Surely the Canadian media are aware that  Canada has seen terrorist attacks carried out in St Jean Richelieu by a white man who was a muslim convert, and that many young "white men" have converted and joined ISIS.  If this perp is christian or otherwise not muslim, just say so.
Total white population in the world is 17% by 2050 it will be less then 10%.
Mr. Sessions only cares if brown people smoke pot...whatever white people do is fine with him..including inviting a foreign adversary to influence a US election.
Oh Jesus Christ again.  They have his picture up on the other article.  As I said before there was no picture of the five from palmer for a good week or two before they were arrested and they are majority white kids.  But that doesn't fit your narrative.  I think it has to do with other things then what you are suggesting.  The one kid arrested for the murders from like may they had his picture up.  You just want there to be reverse racism going on so it justifies the shaky logic you are using
Alaska could be an extremely desirable location to live in,once the race riots start..A Trump victory would guarantee that the Mexicans,and Blacks will be rioting on the streets on November 6th..A Clinton victory will guarantee that poor Whites are sent off to the FEMA work-kamps on November 6th..Either way,keep your head down,your freezer stock-piled,and your expectations low..
"Hmm, why do you think that? You're the one who brought the racist idea up."--Oh, so Boulder isn't over 80 percent white with a high cost of living, and Denver isn't going through the social dislocations associated with gentrification by wealthy and upper-middle class white people?  You're complaining about somebody pointing out something the average Census taker would easily discern.
Snowflake-in-Chief Twitler was extra-triggered on Twitter again this morning, …no doubt because his angry white boy base is still pissed off about the DACA thing.
The American flag -- that Kaepernick so loathes -- is draped over the caskets of vets who fought for the freedoms and rights that Kaepernick and other NFL stars, Hollywood stars, CEOs, and every other American enjoy. Blacks no longer have exclusive bragging rights to human suffering. We're all in this together, given global outsourcing, golden parachutes, etc., that have driven the middle class (that included millions of blacks) into obscurity. If Kaepernick had a window into the trauma and oppression and bad hand life dealt millions of "whiteys" -- and there are well documented stories all across America (since our Founding Fathers founded the U.S.) -- his indignance and arrogance would nonetheless prevail, because the hate-mongering to which he cleaves has rendered him blind.
Well, to Ceejaybee and others, I trust you will be petitioning the government for a 90-day ban on immigrants from the America and European countries whose citizens are mostly white, like the Quebec shooter, right? I mean, it's only temporary and it's a safety issue. ;-)
People need to take a deep breath and really think about what's going on here.  Does anybody know any Nazi's or White Supremacists? Are there any in any branch of government with any power?  National Socialists and White Supremacists are vile scum whom I denounce.  While I'm at it I'll denounce the fascists and communists who have killed far more innocent people than the Nazi's.   Our media and the left are so intense at their hatred of Trump, and their goal to delegitimize his presidency, that their latest overt coup is to brand Trump and his followers racist.  The Russian Scandal must have lost it's legs.  Our federal government must keep the citizens in a perpetual state of fear lest we figure out how badly we're getting screwed.    Read Trumps actual statement after Charlottesville.  Contrast this with how it's being sensationalized by the MSM.  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/14/us/politics/transcript-and-video-president-trump-speaks-about-charlottesville.html?mcubz=1
If people like you didn't think that denouncing white supremacists and Nazis was a problem, the world would be a better place.
Yep they should have at least cleaned him up before letting him sit back there. I was wondering what the white supremacists were thinking. The poor guy didn't realize that he was being used by the Chump camp. I'm pretty sure that he wasn't invited to the after rally party. I meant let him spruce up before making him put on the tshirt that they provided for him. I wonder if they let him keep the t-shirt. Maybe they were worried that if they let him spiffy up people would have thought that he was Ben Carson.
No. You brought race into this discussion, not I. Many in Latin America are white (and regard themselves as white), by the way.  I was talking about culture and economics, not race. Look in the mirror and you'll see the person preoccupied by race.
Should be called "Four white boys for trump"!
" in 1893 a group of 13 pro-American white supremacists illegally usurped the rightful, lawful authority of the democratically elected Hawaiian Kingdom. " Really 13 guys took over an entire Island chain all by themselves.  What silliness. Kamehameha I had to kill tens of thousands to do the same.  Gee, do you think there is a lot more to the story than you claim? You betcha!
"It was inevitable that the first black president would unsettle a lot of people. Trump promised to Make America White Again. A lot of the unsettled people believed him and voted for him. He is their cultural messiah."  This is the comment I was replying to.  The implication is that everyone who did not support Obama's policies is racist.  People can have legitimate issues with Obama and Clinton and refuse to vote for them while not being racist or sexist.  As I said, I would have gladly supported Carson or Fiorina and, at the end of the day, I voted third party because Trump was to distasteful to me on a personal level.  At the same time I refused to vote for Clinton because the policies of the Democratic party seem to revel in attacking certain parts of Church teaching.
I don't know if we can talk, Gail. I wish it would make a difference. This is, I think, a painfully telling study that was published last year on DNA testing of 160,000 Americans.  It was conducted on three populations, whites, blacks and Latinos, by 23andME and Harvard university.  https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/01/07/claims-that-us-is-a-genetic-melting-pot-appear-overblown-if-youre-white/  "What genetics is showing is that in fact white Americans are shockingly European to an incredibly high degree for a population with roots on this continent for 400 years. . . ."  "With respect to European Americans, the percentages are much more different than African Americans or Latinos, with European American genomes being 98.6 percent European, 0.19 percent African and 0.18 percent Native American. In general, the numbers seem to agree with what one would expect given the history of American colonization by Europeans and their interactions with African and Native Americans."
White House just removed a monument to white supremacy
Trade you. Wynne for Notley .... will even throw in Matthews. Seems to me that under the circumstances Alberta has faced these past few years, Ms. Notley is doing an admirable job. Kenny is a dated harpocon and you really do need to abandon that prairie populism, angry white men mantle.
Apartheid had four racial classes :  White/Indian/Couloured/Black and the privilege/deprivation followed strictly in  that order for most things.  Per capita spending on education, for example, was 7/4/3/1 in the later Apartheid period.  In other words each Indian kid got on average four times as much government funding as his/her black counterpart. These and countless other measures are documented in the annual publications of the IRR.
"The Catholic Church, in general, has been slow to combat racism."  This may indeed be the case in US. When we were in South Africa in the late 70s-early 80s, when apartheid was fully functioning, the Catholic and Anglican bishops (and most of the clergy) spoke out strongly against the racism intrinsic to the apartheid lawsto the extent that the government warned the people "Romse gewaar, Engels gewaar!" (Beware of the Romans, beware of the English!). They had a real problem when the Reformed Church in Holland declared the teaching (and practice) of apartheid a heresy. None-the-less, everyone knew where ordinary folk, black and white, could get actual support in their stand against racism. The Catholic bishops were equally strong when they stood against the systemic and institutional injustices of dictatorship in Malawi in the 80s (not racism but none-the-less good leadership against injustice and corruption).   The Bishops do quite often do the right thing, and speak out against evil.
Um- "anti-semitic?"  That same Pepe icon is used by Ben Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos: both Jews.  Let me guess- you also think they and Steve Bannon are white nationalists, and let me guess- you think that because this paper/WaPo (same thing) told you so.  Congrats- you're the reason this paper is going out of business.
White men have been getting into spots that they may not be qualified for because of affirmative action and the like for centuries now.  Centuries!  "Griggs V. Duke Power Company was a court case in December of 1970 and was ruled in favor of the prosecutor in March 1971. The case was arguing that Duke's requirement of a high school diploma and an IQ test was discriminating against African-Americans. When compared to white candidates, African-Americans were accepted far less for positions. It was found that Whites that had been working the jobs who fulfilled neither requirement did it just as well as those who did."  And African-Americans still face racial discrimination, including in Eugene. Affirmative action has been largely toothless since Regents of the University of California v. Bakke (1978) which outlawed racial quotas.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affirmative_action_in_the_United_States#Legal_history has lots of interesting information on the subject.
I agree.  Your remark correctly encapsulates the thinking of all white males about the white house and how all white males are currently feeling.  Your remark is in keeping with the open-minded and even-handed treatment of this issue in the article.
Canada's supply of white people is decreasing every year. And the people coming in don't feel any guilt for how natives live.
Considering that Muslims comprise 0.9% of the population in America, one third of them feeling for their safety (0.3%) is about the same number of any size population having the normal slate of fears and paranoia about any given situation, say for example, vaccination or Birth Control. Putting it another way, 2/3 of the respondents in the poll have a rational basis for ignoring the rhetoric coming from the White House and are confident in the Judicial processes in place to serve them as needed.
Any honest non Caucasion person will tell you that haole is a derogatory term used to describe white people. Denial aint just a river in Egypt. Amen
A better way to fight racism is to celebrate the achievements of people like Frederick Douglass and for minorities to use positive examples of how to succeed in the face of prejudice. People of color have many positive to follow and we should model our behavior on theirs and show in a positive non violent manner that we are the equals of whites and so they have little or no reason to feel superior . We should be looking for leaders who see us as champions not victims who striving to create a world of equality in which their services are no longer required .
Carrying a load of white guilt there snowman?
God does know what God is doing.  But God doesn't interfere with human government, organization of cultural or social understanding.  God is not tiny----but insistence upon a one-gender god, has impressed a order of dominance [white and male] upon the Western world, and indeed upon the entire world.  God is not white, male, blue-eyed or OLD.  The God who created both women as well as men---is beyond being labeled by one gender terms or pronouns.     As a human community, we no longer think the same way as cultures in 1st Century Palestine, Rome or Greece thought nor the way cultures or religions did in the ensuing centuries. Nor are we obliged to do so.
Barack Obama:  best-selling memoirist, in law school elected as president of the Harvard Law Review, electrifying speaker at the 2004 Democratic National Convention, twice elected by popular majorities to our highest national office -- he earned those results.  He was not given them by an institution that favored black men;  in contrast to the favors given solely to white folks -- for instance, rentals in Fred & Donald Trump's apartments which excluded African-American families.  Such institutional favoritism of white people virtually defines white privilege.  Regarding your concerns about a divided America, surely America wouldn't be divided, if minorities (and women, a majority) would only accept uncomplainingly a status as second-class citizens.  This is the "again" in Trump's campaign slogan, and it is not what America is about.  We are a nation of the descendants of immigrants, escaped or freed slaves, and the survivors of genocide, trying to  make it work.
Yeah big news ADN....so what is going on with the 4 black people who kidnapped and tortured the mentally handicapped white guy? You buried the article so far down I cannot find it now. Why did you do this?
The staff at the Globe who wrote this editorial and the vast majority of the commentators (at least so far) have not watched the readily available  videos of what actually happened in Charlottesville (armed mobs of multiple persuasions, including militant leftists), nor have they listened to what President Trump has actually said about the incident.  For the anti-Trumpers, the approved narrative, although contradicted by the facts, is that Trump supports white supremacists and their use of violence.
An ahistorical argument which deliberately fails to consider such statements within the context of centuries of American slavery, racial oppression and discrimination in favor of simplistic platitudes about all being equal in pride of heritage. A favorite of white supremacists everywhere.
I agree, but go to any Leaf game and majority of people are older white people. Go to any Raptor game and it is very multicultural. Raptors in the long run will win out because they got the masses and media behind them. Majority of todays youth identify with American culture which is basketball and hip hop.
"...be interested  lol. You are not making sense at all, especially given the high rates of inter-ethnic and (recently) interracial marriages that pollsters register.  Americans fit into multiple different groups at once. And are you also sure your map of Europe is right? Might need a cartographer:  "...north of the Alps"? Are you trying to constitute a difference between Northern Italy ,where the Alps stretch (to note descendants of  Italian Americans from Northern Italy) and Southern Italy? But so many of the descendants of these have intermarried -- married Polish Americans, German Americans, Irish Americans, etc. That is the American way. Americans have multiple ethnic backgrounds. Blacks and Latinos are likewise intermarrying. Obama's mother was Anglo-American. Such neat categories don't exist anymore in the US. But poor whites (from Appalachia [mostly Scot Irish, Anglo], the rust belt, etc.)  and poor Latinos (and rich), do exist. But we all fit into multiple groups at once, too.
I wonder if he'll lend his considerable skills by helping Antifa  and BLM get over their hate. Or is hate restricted to white males only?
"After all, lynchings are just a cherished part of white heritage and history."???  I might wrong, but to my knowledge not even racist bigots like Al Sharpton and Jess Jackson have offered such a race baiting comment.
A very good article. It highlights the relationship between African Americans who dominate the NFL and the white middle-class population who watch these athletes in action. They get praised and loved as long as they stay in line. Say or do anything unpleasant and you get boos.  Colin Kaepernick is at worst a backup quarterback that with the right coach do very well. If an injured Geno Smith can get signed by the New York Giants as a work project, I don't see Kaepernick can't get a job in the NFL. He is being blackballed.  The violence in the NFL is directly tied to the short number of games per season. Every play in every game is critical. That's why the coach put Robert Griffin back into the playoff game despite being injured already. In baseball, there is 162 games so there is always tomorrow. Expand the NFL season to 50 games and you would get much less violence and injures.
They should both have pants downed and bent forward to receive lashes for colonization antics, then stripped and made to eat bannock roasted on an open fire! Imagine an article as such in the Globe the day after Aboriginal day! A shame for Canadians! Will we ever recover? We must quickly rename everything named by a white man. Alla akbar justin.
Well, actually, the Catholic church is seeing steady growth in membership numbers.   "... the Catholic population continues to grow in real numbers and remains steady, at about 25 percent, as a portion of the U.S. population.  As in the past, the growth is due to a continuous influx of immigrants. Today, they aren't white Europeans; they are mostly Hispanic but also include significant numbers of Catholics from Africa, Asia and the Pacific Islands."  For more, see: https://www.ncronline.org/books/2017/02/social-scientists-connect-dots-catholic-future
"Conservative view of government" - Rich white privilege.
Their apology is so weak that a baby could snap it with its pinkie. KPMG must go. And so must those whites preventing its report.
Nice job Trump voters. The spewer of hate condemns the hate that he has encouraged. What's it going to take to get Trump out of the White House??? A nuclear bomb from North Korea???
The Catholic Church should be speaking out against the overt racism of Trump but they don't want to alienate the majority of white Catholics that voted for him.   Instead they remain   silent as he  denigrates  Hispanics who are overwhelmingly Catholic and the future of the church.    "His incoherent and contradictory utterances have one thing in common: They provoke and play on feelings of resentment and disdain, intermingled with bits of fear, hatred and anger. His public discourse consists of attacking or ridiculing a wide range of “others” — Muslims, Hispanics, women, Chinese, Mexicans, Europeans, Arabs, immigrants, refugees — whom he depicts either as threats or as objects of derision. His program, such as it is, consists chiefly of promises to get tough with foreigners and people of nonwhite complexion. He will deport them, bar them, get them to knuckle under, make them pay up or make them shut up."................Robert Kagan
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? . To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
Before ya'll go bazookas about what I just posted the same report says white men got away with all manner of crimes...yep. http://justice.uaa.alaska.edu/death/ak_death_history.html
I'm not missing the point....unless the point is that cloak & dagger activities and corruption is the domain of only the present government.   What I get from these Ooen Secrets stories is that this nonsense has been going on for 4 decades. The Nat governments nefarious deals are to this day not in the public domain. Why not?   I don't think the release of this book is at all connected to some suspicious ANC anti-white plot, as may commenters seem to think. I don't see it in color at all. It's simply yet another series of self preserving corrupt deals made by GOVERNMENT.   What it means to me is that no government can be trusted. If we can learn this lesson, we can stop the next government from doing the same.
Used to be the true conservative was a man of his word and someone to follow because his bond was what he did. Now, the true conservative is a member of the KKK, White Nationalists, and assorted violent criminals like Dylann Roof. They're honored among Trump conservatives. He stirred them to life. Half of American conservatives think like Roof. They're scary. They don't use words like "zenith" and "nadir." They're at the bottom of the political garbage heap. And half of Alaska is there along with them because they only went through the 4th and 5th grade, but they know it all. Like 3rd gen AK of these pages said: "White men are Earth's alpha males." That's where the true conservative of Alaska lives.
I was very surprised to read Ms. Sideco is based in San Francisco as her article doesn't ring true to me at all for the vast numbers of Catholics in California who don't check the "Caucasian/White" demographic box.  I suspect her questions and conclusions were written to prove the author's premise, rather than using factual data that might cast doubt on that premise.  As to her questions about media interviews and profiles, YES, I see other-than-white people on every single media profile (and wonder why she doesn't).  Maybe our news is different in NorCal than what she sees in SF, but SF itself is even more diverse than my own metro area.  I can't speak for any parish east of Nevada, but the diversity Ms. Sideco desires is absolutely present and accounted for, and has been for at least 60 years, in this state.
Everything is now decided by the "market" and by big data - dehumanizing human beings to having no free will and being at the mercy of algorithms.  And this is what feminists wanted - equality - which really meant money.  So now they have it.  Soon, there will be no "Caucasian" kids, that is already the reality that caucasians are not the majority in major Canadian cities or many university programs or campuses.  So Congratulations.  The market decided.  And white people will be no more.
Funny how Trump the loud-mouthed Tweeter-in-Chief has never whispered a word of condemnation against either Vladimir Putin or the violent bigots and white supremacists among his support base.
Being told and reminded everyday from 2007 till now of “#Zupta #Zupta #Zupta”, do you think that we stand a chance to not want to chant “#Zupta #Zupta #Zupta #ZumaMustFall”? Linking everything to Guptas is just the propaganda taken by White media.
This is like saying there are blacks and whites in professional men's golf tournaments.  It's true, but hardly the full real truth as 95% of golfers in the tournament will be white or oriental.  That's the kind of thing that is immaterial to the right.
What part of this story was fake? Did it hurt your feelings that your white nationalist buddies were outed?
Stop trying to give the neo-nazis and the white supremacist an excuse. The adults in the room know there is no moral equivalency between what the neo-nazis and the white supremacist stand for and what you call the "alt-left.".
"white men’s dominance of the top levels of business, politics, industry, tech, media, academe, culture, the police and the military might begin to slip within the next couple of centuries. Women might get to control something other than websites" - perhaps or perhaps not. But if so, probably not "white" women.
I suppose we should thank Ms. McGivern for showing us how the mind of Black Lives Matter works.  In only a few sentences, she fully exposes us to the glare of such overbearing prejudice and illogic that ignited --- literally ignited --- a town of 21,000 people, many of whom were innocent blacks who had to pay the price of that illogic and prejudice.  "I think if Brown had been white, he would not have been killed."  So in other words, Brown was killed because Officer Wilson was racist.  But both a grand jury jury and the Holder Justice Department --- yes, the DOJ that refused to enforce Section 8 of the Voting Rights Act to purge voter rolls of dead people and felons, and only enforced Section 8 when blacks were affected --- found that Wilson shot in self-defense.  And why not?  The evidence showed that Brown had just strong-armed a store owner, had tried to reach for Wilson's gun as he sat in his police car, and after that encounter, had come charging back at Wilson.    cont'd
Your definition would apply to white people, too.  Seems there is this stereotypical white person who is personally responsible for all the world's ills.  Never met the guy(has to be a guy) or met anyone who has but keep reading about him.  See how it works.
"Trump launched a crude Twitter attack.... on a female TV personality...." Ha ! These so-called TV personalities and media launch crude attacks on Trump and the presidency every single day...... non-stop.....  I'm just watching two former White House Press Secretaries that would put a halt to all video taping of White House news briefings....   One worked for Bush and the other for Bill Clinton......
Steve Bannon is a White Supremacist and he created "Alt-Right" as a code word for White Supremacist politics. But it is amazing to see some one in the White House with a sense of strategy, this doesn't make him any better, he is abhorrent to the American Ideal of one country for all people, but he is actually politically astute. I am surprised Donald Trump has enough for thought to get to the bathroom in time to tweet without making a mess of himself, the man has no control over his future actions much less his future words. Bannon needs to go away because of his fascist politics, but as malevolent as he is, he is the first in this administration to sound like he has a direction.
You need a permit to conduct an organized march or parade, you don't need one to show up spontaneously stand on the sidewalk and endorse or disapprove of the march in front of you.  Furthermore, the Charlotte police yanked the permit when the white supremacists began to ignore its directives.  Berkeley and Oregon were all over the news, maybe you weren't paying attention.
The term for what happened in Montana is white tribalism rather than white nationalism. Will identificaiton help people see what is going on? Probably not. Will appeals to economic justice for workers and the poor help? Hard to say. We on the left need to make it work on a smaller scale to really be convincing. The tribe has been programmed to resist talk of socialism. Only results will deprogram them.
"If the 'pro-white' group had been allowed to simply have their demonstration against the removal of the Lee Statue, they would have said their speeches and then gone home."  So if you let racists march through your town and threaten your non-white neighbors, then they'll just go home and that's the end of it?  I'm pretty sure that has never happened anywhere, ever.
Also, no living person despite their background or history or parents  should ever be a victim of a heinous murderous crime like this, everyone should be replused, and for a member of the community to insinuate such is concerning. This has nothing to do w the SB91 (was not in affect yet), let's keep the focus on the mission here. Justice for David and keeping our community safe.  All other comments are white noise.  This is the community at stake, and there is nothing wrong w a community insisting on harsh justice by the legal system for a despicable murderous act, a choice made by 5 to participate in.  Do the crime do the time!
Trump Asks, "What About The Al-Left? Here's The Answer  "But overall, far-right extremist plots have been far more deadly than far-left plots (and Islamist plots eclipsed both) in the past 25 years, according to a breakdown of two terrorism databases by Alex Nowrasteh, an analyst at the libertarian Cato Institute. White nationalists; militia movements; anti-Muslim attackers; I.R.S. building and abortion clinic bombers; and other right-wing groups were responsible for 12 times as many fatalities and 36 times as many injuries as communists; socialists; animal rights and environmental activists; anti-white- and Black Lives Matter-inspired attackers; and other left-wing groups...."  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/15/us/politics/trump-alt-left-fact-check.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share  So yeah, the right is far more violent than the left.
Apparently, the current definition of diversity is upper class white feminists.
"Could the real Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma please stand up – and take charge of her campaign to show South Africa that she’s capable?" Or not at all and that she is only a Muppet in her ex's show. Delivering veiled threats of unpeaceful times for whites South Africans.
Fascinating link.   In terms of numbers, they are higher than I realized.   And it's easy to forget just how bad discrimination was in the first half of the last century, well, easy for white people who don't have the family history of death by racist bigotry.  (Although I suppose confederate flags and confederate military figures have served the purpose of keeping racism and violence on the fringe, but far from extinct.)  I have lived in gentler times and I appreciate that period of relative calm.    The world is not as violent as it used to be, but we still have large numbers of people willing to use violence and power to achieve their aims with little regard for individual life.  And in case we forget, I would imagine our war in Iraq alone has far for more 'collateral' deaths that the total lynchings in America over the last 200 years.        We justify our violence in many ways, clean hands are hard to find.  Violence is a part of the human character, and found throughout nature.
True to a point, but it does not make his hypothesis less accurate.  That is what is called a confounding variable.  If it is the education - and I, for one, have long since thought that also, particularly the education of middle class white women, then the bigger causal factor is the education, not the bank accounts.    Is it affluence that makes people leave Christianity, particularly the RC? Is it poverty that keeps immigrants in the pews? Is it the education that affluence brings that contributes to loss of members? Is it lack of education that contributes to people staying?  I would vote "education" when it comes to women, but none of us can know for sure without really good research that separates these variables as well as a number of others.
Over a decade ago in Nome on career day at the high school I said we need more Native nurses. I got some dirty looks from a couple of the white nurses I worked with at NSHC. I am very happy to see this program. When I went to Nome I really expected to be working within the Native culture for the Native people and wanted to know why the Native hospital was being run by white people. I am mostly white, a little Muskogee/Creek. I believe everyone should have a share of the power and opportunities. Instead the very small number of Native nurses they had were bullied and run off, except for one who was bullying back which is one of the usual reactions to workplace bullying. This is the way to end abuse, incompetence and bullying. It raises the quality of care to include all of the cultures and include those who have a interest in their communities having good health care. There were lots of people at the hospital from other places that paid poorly they were just in Nome temporarily.
Not much good news for tax paying white males.
In the over 30 years of Pride Parade the marchers have been predominantly white 1% Black? - the spectators on the sidewalk  have been predominantly white 1% Black - so how can anyone say BLM started it or people of colour started it - well Ahmed ? explain this "it belongs to queer and trans people of colour. You know what? They’re kind of right." - 1% of marchers and 1% of spectators and it "belongs" to them?
You wrote:  <<More than any other reason, people voted because of the lack of jobs and fair wages.>>  There's little evidence to support this contention.  "Education, Not Income, Predicted Who Would Vote for Trump"  http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/education-not-income-predicted-who-would-vote-for-trump/  "White and wealthy voters gave victory to Donald Trump, exit polls show"  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/09/white-voters-victory-donald-trump-exit-polls
The Crimean Tarters kidnapped Ukrainian and Russians and sold them on the slave markets in the Middle East. The Turks kidnapped Christian boys who were brought up from the age of 7 to serve in the Janissaries (infantry units). The slave trade is the reason why there are so many blond and blue eyed people in the Middle East. Worse still, slavery continues in the Middle East to today’s date – although it no longer involves white children. Type into Google the words “slavery Saudi Arabia” or another country and read what appears. The Muslim countries have never apologized for the white slave trade. No compensation has ever been offered to the descendants of the victims. No monument exists on the sites of the slave markets to commemorate the victims. 4. On 3 occasions, Muslims nearly conquered Europe. Twice the Turks reached the gates of Vienna. Muammar Gaddafi, when he was Libyan leader, predicted that Muslims would conquer Europe through numbers and their birth rate.
Obama insulted a lot of police officers,  not just recently but going all the way back to the beer summit!  And he insulted a lot of white grandmothers when he referred to his maternal grandmother as a "typical white woman".
I see that women are well represented on that boardroom.  Two women are left, looks like the head of HR ( title is Senior Managing Director & Chief Talent Officer) and the legal counsel.  None in the investment side.  Every one is white.  Truly representative of Canada.
i agree with all of this, especially the part about millennials. since i am one myself, i should point out that i am a millennial who is embarrassed by trump and i left the republican party because of him. i am still a conservative but i agree with you that a lot of people don't know much about what conservatism is and will associate it with populism and white nationalism. trump is doing damage to conservatism and the republican party, especially with millennials.
Civil Beat commentator Diverdave is probably more about emo's than facts, and racism, his white racism over 'brown' people. How about facts? The US Government made over 500 treaties with Native American Nations, and they were all broken. That doesn't include the number of Native American Nations that have refused to take the extortion-victim threat, including the Seminole and the Lakota Sioux. These treaties always had the clause "As long as the grass is green, and the rivers flow". A white racist person told me no treaty was broken. Pave over the grass and dam up the rivers, treaty expiration conditions were met. This is where the expression "white man speak with forked tongue" comes from. The US is wealthy and powerful because it stole everything it has, all the lands, the waters, the skies. It was stolen with words and guns. The US, beyond Government propaganda, is an Imperialistic nation. It conquered, committed mass genocide, enslaved the rest in concentration camps. FACTS.
Yuppers,  They will undoubtedly have to hire a night shift to handle the crush of new orders!    But seriously it's actually God's way of celebrating that the black dude is no longer in charge and he decided to cover the country in white!    Obama's legacy will be a forged birh cerificate and social security number!
Better do some investigative work and check her job application Allie, I bet she's another whitey posing as a Mandan Native Indian like Elizabeth Warren ;-)   http://www.snopes.com/graphics/news/warren1.jpg
You have failed to understand gender entirely. People who seek "cosmetic surgery" are a minority of LGBTQI individuals. Just ask anyone who identifies as non-cisgender entirely. You're making the case for a reality that doesn't exist. This is a simple principle of non-discrimination based upon gender (or the old-fashioned word for it: sex). There exists no controversy here, the law is crystal clear, and the moral case is strong. It's embarrassing for this civilization that a debate has even arisen against all but white cisgender males, and the clamor of all voices wrongfully fighting against this must progress beyond their cathexis (really, restoration of what once was, long before) or be quieted forever in the name of the progress they refuse to tolerate and coexist with.
Bill, please give us the year and date that white racism didn't effect the law. It must have happened some time after 1968, when black folks were supposed to be allowed to vote.
Seems like our tolerance as a society with middle-age, white, unemployed men is a lot higher than with any other demographic. The sympathy level for these guys is much higher than it would be for an unemployed minority from the inner city, where the popular view seems to be, "your lazy. get a job!" With these guys it's everybody else's fault that they have so pidgeonholed themselves in life that they only have one marketable skill.
Anthropologically the GG was correct,  But politically he was way offside.  Definitely not PC to have a white male settler colonialist representative of the Queen (counterparty to all those nasty treaties) call First Nations immigrants.  Looks like it is grovelling time for the GG.
yes, exactly, if any such event run by "white" society would be so blatantly racist it would be shut down
White dudes run things plain and simple 😃
There are several errors here, but I'll start with your racist claim that haoles going "native" is ludicrous. Do you mean to say that haoles are incapable of having a connection with nature, life, and/or humanity in general beyond a superficial Kodak moment? If not, please explain. As fun as it is for racists like you to pretend otherwise, Pacific islanders do not have a monopoly on appreciating nature, life, the universe, etc.   Also, you need to differentiate between white haole and Asian haole. When you do, you will realize that white haoles are absolutely outsiders here. A majority of the government on this island, both C&C of Honolulu and the State Leg. is no longer white. Throw in HECO, BWS, the banks, HPD, and even most small businesses, etc., and you will see the real benefactors of statehood; the exact same demographic that pushed it through.   I find it amazing how 7 white businessman are still used as a scapegoat for blind hatred against ALL whites 100 years later. Aloha?
"Us Injuns"?  From your earlier writing I thought you were from an Oklahoma tribe?   It was my impression, maybe mistaken, that the tribes had quite difference traditions and beliefs.     Which Indian tribe are you saying welcomed a mass migration and helped establish it here in Oregon?      All tribes of 'Injuns' that lived in Oregon at the time of migration, supported white settlement?   These tribes continued to support migration through the next 100 years as their tribes weakened?  Open ended questions Booz, my white Oregon education didn't leave much of an impression of the Indian view of migration of European whites into the area.    In my history classrooms, Indians were more an obstacle to be removed than a partner to white settlements.       *I have several friends who do have a very high interest in the Indian tribes that lived in Iowa.
Many of these men are deeply closeted and use "traditionalism" as an excuse to play dress up.    While I know Frank's while cassock is really modestly made, I'd like it if he tossed out the "dress" code altogether.  Maybe for him black trousers and white top with a simple pectoral cross.  All the rest, black trousers and shirt/jacket (or in whatever color is suitable for the climate in which they live).
While I don't disagree with the basic line of argument in this article, I do think MSW paints with too white a brush in his discussion of rural America. And specifically appears to equate rural with white. Democrats are doing just fine in the rural Black Belt of the South where African Americans live, rural Southwest Texas where  Latino/as live, etc. They aren't doing well with rural whites. It's important not to overlook minority populations in rural America in favor of whites in rural America. In short, "rural" does not equal "white" and too many analysts like MSW make the mistake in writing as though it does.
Their standards are pretty obvious, be negative towards white males and it's published. Don't white males have the highest suicide rates? Looks like this is what they want. Lastly if there is a problem with how sentencing is treating skin color the problem is not with white males. It's your judges and your law so fix that before you decide to blame skin color as a problem, this article is racist.
Agreed. But the kids are having fun poking the American eagle and the Russian bear to boot. For the kids black is white and white is black. And 39% is greater than 48%. Hope they don’t get dizzy by the end of the first term of the presidency.
I can accept that anyone would find my comment shocking. I and others who have lived in the Richmond Metro area are not surprised.  It is the way things are there and have been for over 150 years.  The parish in question is an impressing Post Vatican II structure, but the mentality is of pre-Civil war. The onlything welcoming and impressive about that parish to non-whites is the physical church building itself.
If you read the article, there were no threats made by white supremacists.  Mrs. Piou, representing the asylum seekers, stated that it was  "stigmatizing" to ask the asylum seekers to congregate to pick up their cheques and that they should not be put in the "spotlight".  Then for good measure, (this being the slogan du jour) she   threw in that "people with right wing tendencies might disrupt it", without providing any credible evidence that there was anything planned.  At least this story is a little tamer than what was reported on Montreal's CJAD yesterday.  CJAD had reported that  multiple groups were  planning to demonstrate at the Palais de Congress, without giving one single example.
Implicit in this editorial is the notion of 1-way responsibility--that of government and, presumably, white people. Nothing could be further from reality. The sooner there is intelligent discussion about mutual complicity the sooner problems can be addressed. In the meantime, such editorials reflect a distinct lack of grounding.
Go to any university campus and you will see a black student union or group, same for Indians, Chinese, or what ever. They all look after their own self interest and are not called black supremacists, Indian supremacists etc.  BUT if white students were to start a white student union it is closed down by the university authorities so fast your head would spin!
I always enjoy and respect your letters to ADN.  I also grew up in Oakland but in North Oakland which is a far cry from West Oaklnd. My mom was an early proponent of the NAACP. The nuns at Holy Names had Huey Newton  and Eldridge Cleaver address us white Catholic school girls at an assembly before "Soul On Ice" was written. The Black Panther movement scared the shit out of whites when it became aggresive and threatening. That is when some institutionalized racism began to be addressed. Sorry MLK and Obama but strong oratorical skills are insuficient . Eagle River is 99percent white . Most of my well to do neighbors are indeed "a basket of racist and entitled deplorables" who absolutely cling to their guns and religion to defend their bigotry.  My son got kicked out of Ravenwood for wearing a bandana and " gang clothing" as a twelve year old. He just loved upsetting the apple cart.  Now in law school . Had the ten black kids at Chugiak worn Black Panther gear and held up a poster of
Apparently still denying the drought. Noticed during a recent visit to the DWS Bellville office that there are absolutely NO drought posters, save water, yellow is mellow notices up. The bathrooms are pristinely white and fresh as daisy!
"in a country full of young, urban multi-cultural people"  Get real.  You've been drinking Liberal Kool-Aid.  80% of the country's demographics is white.  Toronto is not the whole of Canada.
Nice thought and I would agree, but it fails to go far enough as not only whites are bigots.
Frankly, I find the use of "darkening" in this article's title to be quite racist. Is it time for Globe reporters to attend ethnocentrism-prevention workshops? Talk about white privilege!
It is ironic that long time civil rights activist Hugh Hefner died this week in the storm created by Black NFL players who are bringing attention to the fact that although many great things have happened to advance civil rights in America we are not there yet. As a 14 yr old in the 1960's living only in a white world Hefner taught me what racism in America was, that all citzens are equal but some citizens are more equal than others. And, we still are not there yet.
This means nothing, and changes nothing. White monopoly capital machinery being mislead here
" I'm not thinking about abortion on a daily basis." Good to see good old Tony Corcoran speaking out on women's issues-- so many men these days care only about their own concerns.  If we are to overcome our societal divisions, men and women need to care about each other, white and black about each other, Christians, Jews, Muslims and agnostics about each other....
Why does the Zuma-Gupta nexus use a white monopoly capital PR firm (like they use white monopoly capital attorneys and advocates 95% of the time, especially Zuma) based in London, the epicentre of colonialism and white monopoly capital?
Margaret certainly isn't a leftist, she's about as far right as you can go without being a White Supremacist.
He is probably "white", being a "male" does not help either at the government. If English is your first language, good luck, three strikes!
It seems to me that it is white Catholics who need to be doing much more to "change the narrative".   And that could start with listening to hear what black Catholics and non-Catholics have to say about the experiences of racism.  There is much reading material out there.  The Sister Souljah  book that 2Be4Peace mentions is one; the writings of Ta-nehisi Coates is another; Michelle Alexander was mentioned on another thread.  These are just 3 names of many.  White Catholics need to become educated about the issues and then take positive steps to "change the narrative".
They repudiated the center-left but not the far-Right. Trump is something but he's not the Christ-figure the whites want him to be. But it is funny is watching them believe he's going to be not a status quo politician.  Average white men have to learn the hard way. At least Donald's hands are small. #gotky?
"Today our children are being told that all the sins of the world are the result of the "White Patriarchal Class" and that there is no truth except that every epistemological system is built by a group to dominate others, the White being the worse offenders."  Evidence please.
walking my dog, I have seen a couple of mail thefts.  these folks are bold - turn and look you in the eye and smile.  they know - the chance of them being caught is slim.  I didn't call the police- wasn't intimidated, just figured ...the guy will be long gone - just fade into wherever and what could I tell the cops? a non-descript white guy that looked like every other straggler I've seen.  it's frustrating - it's like watching the guys on a bike , holding the handlebars of another one and just cruising down the street.  if you make eye contact with them, they just smirk...who's gonna prove what? they know...
Segregation came with fear and there was enough fear to go around, even in the bishop’s chair. There still is, although the white police of Chicago seem to have an outsized portion of it.
First off, I have to say I lived in Waterloo by the university where if you were white and male you definitely were a minority-and I have no problem with that.  But I have to say ''excellent point', like many pundits, the advice offered here would best be utilized by the writer of this piece.  I certainly 'get' the fear that minorities have, there can be serious repercussions.  However, apart from a very small number of cases we are a remarkably peaceful society.  Because some body says "it  seems like muslims are everywhere"  doesn't necessarily even indicate a fear, let alone that the speaker wants to lobby for draconian public policy (or that their government would listen).   The 'false perception' clearly affects this writer as much as, or more, than the people she uses in her example.
Only 7 ? Judging from the quality of whites-only schools then compared to the rest , I highly doubt it was only 7
Arnold says: "I have a message to the Neo-Nazis, the white nationalists, and the Neo-Confederates. Let me be as blunt as possible: Your heroes are losers. You are supporting a lost cause. Believe me, I knew the original Nazis. I was born in Austria in 1947, shortly after the second world war. Growing up, I was surrounded by broken men / men who came home from a war filled with shrapnel and guilt / men who were misled into a losing ideology. And I can tell you: these ghosts you idolize spent the rest of their lives living in shame and right now, they're resting in hell.
Como,  you are a black and white thinker.  Where did your family come from?  How did they come to the US?  What were the circumstances of their leaving?  Have you benefited from their journey?  Why would you deny that same opportunity to others?
53% of white women voted for Trump instead of an experienced, competent politician who would have been the first woman president.
Thank you Ms. DeVos.  Obama and the radical democrats' War on Men must be stopped.  The democrats' hate toward whites and men is absurd.
"As in the past, the growth is due to a continuous influx of immigrants. Today, they aren't white Europeans; they are mostly Hispanic but also include significant numbers of Catholics from Africa, Asia and the Pacific Islands."  Ironic that white Catholics are working so hard to keep their fellow Catholics out of this country.  It used to be Protestants that tried to keep us out.  Could it be that for these twenty-first century nativists that their skin color is more important than their religion?
"Bill" ..'taking a knee' during the ritual playing of the national antham before a football game is absolutely nothing like showing disrespect during rememberances of 9/11 or during funerals.  I vehemently condemned the protests of the Westside Baptists when they protested at funerals that the war deaths was "justice" for failing to condemn homosexuality.    I support freedom of speech, but, like all freedoms, it is not absolute.  To be sure, each of us will have protests we support and some we oppose......I have instances where I oppose the "content" , but support the freedom to protest.....peaceful marches at Abortion Clinics w/o blocking access;  other instances, where I may support the "content, but oppose the protest...antifa's use of violence and censure by intimadation to protest speeches by White Supremacists.... Most controversial issues are not simple.........Gary Crum
You don't know me Minshall and what I've been through in my life so don't assume anything. I've lost jobs over discrimination so I get it a little bit, but not as much as some. And yup, when I go to a big city there are typically places in it this white guy don't go looking for a bathroom.
Probably because white supremacists are attacking us.
Its Time for Bibi, Trump and the guy with deep pockets Sheldon Adelson (Casino King) to invade Iran. Lots of poor white people, blacks Latinos in the American army.
People can only see the ANC because people `like Ramaphosa and Gordhan have the White media is on their side. opposition take every step to torn ANC apart.
Apparently your facts are fiction too.  The Anti Defamation League estimates KKK membership at 5000.  Nearly 3,500 African Americans and 1,300 whites were lynched in the United States between 1882 and 1968, mostly from 1882 to 1920.
The black colleague recanted his testimony two days after the hearing. Have not heard anyone saying that Jeff Sessions ever used the "N" word and even Sessions himself says the comment about the KKK was a joke, a bad joke but a joke nevertheless. Blocked black judges from nomination and sitting on the bench when he headed the judiciary committee? Names please and who nominated them. How many white judges did he block? Are you aware that Sessions went after the Klan? Put one in prison for life and got another the death penalty? Are you also aware that Sessions got an 8 million judgement against the Klan and bankrupted the KKK in Alabama? Sessions has never been associated with the KKK or any other white supremacy organization. Did you support and like Robert Byrd? A former Grand Kleagle or whatever of the KKK? Voted against the Civil Rights act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965? Displayed racist leanings as late as 1968? And Byrd was an icon of the democratic party?
False.  White voters, 2008:  Obama 43% McCain 55% (Pew)  <<Romney won 4 percent more of the white vote in 2012 than John McCain won in 2008.>> (The Nation)
I feel like you're going to yell "Hey... no fair! You're not playing fair!" sooner or later. Look at our discussion this way: not every white dude is meant to be the authoritarian. In white America, it's considered a masculine trait to walk into a discussion and badger others into silence. But, unfortunately, only a few white dudes have the talent to pull this off. And while Donnie Moscow's campaign promise to white dudes was that many more white dudes would get to join the Authoritarian Club, Hillary got three million more votes than he did.
FYI: Abraham Lincoln was a "known racist."  Lincoln believe that blacks were intellectually and morally inferior to whites;  that's why he wanted them to be deported.  Racism was the rule, not the exception then.  Try reading an account of the battle.  Yank troops were given whiskey on a very hot day;  they proceeded to trash talk the Rebels, who were already incensed by the fact that those in the fort were thought to have been responsible for raping, pillaging, and arson throughout TN.  Then, after the Rebels breached the fortifications the Yanks failed to strike the colors and there was bedlam, followed by a running battle to the river.  Some accounts have Yanks continuing to fire after pretending to surrender.  Others have Rebels shooting Yanks who had surrendered.  It was battle at its worst.  Every account has General Forrest sending wounded blacks to Union lines.  Try reading one of them.  You will definitely know more than you do now.  Again, your take on "ugly" is irrelevant."
white people don't whine about the colour of their skin much
Domestic violence?  Possible DUI and driving over the speed limit?  If he wasn't anything other than white and rich, he'd be looking at serious time.
After only five months in office is under investigation for obstruction of justice and whether or not his campaign coordinated with the Russians to win the election, Lies an average of 4-5 times a day, Doesn’t seem to know the basics about how our government works, Doesn’t seem interested in learning anything about how our government works, Is obviously mentally unfit to be president, Adheres to no real ideology other than sexism, racism and xenophobia, Attacks anyone who attempts to hold him accountable, Is constantly under suspicion because he won’t release his tax returns or divest himself of business holdings, Has the self-control of a two year-old, Vacillates between being a laughing stock and an opponent to our allies abroad, Has an obvious preference for brutal autocrats, Has assembled a staff full of white nationalists and those whose history has been spent undermining the very mission of the agencies they are running.
What about white women  with even more entitlements to  jobs selection and education opportunities than men of any colour? Lecture them about their special white lady privileges.
This comment was "uncivil"? Seriously?  ---  The difference between the "antifa" left and the white supremacist right is that the former exists mainly to counter the latter; if there were no racist marches, there would be no anti-racist protesters.  Yes, there are masked provocateurs among the left, but the vast majority of leftists show up to peacefully if stridently counter the (more typically physically violent) racists carrying tiki torches and chanting "blood and soil".  Criticizing white supremacists and antifa activists alike for their "intolerance" is risible, considering that leftists are "intolerant" of racism and prejudice but racists are intolerant of other people's very existence in Western society based solely on their visible characteristics and cultural roots.  So while there are violent leftists, they form a small part of the antifa movement; broadly equating the movement as a whole with the racist, nationalist right is exceedingly facile--not to mention irresponsible.
"You fail to understand that these kids born here of imigrants are picking up their parents agendas" , you wrote.  Is that why we have aryan skin head white supremists?
No, "pasty white" is not racist. I'm white, and I am not offended. Why would I be? Is it because my ancestors were slaves? Nope, as my ancestors were not slaves. Is it because my mother used to have to ride in the back of the bus? No, as my mother never had to ride in the back of the bus. No, I got to go to the good schools because I was white. I know it's hard for cretins like you to understand it all. You have my sympathy for having to ride the short bus to school.
Quite a broad statement - what about those white foreigners who have created businesses, jobs, pay huge amounts in taxes that pays for schools, roads, social grants etc etc.  Wanna give them a smack too? The problem is now.  The country is being looted by one family. Focus.
Just more of the same old White Men carrying the fascist banner to bring to an end the Constitutional Republic and all human rights contained therein.
There weren't any Muslims in Charlottesville - or if there were they were peaceful.  Your deflection isn't going to work here.  This was a separate incident and saying "B-b-b-b-b-but Muslims" isn't a defense of racists.  trump was trying to tell us that some white supremacists were good people.   He's wrong about that.  There are no good white supremacists but that's his base so what should we expect?
Day one of the democratic national circus, I learned that black folks make up 90% of America. The majority of the speakers were black, all the cameras in the hall were trained on black people, especially those seated next to a name of any kind.  All of the speakers were focused on pledging that all black people would have the same opportunity that Michelle had to watch her two young black daughters(her words) frolic on the White House lawn with the dog. All the videos leading into the speakers speeches were filled with black folks.  In addition they would all have the same opportunities that the speakers have had and their dreams were reachable.  Unfortunately for the Hispanics, they will need to wait along with the Asians and the white folks.  Remind me again, which vote is needed the most to win the White House for Hillary?
Tuff. White people voted for trump. Sorry,  thought  we were allowed to vote for who we wanted.   thought we were like people that way
Obama does want American society to be based on merit and equality for all, rather than white privilege. I have no doubt that for most "poorly educated" Trump voters, merit and equality would be demotions in social status. They care much more about who they can look down on rather than anything aspirational. They are suffering from cognitive dissonance caused by their terror of losing the white privilege that they claim doesn't exist. Putin is a dangerous white man. I'm sure they like him more than Obama. In their reality, Obama was never suppose to exist. If Obama and his staff had private meetings with Russians, Republicans would have called him a traitor and impeached him.
You are correct that it is up to each of us to absorb information, then to use our intelligence and common sense to discern what is and is not of substance and worthy of consideration which adds to our universe of knowledge.  What I disagree with Trump on is that he calls the media, in broad and blanket fashion, evil and fake - unless it happens to be Breitbart or white nationalist "news" that supports his views.   He should, like you, simply encourage people to think for themselves and not be taken in by hype, glitz and spin.  Unfortunately in our society, people are easily swayed by those who prey upon emotion rather than cold hard facts.
A flag that represents the country you envision is not worthy of respect.  And, not that it matters one whit to you, the majority of all welfare goes to whites. Specifically, the southern red states which not coincidentally, is the home of donald's new favorite sport NASCAR. Perhaps you'll ask Dale how much welfare he grew up with.
The poster was against "anti-white hatred".  What is wrong with this?    We should all be against racial hatred.    It could be the poster maker finds affirmative action programs or those who push  "white privilege" full of anti-white hatred.    The author of this story did not elaborate on this.
The goal, of course, is to remove every statue and plaque of every white man or woman throughout history, to remove all positive mention of them from our history books, and, ultimately, to outlaw whiteness and all white people.
Typical response of the entitled white male with underlying racist ideologies, as if the number of black people killed by other black people somehow justifies the number of often unarmed black males who are shot and killed by law enforcement.
The neo-nazis and white supremacists were not in compliance with their permit. The Antifa also had a permit.
History is written by the winners no matter how just the cause. I highly recommend reading Ta Nesi Coates excellent essay on trump being America's first white president at the Atlantic magazine if you haven't already. The white supremacy that begat the civil war never was defeated even as the treasonous government of the confederacy was and that ugliness has permeated, indeed dominated the southern states to this day. Since you claim to be Irish didja know that the docks in New Orleans where most of the cotton was shipped to England and France was so toxic with Yellow Fever, Typhoid, Malaria etc that slave owners felt it was too dangerous to risk their investment in men on the docks? Ships laden with Irish desperate to escape the famines booked passage to Boston, NYC etc but along the way were detoured to New Orleans where they were forced to do the dock work or starve. Many survived and that is how they took over the long shoring on docks around America.
"Christian identity type"?   Nice try.  Did this killer holler out something about praising Jesus as he committed his horrific act? Whenever any act like this is committed by a white person, people like you try to connect it with Christianity, even when the person wasn't religious. Also, you seem ignorant to the fact that the majority of the worlds Christians are non-white.
And your point is?  An out-of-context quote from a 150 year old speech isn't at all relevant to the current discussion over whether government should fund public tributes to white supremacy.
You always claim that terrorists killing in the name of Allah don't represent Islam, yet you claim a couple of people making anonymous threats prove white Canadians  are bigots. Work on your logic...
I'm white, and I've never felt discriminated against because of my skin color. You? Tell us about it.
When the majority of your base is white, male, teabag voters, you can not win a general election.
Nicely done! Sounds like a backroom deal doesn't it, Trudeau no doubt a Soro's lackey and puppet for the Saudis like the Clinton's.  How can all these leaders be so Anti White and Anti Christian? I mean Trudope doesn't even bring in persecuted Christians from the ME.  He sure loves the Muslims and sharia.  Trudeau must go!
"Last time I was down South I walked into this restaurant, and this white waitress came up to me and said: 'We don't serve colored people here.'   I said: 'that's all right, I don't eat colored people. Bring me a whole fried chicken.'"  ~ Dick Gregory
Well some have  made that case.  Sadly I have no idea if it was really valid.  Yes We have a major problem with the budget being blown out of the water but why woudln't this have happened if another system had been adopted?  If we went with the other system, chances are things would still be messed up today.  It is a falacy to think things would have been much better if republicans ran the state for these past 50 years.  Chances are things would be far worse.  I remember when the only people in Oahu Country Club were white and minorities were only the help.      Fact is republicans no longer stand for anything so why should anyone vote for such a party?  Just remember, deficits don't matter.
I agree and it should not have happened.   As I have stated I do not support the white supremacists or their violence.   I did not mean to equate the two.   That said was there, at that same demonstration, violence from the left?  This is what President Trump means when he says that more than one side was to blame.  You can not cherry pick the violence and hatred that you are going to support.   Just like you can not cherry pick  the racism you are going to support.  Were there not some Jews that could have spoken at that rally.  I seem to remember some things in the news about swastikas being painted recently.
The only explanation I have is that racism is historical. For Blacks, it comes from slavery and the desire by some whites to have us return to that time and place. For Natives, it comes from the so-called winning of the west and the last frontier myth. Killing Indians. Again, it is the dream of some whites to have us return to that time and place. It all comes from a superiority complex some whites harbor because of those two events. That's my take on that.
Alt -right? That's a made up term to try to slam anyone that is not a liberal or a democrat. It is a term that is used to continue to try to make out like anyone who doesn't vote democrat is a dangerous Nazi. And in effect gives the right more reason to be disgusted by the left AND it gives the hate groups validity.    I'm fully sick of the lies and the name calling. However, I COULD go as low as you on the left...... How about " gutter dwelling alt-left "for the anti white anti Christian movement in America that never seems to get an article because the left doesn't want to admit they are part of it ? Because you know there IS one and it's become dangerous and violent and has been getting worse. .  Clean up your own act liberals.
The point of direct jobs stimulus such as infrastructure repair is twofold - to make needed improvements and repairs to critical infrastructure, and to create living wage jobs that would stimulate the economy and result in a revenue return. George Will on the other hand, is deaf and blind to the macroeconomic aspect. Minimum wage workers would not stimulate the economy or provide a return on revenue.  A more reasonable solution would be to simply require unions doing federal work to maintain a racial balance in their enrollment based on national demographics. Davis-Bacon may have been inspired by racism, but it doesn't have to be racist; if contractors were required to maintain a racial balance, the racist aspect would disappear, and the jobs would be living wage jobs, which is what jobs stimulus is all about.  White people don't need any more protections.
I'm back:   You are right.   White well off people who support the President will be better.   White not so well off people who support the President will not be better.   Now, the not so well off people who support the president, will reconsider.   But I agree I'm Back, millions will be affected for the better;  of course they will comprise under 20% of the population, as things unfold.  But I could be wrong.
"Democratic socialism" only works in wealthy Western white capitalist countries though.  Do you have counter examples?  Didn't work so well in Venezuela.
We clearly need much tougher laws for angry white men with guns.
True, unless they start burning books they don't like or don't fit with their agenda of social reconstruction.  It doesn't seem too far fetched to me to think that sometime in the near future Ontario teachers will be burning Shakespeare's plays and Orwell's novels--too white, too male, too much dominant culture.
White nationalists do for obvious reasons, but not everyone within the "alt-right" movement does.  I'd argue that the vast majority are just trolls looking for a good laugh.  It's just that the media is desperately trying to cling to this racism narrative since they lost all credibility after this election.    Neo-Nazi's tend to vote conservative, but that doesn't mean all conservatives are neo-Nazis.  Same with the alt-right.  The alt-right is a much larger movement that is particularly opposed to PC culture.
I am an old white man and proud to be called one.  You and other liberals can call me whatever you want to, but we want to make the country great again.  We are supposed to be a capitalist country, not a socialist country.  We need the return of the missing middle class.  One of the main reasons for the Electoral College was to protect small state's rights.  Hawaii should be proud of the Electoral College to keep states such as California and New York from being able to control the country.  What the Electoral College just did was its designed purpose.  Go read some old history book on the how and why the Legislative Branch was created as it is.  Ken
Only if the they were white...
Trump's White Supremacist DNA On Display Again http://www.dorfonlaw.org/2017/09/trumps-white-supremacist-dna-on-display.html
What did this individual do for this threat on his life and his son, please someone tell me? All I can tell is that he along with the white players and coaches on his team and the medical staff and the white owners stayed in the locker room during the national anthem, like they did for 40 years in the NFL. Racist like yourself and bigots like yourself are using the anthem to vent your hatred to minorities and it is sicking. At least now we can see who all the closet racists and bigots are, glad they are no longer hiding behind desk and quietly depriving equality at there workplaces, now they are on view for the whole country to see.
Look at the Kusko kings, musk ox, and buffalo. Kings are almost gone, and for the other two they had to be reintroduced ("white" people)🤔 Wonder why🤔 Hmm hmm hmm for some reason I can't think of a reason. It couldn't have been the people who lived in the regions fault. Hmm
You're going to have to explain this comment further. I did directly address why there are no straight, white pride parades.
I thought the story of chicken little was a bit too white. And hetero normative too
identity politics meet the judicial system so can a defendant ask for a white male judge if he is a white male, can a women defendant request a female judge, what about Natives? dont we have to promote a whole slew of Native judges for the Gladue courts across the country- what about the LGBTQXZ community when do they get their representation - looks like slippery slope now  what about the ethnic minorities when will they get judges that reflect their communities? back to you Wilson-Raybould
White supremacist bigot works
Many whites join the Black Lives Matter gatherings. Maybe some blacks should also attend the White Lives Matter gathering. If they don't and don't support this group, then they truly are the racists.
It must be exhausting to be a person of color in this community when surrounded by mostly well-intentioned whites who haven't a clue about what life is like for a person of color.   IMO whites need to deal with our own (often unconscious) racial biases, not wait for a person of color to explain things to us. It is not the responsibility of people of color to educate us. When they do share their lived experiences we should listen and accept it as their truth; not dismiss it because it doesn't match our experience.  It is our responsibility to open our eyes and recognize that the way we experience and interpret the world is not the norm for people of color.  We need to learn all of our history, not just white history. We need to discover our implicit biases and work on eradicating them. One place to explore bias is to anonymously take the Implicit Association Test (Race IAT) created at Harvard. Start here, then click on Take a Test: https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/iatdetails.html
We have become a dysfunctional greedy country who has lost it's national vision. We have forgotten what has made us prosperous and are no longer nation builders. Our provincial leaders have no vision except to line their own pockets largely due to their complete mishandling of the public purse and their petty insular views.  In our quest to make amends for imaginary crimes of colonialism and the fashionable remorse that forces our politicians to shed the white man's guilt by ignoring treaties and giving undeserved powers to First Nations, we have tied our hands to be a fully functioning nation that has the ability to direct its own future. Our politician do not have the courage to do the right thing for all Canadians. Our forefathers would be ashamed of this country on it's 150th birthday.
My narrative is that intoxicated white males frequently aren't shot by police while carrying a firearm. What else did you think it was?
cont. " In some countries, a victim of hate speech may seek redress under civil law, criminal law, or both. A website which uses hate speech may be called a hate site. Many of these sites contain Internet forums and news briefs that emphasize a particular viewpoint. There has been debate over freedom of speech, hate speech and hate speech legislation.[8] Critics have argued that the term "hate speech" is used to silence critics of social policies that have been poorly implemented.[9]"  IMO, and as often is the case, the debate is over "freedom" as defined by our First Amendment and "safety" as represented in possible statutes or, in the case of the University, policies, addressing hate speech.  Mr. Steers clearly favors the "freedom" of open discourse, while Mr. Williams highlights the "dangers" of allowing racists and white supremacists such open forums.    I would enjoy attending a debate on the UofO between Mr. Steers and Mr. Williams (or other proponents) addressing this topic. GC
Islamists share with white supremacists the desire to subjugate people who are not of their religion or race respectively.  So what's the difference, morally speaking?
This is blatant racism, of course, but what's shocking is the author's obliviousness (let's hope) to it. It would have the reader believe African-American folks want "handouts" and are so easily bribed to vote because of its promise. Note, there is no mention of poor whites, either, who widely use federal programs.  And what of other government "handouts?" How about deductions that favor the well-off? Mortgage deductions? Federal subsidies in red states?  Why guys like this continue to pile on the poor is bizarre. Are African-Americans the reason middle-class wages have stagnated since Reagan? Is it Democratic policies that have enriched the wealthy through obscene tax cuts?  We've spent more on Trump's extra-security details than on programs for the poor.
Mmm.. Tom is being targeted because he is black. Have we not heard that before?   Questions that need to be answered: What happened to the investigations into the cigarette smuggling cartels since Tom took office? Who is investigating high profile tax evaders now that the investigating unit has been purged? Jonas Makwakwa? What about the investigation into his misdeeds? How come the Gupta brothers got away with declaring incomes of less than one million Rand each for the last couple of years? Drop the spin. Mr. Moyane should prove his competence and integrity by his deeds. It is not that difficult to just DO the right thing.
From Wikipedia;     The alt-right (short for "alternative right") is a loose group of people with far right ideologies who reject mainstream conservatism in the United States.[1][2] The alt-right has no formal ideology, although various sources have stated that white nationalism is fundamental.   The alt-right has no formal ideology, with the Associated Press stating that there is "no one way to define its ideology."[31][32] There is no formal organization and it is not clear if the alt-right can be considered as a movement; according to a 2016 description in the Columbia Journalism Review. Roy what I relate to when I hear alt right is the neo-nazies or skinheads.
Patti Saunders - Richard Glenn, a prominent Alaska Native leader, told Congress that white people like you were the problem. "People want to put us in a snow globe. Nothing new goes in or out. My father used to say that sustainable development means that no baby can be born until someone dies." ASRC is an Native-owned corporation whose shareholders would have benefited greatly from Arctic drilling. But, hey, you want to go on believing in the myth of the Eskimo in the snowglobe, living a "sustainable lifestyle", whatever that means. Well, we know what the Natives believe it means -- "a child can't be born until someone else dies."  And, that's a scenario they reject.  Try actually reading a book sometime and learning what's really going on.   I couldn't get the link to post, but it's called "The Eskimo and the Oil Man."
Brooks was a Jeb Bush kind of Conservative  Republican.  How'd that work out?  The "white trash" (a majority  demographic in the US)  under and unemployed went to the polls to support the candidate who addressed their needs.  Five decades of addressing any and all minority positions and needs left little,  if any,   time to address the lot of the 55 year old edger operator at a mill that closed because they could not longer buy logs or timber.  The political elite  didn't address the clerks replaced by IBM machinery and soft ware.  There was a build up of at least two generations or more of white trash,  lower economic scale,  fallen from middle class,  Americans who had no political voice until Trump offered one.  Whose fault?  I would proffer Brooks, et al.  And so we have what we have.  Arrogance lost to attention to detail.  I hope KellyAnne can have influence enough to point that out once again.  Attention to detail.
No, different argument. There were no "pre/post-operative" issues with blacks and whites and no pre-existing mental illnesses to deal with.
That depends on your definition of news. I assume providing stories without detail facts of exactly what the changes are in black and white, is sensationalism. It has nothing to do with news.
There's absolutely no sign or evidence that Purinton is a "white nationalist." The story states that only ONE person thought they heard him say "Get out of my country" to the victims, and one of the victims was white.  This is also why the story states that police aren't calling it racially biased.  Additionally, it hasn't been confirmed alcohol was even a factor- "it was thought" that Purinton was kicked out- again, not confirmed. . BTW- has anyone actually "hired" you?  Perhaps using your real name and putting on your critical thinking hat when it comes to articles would help, yes?
How would you white nationalist types like to have statues and memorials sprinkled across the country praising King George III and some of his generals for their "patriotism" in the Revolutionary War?
"The use of triple parentheses or triple brackets, also known as an (((echo))), is an antisemitic symbol that has been used to highlight the names of individuals of a Jewish background. The practice originated from the far-right blog The Right Stuff; the blog's editors have explained that the symbol is meant to symbolize that the historic actions of members of the Jewish ethnicity had caused their surnames to "echo throughout history".[1] The triple parentheses have been adopted as an online stigma by antisemites, neo-Nazis, and white nationalists to identify individuals of Jewish background as targets for online harassment, such as Jewish political journalists critical of President Donald Trump during his 2016 election campaign.[2][3]"   Yes indeed, pointing out anti-semitism certainly qualifies someone as a "snowflake".  Gary Crum
Ah but it does.  If there are a lot of sign wavers, probably means the candidate is being backed by a union.  Also the sign wavers often tend to be all local or all white or something.
White folks who's most beneficial achievement for their families is managing to be born white, see no problem with Trump. He is one of them. They are the GOP base.
"Right-wing blogger Jason Kessler had called for what he termed a 'pro-white' rally ... "  The day can't come fast enough for the non-Latino-white majority to sink to a shrinking plurality status.  Diversity is where our future is.  The US is NOT becoming whiter, or more rural conservative.
And how to do define "white privilege"?
I'm getting tired of all the distraction and race baiting from Bannon stirring the pot.  What's going on in the Mueller criminal investigation.  Sounded like the subpoenas had something then all of a sudden we were in white supremacist terror attack mode.  What are they trying to keep out of the news?
Let "boys" in girls bathrooms? You should worry first about the p*ssy-grabbing rapist dirty old man Trump you defend who lecherously hangs out in the dressing rooms of teenagers in his pageants.  Speaking of coddling the lazy: virtually every thing you say is a perfect example of lazy thinking, so I don't know why people like me continue to coddle you since you're clearly a hopeless case, but the point of Black Lives Matter is not that they are the ONLY lives that matter, but that white men's lives aren't the ONLY ones that do, yet that's been & continues to be the practice in our institutions: to value white dudes above virtually everyone else, most of the time and everyone else is disposable. Every time people like you react as you do, you demonstrate the need for the rest of us to affirm our humanity & worth.
Yup, Cyril is SA's first black white-made billionaire who nevertheless is an African nationalist.
An important article about racial hate crimes in Hawaii appeared in the Fall 2009 Southern Poverty Law Center  quarterly magazine "Intelligence Report"  SPLC nearly always focuses on hate crimes where the victims are blacks, jews, and gays; and the perpetrators are white supremacists, neo-Nazi skinheads, or Ku Klux Klan  But this SPLC article showed that unlike on the mainland, most of the hate crimes in Hawaii are directed against Caucasians.  And then, feeling a need to cater to its overwhelmingly leftwing readership, a separate SPLC article "blamed the victim" by providing a justification for anti-white hate crimes, citing historical grievances for the overthrow of the monarchy.  Sort of like blaming a woman for being raped, because she was wearing a short skirt.  See webpage  "Anti-Caucasian Racial Hate Crimes in Hawaii -- Southern Poverty Law Center brings the issue to national awareness in a flawed but valuable Intelligence Report article" at http://tinyurl.com/kkpf74
No. Mr. Bley is NOT calling you or any other poster names.  He is characterizing Trump and his white-nationalist supporters in a negative way, which SHOULD be protected speech anywhere, here included.
Your argument fails because many white people are a part of the Black Lives Matter movement. Black-run organizations exist because Jim Crow laws and segregation laws were designed to deny Blacks equality before the law. Black people had to organize themselves to remove laws which maintained their second-class status in American society. I'm white and would never feel comfortable at a gathering of whites that specifically excluded anyone who was not "white." The U.S. is a multi-racial, multi-ethnic society and Trump and his sickeningly un-American supporters cannot change this.
Guns don't kill people, words kill people.  None of this is new but feel free to blame liberals instead of angry white men.   Assassination attempts and plots on Presidents of the United States have been numerous: more than 30 attempts to kill sitting and former presidents and presidents-elect are known. Four sitting presidents have been killed, all of them by gunshot: Abraham Lincoln (the 16th President), James A. Garfield (the 20th President), William McKinley (the 25th President) and John F. Kennedy (the 35th President). Two presidents were injured in attempted assassinations, also by gunshot: Theodore Roosevelt (the 26th President) and Ronald Reagan (the 40th President).
As someone who spent MONTHS this past summer helping to register white Catholics in key states like Michigan, Wisconsin, Florida, and Penn., I am ecstatic.  White Catholics made a difference !  Our issues hit paydirt !  A word to the wise for the social justice warriors like Cupich, McElroy, etc:  Catholics aren't dumb.  We're not going to have our wallets picked by anti-Catholic liberals who spit in our face and attack our faith, our Church, our schools, and our neighborhoods.  Continue to support the anti-Catholic Left and you will be on your way out, regardless of any support you have from the Argentinian Socialists in Rome.
"... if white men were the only people who voted, Trump would take all but about a dozen states, or almost 75 percent of the country."  Trump was born in the wrong era. Such a pity. If only they hadn't fought that silly war in the 1860s or passed the 19th amendment later on, it would still be only white men voting. I guess in politics, as in most things, timing is everything.  It's been said that lost causes are often sounded by last ditches. This election is the last-ditch effort of those who've been conditioned to feel entitled because of gender and race, and it is sadly appropriate that the person they've chosen as their champion is now exposing the moral bankruptcy of that sense of entitlement.
You only think that they are bigots because they believe 'white lives matter' instead of black lives matter....
No surprise about the large number of whites protesting Trump in DC. Most of DC whites are working in government jobs that can be eliminated with the result of a better government. Those protesting want to keep their useless jobs that were obtained by who you blow or who you know and are just parasites on society. Trump should take an ax to all those useless jobs and stop the wasted spending of taxpayer money. People who are productive doing good work for society will love Trump getting rid of all the dead wood.
There is no question that Trump requires some heavy lift in the communications department because he is clearly failing to get his message across in such a way that it's accurately understood. It's really a triumph of communications incompetence to go after everybody who deliberately attacked other people in that brawl with clubs with the clear intent to do grievous bodily harm, and then to have those statements interpreted as excusing white supremacy. That is a communications failure of the first order. But a key point here is that Trump  won the election because he is different, and part of that difference means being willing to stand up and speak with candour even if it risks misinterpretation. To me, his statements and his meaning were clear.  To mainstream media and those motivated by a visceral and not entirely rational dislike of the president, those statements opened him up to the type of attack that proved impossible for his enemies to resist.
HRC  definition of hate crime does NOT include hate crimes done to white people.  The OHRC will not hear a  complaint of hate crime allegedly done  by a  people of color or Muslims. THe HRC is not there for you if you are fit, white, male, heterosxual, because its mandate states such people cause racism and therefore cannot be victims of it.
Well its obvious you do not believe in equal rights and support racism. Until obama America was trying hard to treat all as equals. Look at what Mr King accomplished. I know it upsets you that many White people, due to being White, do not qualify for the many handouts due to race alone, as others(now thats racism) but we are working on it.  My ancestors had it pretty rough and were forced to move from Europe or die but you don't hear me whining about it. They moved here and built the greatest nation in the world. Now that is something to be proud of! Your very childish name calling shows how your parents failed.
Good laugh, this morning, bigMangione!  Thanks for that.    What's funny?  That it's immigrants--especially recent immigrants (say, since 2000) that have much to do with "this level of violence" in North America, at least.    CNN: July 24 2015:  "... since 1982, white people -- almost exclusively white men -- committed some 64% of the shootings. The examples are infamous. Roof and the Charleston church massacre. Lanza and the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Holmes and the slaughter inside an Aurora, Colorado, movie theater. Black people committed close to 16% of the mass shooting Mother Jones looked at, while Asians were responsible for around 9%. People identified as either Latino, Native American and unknown rounded out the study.  Aside from the fact that they're male, what's THE most common characteristic of these killers?  "Of those, 97 involved shooters who had either been diagnosed with a serious mental illness, or showed signs of one."
Stephen Miller’s strange insult of a reporter is very familiar to white supremacists "Cosmopolitan" is a deeply loaded epithet.
For you so called christians.. Your jesus was a refugee fleeing a Imperial Roman Empire, propped up despot, who was going to kill him. He lived and breathed to help the weak, sick, diseased, poor, hungry, and the dying. When you all pass on, what is he going to tell you, after you all have supported and championed President Trumps ban on refugees, and his and the Republicans singleminded purpose of transferring the wealth from the citizens, to the same ilk of moneylenders and moneychangers, that your jesus threw out of the temples? Think you're going to the white mans heaven?? For supporting the corrupt, whose decisions result in massive pain, and suffering, and slaughter of innocents, you all going to the white mans heaven, makes as much sense as the MidEastern terrorists going to their heaven with 72 virgins.
But get you constitution right pal, allegations can happen anywhere and are always from small brained angry people, usually biased in one great form in their life which skews everything else and they are too immersed to see this, like my pal trump, a very unsmart man. People are innocent unless, and, or until proven otherwise. However there are exceptions, if the reporter is white, and the defendant is American African (Black). Or there is violence reported and the perp is American African. Aren't you the people who say: the truth hurts?  They, the former slaves, say: "the truth will set you free". Aren't u the people who held people captive for 600 plus years and with the other side of your mouth say you are Jesus who suffered for all men. The man who owns the world? And Jesus owns nothing, not even His own life sir. My life belongs to Him, He states give up your worldly possession and follow me, find out who Gods people are freeheels and find out who you R. U might reevaluate things.
Trump has a long history of retweeting accounts which push hateful, white nationalist agendas and he just did it again.
Hey, matt...gave you a star.  "Skilled immigrants make us wealthier."  No argument.  So do wealthy, (business) skilled Asians, too.  Just ask the B.C. Liberal government ("over $10.1 million of the additional tax during the first three months..."--www.thor.ca) .  However, one of the unintended consequences is...higher home prices.    So Asians  get blamed.  Not the Americans, Brits or others who are also "foreign buyers"--naw, numbers are far, far too small to worry anybody.  Except, well, as some posters remind us, it doesn't take VERY MANY of them to "distort" the housing market.    Ottawa gets blamed, for making it easy for Canada to attract these rich foreigners and new Canadians with bucks. And their kids, who spend them.   Maybe we should blame 3rd generation Canadian whites. The ones in Dunbar hunkered down in 75 year old bungalows who say,  "Well, Mabel, the time has come.  Let's sell; move to Fernie!"
If I was Zuma, then Hlope will be my appointed judge to investigate and disprove State Capture, while proving that it actually is all white monopoly capital's fault after all... (All of this after 15 years and R50 million, of course.)  Sadly it is people like Hlope that bring (even) the judiciary into disrepute.  Poor Mogoeng has (yet again) to sort out things that others should have dealt with.
As good as your response was on Sherman hating war this comment is not accurate.  Many slaves were treated well (even very well).  Quite a few had better living conditions than poor whites had anywhere in the US at the time. It is not universally true nothing is.  But many if not the majority of slaves had at least as good a living condition as the average person in the population. There were lots of lynchings of people of all races black and white compared to what would be acceptable today and many more kangaroo trials. The reality is that MOST lynchings didn't bother with a 'mock trial' or a trial of any sort for that matter they just strung up (or worse dragged behind horses) the victim.  They didn't care about a trial they were already convinced of guilt.
Mugabe, Xi, Papa Doc Duvalier, Ma0.  Very powerful old white men...
Don't think Hispanics, the father of the slain US soldier in combat or the mayor of London, both dark skinned Muslims, would agree with you.  It was clear after 8 years of Obama, many Americans wanted to bring the white back to the White house in Washington.  Unfortunately even after winning the election and becoming the most powerful person in the free world, that did not humble Trump to ease off on his arrogant, racist, greedy, tyrannical tendencies just enough so he would not be heading toward impeachment after less than 2 months in office.  Community organizer Obama coming from the teachings of Rev Wright and Bill Ayers also had his own personal agenda, however Obama toned down his 'weather underground' tendencies while Pres of the US just enough to get him a 2nd term.
There wasn't 1000 white suprmacists in Charlottesville.  Maybe 250.
I know that hate speech is censored in this country by Human Rights Tribunals. But that violates the Charter and shouldn't be happening.  Also, I don't think racism is necessarily irrational although it is immoral. For example, I can imagine a racist claiming that Whites are smarter than Blacks. I would argue back that there is no evidence to make such a sweeping claim, but at least there is a smattering of dialogue possible.
Would have been nice for the LibTards to demand the calling out of the murderous BLM and the Fascist in deeds Antifa. Those two groups have been responsible for burning cities as in Ferguson and colleges as in Berkely! Also why did the police stand back and let the violence grow and then lead the White Seperatists through the Antifa and BLM rioters like a gauntlet? Who ordered it? Let's see Dem Gov., Dem Mayor, Dem police chief, in a college town, whoda guessed it?
At least Obama is civilized. We never have to worry about him bragging about grabbing strange women by their genitals. Do you wish you could get away with that like Trump? Obama also reads and writes books. That is something else we will never see Trump do. Trump paid for a book once. Of course, it was about him. The best thing Trump has done is kill the concept of American exceptionalism as anything positive. It was just an illusion anyway. Trump has made it clear that the USA is no longer the leader of the free world. He has also exposed the GOP to be little more than a white identity death cult.
"...undemocratic fiefdoms ruled by hereditary King's (sic)..."  Actually, True North, that's not entirely accurate.  Undemocratic?  No.  Most Chiefs and councils are elected.  Hereditary?  No again, and many Natives are upset about this as you are...but for different reasons.   The members of many bands would LOVE hereditary chiefs, because they--reportedly--represented their people better than the modern, elected reps, who are frequently accused of collusion with white business and other self-serving groups who form alliances AT THE EXPENSE of the bands' memberships.    Now, a bit of explanation:  Sure: many band members will agree, it gets undemocratic when a very low percentage of the band turns out to vote (whites have that problem sometimes, too.). In their defence, some councils actually arranged to have cheque distribution held at regular meetings...that way, they persuade members to simply attend the meetings!
So you don't think the GOP didn't do everything they could to make him a failure. That is mighty white of you.
If you're white, the odds go up immeasurably you'll get a call, until the press calls you out.  Go figure...
White supremist organizations and NAFTA should be listed as terror groups and their constutional right to assemble should be withheld. But thats just me.....
There is significant irony here.  The Globe and Mail has covered the issue of sexual assault in the past two years in a way that increases the likelihood of innocent men being arrested, detained and punished for crimes they did not commit.  They have covered the recent racial tension in a way that makes it more likely for people to be labelled racists, and thus persecuted, when in fact they are not.  (See Lawrence Martin's recent column in which he suggests free speech protesters in Boston were white supremacists.)    If the Globe objects to people being unfairly punished by totalitarian states, why do they push narratives that will result in the same type of things happening to innocent people here?
It wasn't white men who invented the term "micro-agression."
Actually I think it might help if you didn't make such a big deal of it. I grew up in Native villages, but I'm white. There are Natives in my family, my sister married a Native guy, her kids are part Native. So what? We also have Chinese and part Chinese family members, as well as black and Thai. We're all just people.  Nobody discourages anyone else's culture, it's just natural to adapt to each other. Let it be.
How come every time you see on the news or TV someone cooking meth in the bathtub in their trailer it's a white guy?  I have no idea why, but it does seem true.  So if a white guy goes and buys a bunch of meth ingredients and lives in a backwoods trailer is he being "profiled" if the cops ask some questions.  Maybe he was just stocking up on cold medicine.    Where is the ACLU for this great injustice.  If the shoe fits.  As for drunks on a plane ban them for a year or longer for all I care, if you divert a fight there should be very serious consequences.
We’re killing off the entire white race  by making them addicted to heroin, cocaine crack, meth, spiked marijuana, ecstasy, spice, hash and other poisons. http://www.10news.com/news/mysterious-filers-threaten-genocide-of-the-white-race
Yeah. Sure. I guess that's why the White Christian Terrorist beat his wife and kid, too?   Some people are just absolute utter nutjobs. They should not be allowed to be NEAR guns, never mind own them.
Here's a letter for patriotic Americans to send to Trump:  Dear Mr. President, I’m sickened by your behavior this past week. Your refusal to seriously denounce White Supremacists and Nazis is an embarrassment to this country. This is UNACCEPTABLE and UNAMERICAN. That’s why I’m sending this letter, calling for your immediate resignation.  If you don't resign, every bit of effort and every extra dollar I have will go towards destroying the Republican party and voting Democrats into office. I reject your xenophobic, racist and sexist agenda. And I REFUSE to let your hateful and bigoted comments go unanswered. I am committed to fighting for what’s right, and that means making sure you and your Republican backers are voted out of office.  Your shameful moral character and self-serving leadership makes you absolutely unfit to be President of the United States.  Your presidency is an absolute disaster. And your power is coming to an end.  Sincerely,  RTD
All whites.
No I didn't leave it out. I typed what I meant, li'l alt-right gamer gater. The alt-right gamer gaters, who invented the term SJW, get SO triggered by video game reviews that they run into the arms of neo-Nazis. Talk about snowflakes. The alt-right neo-Nazis gamer gaters, who invented the term SJW, get so offended by integration and POC they shriek about "white genocide". LOL. And the Snowflake in Chief, Donald J Trump, retweets those "white genocide" crybabies. Can't make this stuff up.  Fire up your tiki torch AntiSocial Warrior for Injustice. Keep fighting for ethics in gaming journalism with your fellow alt-right warriors on Twitter with the Pepe avis wearing nazi uniforms. Keep fighting along with Trump for the monuments and flag venerating the racist white supremacist treasonous Confederacy, li'l AntiSocial Warrior for Injustice alt-right gamer gater.
I completely agree with the title, but let's be careful who we label as white supremacists. Questioning dangerous ideologies shouldn't be considered white supremacy.
"We need to talk about Islamophobia, white supremacy and far-right terrorism."  Another day.  Today, "we need to talk about integrating our newcomers and addressing the threat of radical Islam."
In the meantime, we islamize.  Let that process continue a bit further, and, as a consolation prize for a "racist-bigotted-white-japanese-nationalist" like myself, these pointless discussions will all end when we will all peacefully live under Sharia.
“if it were not for the millions of white men who gave their lives in World War II"  I'm pretty sure there were white men on both sides of this war, and the white supremacist side lost.
Now, something to discuss, albeit, difficult here (lack of space). Did you notice your article link is US Federal Prisons only? ~175,000 in prison currently, if you follow Huff-Posts link to the .gov site. If you follow, then look at ethnicity see the overwhelming Hispanic (~60K) prison population, of which ~25K are Mexican non-citizens. Also, Black (~70K), so, very few non-Hispanic whites. And, also, only 1 of 144 Federal prisons is in WA state; look where they are! The facts'n'figures from your linked source are NOT WA state, so, it's good you're not attributing the Fed's problem to me (or us). As with most things (my favorite is the US imposing restrictions on ourselves for China's incredible pollution-but I digress, sorry) the issue is not solved here for the Fed's problems. And especially not by what is done in SnoCo by our county council! So, with that behind us, what should be done HERE for OUR problem, such as what The Herald has been profiling recently, the streets in Everett?
You should read what Trump actually said...and he NEVER endorsed the white supremacy movement.  Contrast Trudeau's bashing of legitimate citizen protests about illegal migration with his support for Antifa/Black Bloc thugs who assaulted police and peaceful protesters.  Now who is the one supporting violence??
When did the west become the dumping grounds for the world's impoverished?   This Liberal white guilt is going to bankrupt us!
When all of the components of an election are rigged for one result, it is not lawful.  It is just one more criminal act accompanying all of the same as personified by the Scalia Supreme legislating to change the Constitutional definition of a citizen.  Joined with the national nightmares created by previous Supreme Courts beginning with the "christian discovery" decision on through establishing segregation through equally foul "separate but equal" dictates plaguing the nation for another 60+ years.  All of it certified by evil white men for the care and nurture of the wealthy white elite over all others.  A justice system ruled by criminals provides no justice and puts the lie to all human rights contained within the words of the Constitution.  Trump's presidency will never be accepted as "lawful" when the entire system is corrupt.  Time for a Revolution.
Based on the comments from people outside of Alaska, you all need to keep out of this issue. Many of the Pro native commenters think its ok for bush people to break the law whenever they claim subsistence rights, the are constantly bashing white people for all there supposed problems.  I would fully support the natives of Alaska being cut off from all state and federal money, you want to do as you want. Fine stay in the village, no more subsidies from us evil white men, no more air service, no more welfare, no more health care, then when you have slaughtered every animal you can get, you will all starve because you really don't know anything about how subsistence works. No more AC stores for you, better learn to live off the land.no more packaged foods will be shipped out to the bush. You need to be careful what you wish for.
Exactly!     Trudeau in New York at a Gates Foundation panel yesterday said that his government was having a bit of a retention problem keeping some of the young women it had enticed into politics in 2015.  This, he said, was because these women were finding out that parliament was  too much a place for old white grandfathers.  As an old white grandfather, I should probably resent that comment.  However, I have a sense of humour so I'll be OK without grievance counselling.
Karyn,  While I share your disgust at the lynch-mob mentality that exists in the age of social media,  your concern that engaging the points raised by the author would subvert the debate on equality seems to be based more on the fact that you hold an opposing view to him than it is on the actual events.   To debate is to exchange opposing views. To suggest that we ignore this author's view and what happened, as it may subvert the debate, is a non sequitur.   In my view, the fact that we allow ourselves to intellectualise hate speech if it emanates from one demographic but recognise it as such if it comes from another, is valid cause for concern and worthy of engagement.  Not recognising a point because of who made it will do more to subvert honest debate around social inequality and white privilege than engaging with it will.
Disappointing that the "class photo" accompaying this story clearly illustrates that our diverse state has spawned this mostly white, male, older press conference contingent meeting with our governor. Is this really the best and the brightest?
I think it's pretty simple what happened - another white male trying to exert dominance against a woman... what a sexist
Can you point to any evidence that the female student is, in fact, white? Don't recall that ever being established, never mind relevant.
In certain situations Native peoples are not subject to "white man's law" but it is a pretty narrow band of issues and situations. Usually what you are hearing is the same kind of thing you hear elsewhere Outside when folks of any race who don't really know much shoot their mouths off about the gubmint-can't-make-me! silliness. Alaska Natives, being human, are not immune to human foolishness. Nor are Native peoples immune from being human in all other ways. There is no culture of teaching children to disrespect " civil laws " though. If anything some of the old ways of teaching kids to respect without question has its own set of problems in modern times in my eyes. We've lost 2 village officers since the 70s - too many but not an epidemic. I hope this gentleman survives and recovers and offer my condolences to the dead young man's family
Also, was just thinking, also as what we occaaionally cheekily term, an "ambiguously ethnic," White/Native Hawaiian person of color, it would have been really nice to see at least one vibrant person of color featured in the many accompanying photos.. and, just walk a few feet in to the drum circle on Sunday, they definitely are not hard to find. Beautiful, otherworldly mixed indigenous African and Latin women with a style you won't see in any fashion magazine, singing in multiple, obscure tribal dialects; the Rastafarian community down there, the well known and beloved kupuna and various elder statesmen and women down there, many of them work hard to protect the people and the beach, especially our Na Wahine and keiki, and keep it pono. They also have saved countless lives from being lost to the sea. We thank them. <3
We should advance the notion of equal rights for all and SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE!  Critics will respond that without special privileges such as affirmative action, the results will tend to favour certain groups. It is naïve to think you can socially engineer ultimate outcomes. Further, I want my son to make it into University because he is academically and intellectually qualified, not because he is white, black, or turquoise. And if a woman is appointed to Justin Trudeau's cabinet, it should be because she is the best qualified person available, not because of her gender. Equal rights for all - special privileges for none. If indigenous people conduct religious celebrations in public demonstrations, Christians get to do so as well.  If we have awards for women authors, there should be one for men. And maybe we should have "Straight Parades" to celebrate heterosexuality! The possibilities are intriguing!
Alt-left is a term made up by the right wing so that they could contend that both sides are the same.   Alt-right is a marketing term made up to make Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and assorted right wing hate groups appear less objectionable.  It worked for them until they started parading around in public again and it was the same old Klan without the sheets and hoods.  The chief difference this time is that other than Herr Trump the rest of the justice system isn't cutting them any slack.
OAnnie, O!  Of course escalating nuclear capabilities has to be on the worry list -- we are making Amurrica great again, and the greatest it ever was was during the Fabulous Fifties, before those pesky 1960's with its civil rights, women's rights, all those annoying freedoms of choice and accelerated/pervasive social concerns, like the silly environmental issues.  Now we have the potential dictatorship of the cadre of rich white guys and military men, just as God intended all along.  DJT found time in a bottle with the label that read "drink me," and he did.
oh, parents, shame. instead of fighting for good schools in your neighborhood, you abandon your community and send your kids to private schools where they learn elitism and intolerance but not why they are racists and bigots. you homeschool them so they learn only your biases, which is usually against everyone you deem not white, worthy, or godly enough. you parents that pick or homeschool so carefully, are ensuring continued division in our country because your kids know nothing about the real world, or the 'other' kids struggles to find their place in it. they will carry this misconception with them throughout their life and think, when they are parents, they are just normal parents that want the best for their kids. it's time for all parents to believe that every child must have the same opportunity if our country is to survive. we are getting way too many trump like kids thinking they are superior to others. good public schools for everyone but different curriculum please.
There is no Alt-left.  There is the Alt-right, which is a white supremacist movement.
More tone deaf liberal denial that seeks to divide us while ignoring the fact that racism cuts all ways and whites hardly have a monopoly on it.  So what would these educated elitists say to the rural famer, coal miner or plant worker who has lost his job, voted for change, and seen absolutely nothing of benefit the last 8 years-vote for more of the same?  Get a clue and understand the (gasp) diversity of this country is not just that narrative of a liberal prism force fed to the majority an ideology based on such things as open borders / sanctuary cities, bathrooms based on one's feelings, gun control, more taxes, and big government.
I've read enough about the white nationalist movement to learn that the connection is racial and racist. Their thinking is that it makes no sense to be enemies with Russia, because the white people need to unite against the "others".
BS. As a percentage of the white vote Obama did NOT win a "majority."  Right, that bill was a setup by anti-abortion fanatics so they could later accuse Democrats of being in favor of killing "born-alive children." Disgusting propaganda from the so-called "pro-life" movement.  "Socialist-Marxist pedigree." Just  ridiculous. There was a time when Obama would have been considered a moderate Republican. Your comments are utterly predictable talking points long deployed by the likes of right-wing propagandist Frank Luntz. It's tedious.
Header contradicts article. If this is 1st since 2013 , it's a new single INCIDENT, not a new WAVE. Btw, it should be noted the most deadly terrorist attack in Canada involving Muslims was perpetrated by a white supremacist Quebecois of Catholic background AGAINST Muslims. He shot dead six people praying in a Quebec City mosque,& wounded numerous others. It should also be noted all "Islamic terrorism" perpetrated today by supporters of ISIL and related groups is carried out exclusively by SUNNI extremists, not by SHIA Muslims, and not by moderate Muslims such as Sufis, or moderate Sunnis such as followers of the Aga Khan, PM Trudeau's friend.  Shia Muslims,Sufis,&Yazidis are VICTIMS of ISIL Sunni extremists&persecuted, raped, &murdered by them.There's more likelihood of white Christians coverting to ISIL extremism than Shia Muslims or Yazidis doing so.     I'd feel safer having Sufis,Shias,&Yazidis in Canada than hate-filled white supremacist rednecks like the Quebecois terrorist .
"No! We need to smash whiteness, not return to it.”   You aren't going to smash anything. We're a lot stronger than you, both physically and mentally. We're also a lot smarter than you, and we love our whiteness.   If it's a debate that you're looking for, we always win those, because our truth is a lot stronger than your emotion. If it's a physical confrontation that you're looking for, well, let the Battles of Berkeley or Huntington Beach speak for themselves. Even highly outnumbered within a Leftist stronghold such as California we win physical confrontations against you.  Beyond all of this, Leftists don't have a lot of kids, and so your idiotic, suicidal ideas will die as your generation ages and does out. Plus, studies show that Generation Z is more racist than people were in the 1950's.   Leftists are weak, and you're on the wrong side of history.   Fascism and White Nationalism will win, and the traitors will be forced to answer for their transgressions against their race.
I have attended every (Gay) Pride since its inception in 1981. It is now no longer of any value to me because my interests are being deliberately expunged from the event. You are thieves, and stole from us gay men who created it and now you are destroying it. But you will blame me and all the white gay men over 40 for its failure. We can go off and do other things, hold other parties, rent other halls for our own events,   and you will hate us all the more. Guaranteed. 100%.
These protesters are mostly the same middle class white demographic that show up at anti pipeline demonstrations wearing clown suits
I appreciate your article - it's great to get more information and views on this hugely important topic and there's a lot you say that I think is very valid. I'm also fine with DA slamming. The reference to Dewey and his statements about experts being a 'class' with 'private interests and private knowledge' is an important reminder. My trust in you as an 'expert' and opinion influencer was negatively impacted by just one clause in your whole article "The DA and its white independent experts" where I genuinely feel that the race of the so-called independent experts is completely irrelevant. Later you talk about "DA-leaning experts" and refer to them as 'misguiding' us - perfectly acceptable language use to criticise them. I'd be happy with terms like 'vested interest/one-sided/narrow-minded/ignorant/' and endless others to highlight the limitations in their thinking. My experience is that limited, narrow-minded thinking transcends race and class and gender.
I suggest Western Woods that you take a class in postmodernism, as your claim is hurtful and objectionable to many communities.   "Reason" is a construct devised by white heterosexual males.
a few? what percentage? the same percent as the percent of white males in the general population Not even close
Irrelevant? Obviously, you never heard of inheritance and heirs, ancestors and heritage. If the Hawaiian ancestry, legacy, heritage, and inheritance are babble to you, then yours is the same. You have no right to be here due to dead people. Your constant, incessant litany and harangue have made it very clear you are not a friend of the Native Hawaiian people. Also, history is about what dead people did to dead people but your sour grapes will probably not recognize any significance in that subject either. Your continuing mangling of Hawaiian history is representative of so many white people i have encountered in Hawaii. Why are you even here? By the right of dead people? Your comments are nonsensical.
Seems you missed my point that people are jumping ship on Trump regardless of affiliation or non-affiliation, and the Republican party is now split because of the alt right's extremist platform, and its embrace of White nationalists.   And then you get people like Ryan, whose budget is a boon for the wealthy, but not so much for mainstream Americans. And let's not forget the GOP reps saying and doing nothing to curb Trump's antics -- cowards too afraid of the GOP extremists.   And there's Trump himself, whose agenda has to-date been anti-American.   "https://trofire.com/2017/08/27/trump-no-one-left-rabbis-ceos-scientists-independents-abandon-president/
Right.  And what's the percentage of murderers, serial killers and child molesters among white Americans?  You gotta live with that, too.  The problem with human beings is that they're good, bad and mostly indifferent.
Why do we tend to believe whatever the controlled media says. The real problem is not Zuma or the Guptas but the media which is being controlled by the white media who keep misleading us and framing fake stories.
The Trump administration has been horribly compromised.  The senate needs to appoint an independent special counsel to investigate the extent of this compromise and if there are any other ties between the national security council or other white house staff and the kremlin.
What the liberals don't get is that you do not unite by demanding special attention to certain groups.  When you single out groups, you divide, regardless of what good intention you might have.  We who want a united country are sickened every day by hearing about this special interest group or that special interest group making demands over the general population.  "LGBT rights," "Black rights," NAACP, "Latino rights," "Women's rights," "The poor," and the labels go on and on.  Aside from being anti-White, anti-male, anti-reproduction, and anti-money, what do these labels do but divide us?  When has anyone in this administration praised one group over another or sought special privilege for one group over another?  The distinction this President makes is Americans and the rest of the world who seek to divide us and hurt us.  Meanwhile, the leftists criticize America and promote divisiveness through Alinsky tactics  Shame.
Robert Mueller’s Russia probe has now interviewed young White House advisor Stephen Miller.      The focus is on Miller’s knowledge of and possible involvement in the firing of James Comey.    http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/stephen-miller-james-comey-and-the-mystery-of-the-secret-hour  You might remember Miller, …he's the guy who was flashing White Power gang signs in the White House.  Where has that little Nazi emoji gone, the one we used to have, the one with the swastika neck tattoo?
The Supreme traitors continue to legislate from the bench in every aspect of law to deny human rights to everyone except the white populace.  Just the return to the Old South human right violations allowed to exist in this nation by previous falsely titled jurists.  The 4 conservatives are the worst of their kind since Reconstruction and the worst of all is Clarence Thomas who is a traitor to the nation and his race.
I completely agree with you Nhlanhla. Often time people are punished for the sins of the past when they have nothing to do with it. I dont deny that racism exists everywhere. I have experienced white racism. I have also experienced black racism. I have also experienced prejudice by people within my own indian community. To suggest that  racism  is unique to any particular race group is a prejudiced statement in its own right. Until we extend our human consciousness to the plight of millions of our fellow SOUTH AFRICANS who are suffering we will never live in a harmonious society. We need to get off our behinds and start doing concrete things that make a difference to peoples well being. Our discourse is being dictated and monopolised by corrupt politicians who stir up racial tensions to further their own agenda. In the meantime we have real problems..... 55% below the poverty line
I beg to differ. Trump lost the popular election by 3 million votes. He was given the presidency by 77 rich white men (he received 77 more electoral votes than Clinton).
From the words of Frederick Douglass:  He was no fan of "race pride," counting it a "positive evil" and a "false foundation."  For the better part of American history, black Americans wanted nothing to do with a color line that set them apart from other Americans.  "It has long been the desire of our enemies to deepen and widen the line of separation between the white and colored people of this country."  For Douglass, the only relevant minority in America was the minority of one -the individual.  The government of all should be partial to none."    "The politics of identity make the present a prisoner of the past, with individuals viewed chiefly through the lens of race or other arbitrary characteristics."   Douglass argued for identifying with AMERICA...!  Oh, if only we had more real thinkers today instead of people dressed as journalists who just want notoriety!  Thank goodness, we still have the words of people like Frederick Douglass, a real former slave!
Note all the white folks in all the photos. This is a predominately white area. Obama is done and could care less and Hillary sees no vote pickup in that demographic.  Isn't it interesting, if a republican goes down, it's interfering, if not its neglect. A demo rate can do either and its 100% right and compassionate.  So many child's left behind, so many.
"Critical thinking" is a curriculum "Unit". This flyer is based on a major fallacy. However, note that Angela's page does not address that actual education issues out there - vouchers, privatizing, charter schools (Edwards' first attempt was all-white, etc.)science vs theocracy, and so on. Given a political science degree, I would expect a school board candidate to address well-known specific issues like I mentioned. I taught poor minority children, some future Dreamers, and some the children of undocumented immigrants. Gladly. I would like to see what the Denver Post "Investigative Board" has to say instead of the DP pundit board. No fan.
The anti-government assault on the nation was begun in modern time by the Hunt Oil Family of Texas.  They funded Baptist preachers and John Birch Society mouthpieces on 50,000 Watt radio stations beginning in the 1940s on into the 1960s.  All of them proclaiming our government as evil.  Their initial success was the Goldwater nomination in 1964 which brought the anti-government ideology to the forefront of the Republican Party to replace the former Moderate wings of the Rockefellers.  White Supremacists rose up to rail against Civil Rights for non-whites combining Old South Democrats with Oil Republicans and Western cattle ranchers; all the greatest benefactors of government spending, but never enough for the greedy ones.  After Nixon blew the Dictatorship opportunity set up by assassinations and War, Daddy Koch and his fellow Oil creeps began the full-scale propaganda and bribery schemes to infiltrate state government.  The final success was the Trump election.  A Nation in Peril.
I'll try to make it very simple for you.  You tried to make it sound as though there were 1000 cases of white supremasist terror that are under investigation. When in fact the article you linked to said "domestic terrorists", which come in all colors.  I pointed out that white domestic terrorist Bill Ayers was friendly with Obama (including hosting a campaign event for Obama in his home)  You said that was irrelevant because it was in the past.  I pointed out that  many lefties seem to think it's relevant to bring up the atrocities occurring in the Middle Ages by Christians, when anyone mentions the current (as in, today) atrocities happening now by an alarming number of extremists in the name of their religion.  Are you able to connect the dots?
The reason no KKK member or neo- Nazi wouldn't have voted for Barack Obama had less to do with him being black and more to do with his pronouncement that he wanted to fundamentally change America.  And Obama's successes in trying to fundamentally change America lead to Trump as president.  Such a small % of Trump's base is made up of white supremacists and neo-Nazis that it is ridiculous to claim that Trump was elected on their vote.  Even more ridiculous is the idea that the Democratic Party became pure somewhere along the way.  What the Democratic Party has done is to move from liberal to progressive.  That's why Southern Democrats are fleeing the Democratic Party, they don't want America fundamentally changed.
...White House:  Trump's condemnation includes "white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups"...  True. Everyone except haters acknowledge that.  However the Anti-Trump Faction considers President Trump, and those who voted for or support him, to be on par w/those aforementioned Organizations.
That's because they and their families don't pony up the money for good attorney's and they often cop pleas because of their guilt .  By proportion they commit more crimes , which explains why by proportion there are so many in prison .  During recent riots you didn't see large groups of whites looting stores and destroying property.  In Chicago you only see blacks slaughtering each other by the thousands . Hopefully Trump will work to reduce crime and has promised to help in inner cities where the black on black crime is out of control.  All lives matter and we need to get to work saving them. Letting drug dealers out of prison without paying their debt to society will just lead to more crime and repeat offenders . Shame on Obama for that.  Through his two terms Obama has always looked at issues by color . Knocking the police and not calling for calm.  He has fanned the flames of racism at every turn . I knew he would pardon as many as possible before leaving office . No surprise.
It was evacuated when they spotted white people there
I AM a Southern white male, and I can say with some authority, that collard greens and cornbread are common SOUTHERN FOODS in both black and white households in the SOUTH, especially in small towns and among folks of modest means.  That said, I also note from the photos that they also apparently served pulled pork sandwiches, yet another common SOUTHERN food item, but yet no-one complained about the pulled pork.  I guess there are no unhappy associations with pulled pork BBQ.  Duly noted: everyone likes a good pulled pork sandwich.  Nice to know there is something on which we can all agree.
Assimilation of immigrants from Europe required learning to be white. The immigrants that got here before you resent and fear the new immigrants until they assimilate. That is how Irish immigrants were treated until they became white. There were "no Irish or dogs allowed" signs before the Civil War. They don't brag about it once they assimilate, that is part of the deal. That allows for the illusion of equal rights. Being white is a real advantage. For example, white folks aren't racially profiled. This even while the vast majority of mass shooters have been loner white men with guns. Heck, the GOP wants to give guns to mentally ill whites, while blacks can be shot for mere suspicion of being armed. That is white privilege in action. This made it impossible for racial minorities to fully assimilate, thus we never got equal rights in actual practice, to this day. All lives don't matter in America, they never have.
Yet you have no problem with McCallum as Ambassador to China, an older white guy and Liberal party hack. Too funny!
No one is denying your free speech; witness this rally in the US or your comments here.  What we're denying you is agreement that your views, on anything and everything, are automatically correct because you are white.  They are not and you need to buckle down and develop some resonated argument(s) to support your views.   Which will be very difficult, but go on,  give it a try.
"Increased immigration will also allow Oregon to become a more diverse society, that is no longer dominated by white racism, as it currently is."..... "dominated by white racism"? What a crock of bologna!
Tiki torch Sylvia here to preach her gospel of white nationalism. She's about one comment away from crying about the alt-right neo-Nazi trope, "white genocide". Maybe if she does use that term, she'll get retweeted by the White Nationalist In Chief as he has done before. And look at how popular her white nationalism is with the Trump faithful. Becoming impossible to distinguish the white supremacist movement from the Republican rank and file.
White makes? Undereducated? Hmmmmmm! LOL!
651, please give us a year and date when white racism stopped effecting public policy. Then we can start studying how you have been disadvantaged by black people. To me, you sound upset that you can't beat black folks in a 100 yard sprint. That is your problem, not the guy that is faster.
My suggestion to post the pictures was not to point out what race they are. While I agree, the name leads one to make an assumption, we should never have to assume.    My point was to get their picture out to people that they may try hiding inside their establishments.  When they check in, their picture would tip them off to call the police once they settled in.  ADN is the only ones that worry about what race a alleged criminal is.  I don't care what race they are.  Let the chips fall where they lay.  White, black, yellow red, or green, it doesn't matter as long as they're wearing orange with a prison name on their back!
You're talking about the antiwar movement. On Civil Rights, the "heavy lifting" SHOULD have been picked up by the state after 1964-65. At least this was the deal that LBJ made with MLK.   The fact is, though, that the federal government reneged on the deal almost as soon as the ink was dry.  After MLK's assassination in 1968 it was difficult for many people to see that the deal was still in effect at all: hence the Black Power Movement.  If governments want peace, they're going to have to honor that deal, and the most basic condition of it was that white supremacism is against the law. In other words, the AntiFa are only doing what the government should be doing: suppressing white supremacism.
A long time ago, in the 1960's-1970's my mother used to volunteer for a group called "Welcome Wagon" that used to contact new arrivals in Eugene and bring them presents, city information and coupons for local businesses.   At some point, some blacks moved to Eugene and the question in the organization (all white) was what to do with newly arrived blacks.  Would they get the same greeting?  Should they get the same welcome as white arrivals?  It made a very uncomfortable situation.  The majority view seemed to be that "Negroes" (the polite term at the time) would not be welcomed in the same way and  my mother left the program.  If anyone can resurrect a "Welcome Wagon" photo for a black family in the 60's to 70's I will be amazed and respond with admiration for the person who made it happen.
Never mind "the elites" needing a crash course in populism, the most threatened group are non-white Canadians.  If anything, non-white Canadians should take steps to protect their persons and property from the Euro-Canadian populists.  One look no further than Bissonette to see what Euro-Canadian populists are capable of doing to unarmed people in a house of prayer.  Today, the target may be muslims, but tomorrow?  Blacks? Natives? Asians?   Likewise, the LGBTQ community should do the same thing, as they seem to be seen as a threat by these populists as well.  Watch your children, and watch out for those who exhibit the classic "lynch mob" mentality that was so prevalent in yesteryear.  More than anything, non-white Canadians should guard against the divide and conquer tactics where these populists will try to enlist communities of color to fight each other on behalf of the populists.
There can be NO debate on settled Catholic teachings.  What Martin advocates -- the normalization of homosexual relationships -- is an impossibility.  You may as well ask that atheism be considered compatible with Catholicism.  It would be better for all if some of you NCR apostatees simply left the Catholic Church and worked your sinister nonsense in some left-wing Protestant Church that has a life expectancy past 5 years (there might be a few left).  The Catholic Church is not endorsing the moral squalor of San Francisco or the Upper West Side of Manhtatan, so fuhgeddaboutit.  I want to thank those of you who contributed money and time to the CatholicsForTrump campaign last Summer.  We registered over 200,000 mostly-white Catholics in swing states and DEFINITELY impacted Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan.  I hope some of you saw the piece on us on OAN News. We are a growing force in American politics and bigger and better things are ahead for us in 2018 and 2020.
You mean if a White player was protesting police brutality against white people? That's already been done. I doubt fans would have a big problem with that. The Little Guy
Caption on the group picture, "No we Love Mr.Trump. he looked like white man dipped in Kim chee sauce". Gochujang sauce.
"we never had immigration on this scale."  Ah . . .  yes we did.    Immigration was actually higher compared to the size of the population of Canada at the turn of the previous century and again following WW2.  BUT, the difference back then was that everyone was white and Christian (aka European for the most part).  It was policy.    By the late 60's immigration from Europe began to dropped off because there was no longer an economic incentive to level one's country.   Following the collapse of the USSR, immigration from eastern Europe increased the Caucasian immigration, but it has not outpaced the non Caucasians.  I do not mean to suggest that current immigration is low.  With the temporary foreign worker program and the fact universities are so under funded by government, causing them to aggressively market to foreign students @ twice the tuition or more (education is now  a major export) immigration is high when compared to employment the opportunities of today vs. the 1950's.
Who knows who the new anchor will be.  We'll just have to wait for the puff of white smoke from the CBC's chimney.  Sic transit gloria mundi!
If they identify as "white" then why do you differentiate and call them "Latinos, Asians and Native Americans"?      Identifying as something or someone you aren't seems to be the latest fad.   Check it....  NEWS - "A biological male who identifies as a woman has been arrested for taking pictures of a woman in the changing room of a Target store."    "On June 22, police in New Hampshire arrested 22-year-old Zachary Bishop for recording underage girls in the Target changing room."    https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/transgender-male-arrested-for-taking-pictures-of-woman-in-target-changing-r
Great Mayor. He should run for DNC chair. Trump did NOT court white nationalists. More fake news.
You are quite accurate Wholesome Goodness. Good post.  Often the left refers to people who do not have the same views as them as white supremacists, but in truth they do not want to be supreme over anyone. And further they do not hate those of other religions, colour or ethnic backgrounds. Just because you want to protect your heritage, religion and freedom of speech does not label you a purveyor of hate as some of this forum have stated.
Is Kingwell saying, in effect, ignore anyone you don't like?   That doesn't work.   We already live, each in our own bubble. But it's a bubble in which we like to communicate at our own social convenience, ignoring most people, communicating with a few. It doesn't work for social harmony.  Where there's fear and terror and greed; insecurity, fierce competiton and unpredictable change, there will always be plenty of pain and hatred.  If love and understanding can't conquer fear and hate, informed ignorant indifference will only compound the enmity among individuals and groups.     But we can at least understand the societal forces that keep people always insecure by switching designating scapegoats. Today's biggest source of hatred isn't the divide between left and right, black and white, male and female. It's between haves and have nots.   That's the psycho-philosophical article that needs to be written on a daily basis: Why do the powerful create designated scapegoats?
And still not enough to operate and maintain this white elephant. Add another billion for that too. And eventually, it will become too old and costly to maintain and you will need money to tear that thing down also.
" I remembered I was an American and it didn't really matter to me. Not one bit."  Says the white guy.
You mean like how white people have the majority benefits now especially because they currently hold the majority of all positions of authority, despite the fact that people of color filled these lands for thousands of years longer than whites have been here?
The real "voter fraud" concerns how Republicans have managed to gerrymander voting districts to contain mostly white people, and undertaking exhaustive, nationwide efforts to make sure that poor and dark-skinned people have the greatest possible difficulty to vote.  Stephen J. Remington
Because they fail to see how alike the holocaust and colonialism was. Two system that dehumanized people, oppressed them, turned them into second-hand citizens, deprived them of property and ultimately slaughtered millions of them (Leopold I alone slaughtered at least 10 million Africans in the Belgian Congo - arguably the largest single genocide in history).  Obviously they had nothing in common, right ?  Sarcasm aside, there is only two reasons they don't see the similarity.  1) Because the victims in the latter were black, and post-WW2 anti-semitism fell out of favour among whites 2) Because if they did admit it, they fear they may (like Germany) be obliged to pay reparations.
I'm still waiting for Mr. Conklin to make a valid point as to why he believes that its ok for the people of the Kingdom of Hawai'i to be forced to live under the unlawful, oppressive occupation of a foreign government.  What gives the United States government the right to overthrow our lawfully elected government and replace it with and unelected government run by a small group of white supremacist racists ? I'd really enjoy hearing Mr. Conklin's opinion on how the overthrow of a peaceful, neutral ally is somehow just... I'm still waiting.
When did Trump say he supported white supremacists? Not one of his statements did he say that and in fact I specifically heard him call them vile and have no place in America.
Your worries should be broader.  Secretly holding views outside the workplace is fine. When those views come to the surface in the workplace in the form of HR departments intentional actions that impact superiorly qualified old white guys, privacy rights work both ways.  Especially when HR departments are covertly targeting and creating barriers to a protected class of citizens.  More old white guys are coming forward.  There is more effort to protect illegal aliens by government than old white guys. When the right to privacy card is played, that's when organizations with Wikileaks dark web mining capability make sure that such rights don't "trump" (pun intended) the 1964 Civil Rights Act. And more employers are holding their employees accountable on what they say on social media forum out from the shadows.  Trump has made this all ok.  It's all free speech and as far as privacy goes, the wild west, especially on the dark web.  You have no idea.
I agree (somewhat) with your first point, but you are flat out wrong on the second.  "Reason" is decidedly not a white heterosexual male "construct".  Reason is a thinking process that focuses on logic, and all nationalities, genders, and sexual orientations can do it.
Alaska Dispatch: Why have you not continually reported on the Tennessee mass shooting at a church 4 days ago? Your news article on it: https://www.adn.com/nation-world/2017/09/24/one-dead-six-injured-in-shooting-at-nashville-church/ . Was only posted for less than 8 hours and drew only 4 comments, at the time of this posting. . It is abundantly clear that the mainstream media is NOT reporting on this story to us because it does NOT fit their narrative: the killer is black, he killed a predominantly white church, and he was stopped by a good guy with a gun: . This is what drove Alice Rogoff into the ground (besides her airplane): not knowing her customer. If you won't report on it, then people will go to the outlets who ARE reporting on it: . http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/09/25/meet-the-good-guy-with-a-gun-who-stopped-a-mass-shooting-at-nashville-area-church/ . http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/09/27/tennessee-church-shooting-suspect-has-court-date-wednesday.html
It is refreshing to finally have somebody in the White House that is putting the American people and the Country first.
How can you be so sure they earned them on merit?  Maybe the over representation of white males on the bench is indicative that merit was not the primary factor in their selection.
Alcan was built in 1942, Gigi, you keep making references to Truman and what he did in 1948. Two events got nothing to do with each other even although you seem to think so. You also seem to think that everyone thinks that ALCAN  project was an all white thing but people who studied history knows that it isn't. Ignorant people can think anything they want but if they want to know, they have to read and study. Alcan was initially an all white effort until they were reinforced by four black engineer regiments. They made up 33% of the work force. Simple fact is, Gigi, just because YOU didn't know, doesn't mean other people didn't know. I have known about black contribution on the ALCAN since the 1970s. Its not that hard to figure that out even back then. I didn't say anything about Code Talkers outside of saying that the Nicholas Cage movie about them is a joke and an insult to the real talkers. You shouldn't mixed 1942 event with 1948 events.
So I looked up your recommended book on amazon.  It's a white nationalist tract.  Mind pollution for the alt right crowd.
What a smear, what a smear. Paint Trump as a white supremacist, so that anyone who supports him must be guilty by association, and fewer people will openly support him.   This is a tactic people, not a truth.   It's all noise, and if you think there were no paid provocateurs at Charlottesville, you're naive. This was an orchestrated event to further smear the President.   What you're seeing and reading about is a movement to overthrow a democratically elected president. Surely, that's painfully obvious by now?  That's what everyone on both sides of the political spectrum should be worried about: undermining democracy to replace it with neo-liberal fascism.   And it's all happening right before your eyes, and on your watch.
In my opinion, this officer was wrong in shooting this man in the back and should be held accountable for his actions. I will say that I have heard that the jury is comprised of 11 whites and one black person. I would find it very interesting if the one juror who could not convict was the one black person on the jury. I wonder how the left and others will react to that? Just curious.
What is your definition of fee speech then Ross. Like all Liberal Communist types you define free speech as a speech that agrees with your twisted view  It is your view that is twisted,  We are trying to ensure our country isn't taken over by sharia law.  You come to Canada you become Canadian first, not Muslim first. You do not bring your hate of Christians with you  That is not racist.   To educate yourself instead of yapping form your couch, go to Britain and go onto the 100's of no=go zones where white Christians are beaten by Muslim gangs. That will change you...  It changed me when I was beaten
This effort makes a lot more sense once you realize that Trump is a butthurt nativist who still cannot get over that he lost the popular vote AND had terrible turnout at his Inauguration.   It also makes a lot more sense once you realize the Republicans have had a decades-long desire and effort to REDUCE voter turnout, most especially targeted at demographics not likely to vote for them.   It also really comes together once you understand Kobach is a white supremacist, and because of that, shouldn't be anywhere near such an effort as this, so, naturally, Trump put him in charge of it.  https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2017/06/08/kris-kobach-legal-counsel-hate-group-and-architect-unconstitutional-anti-immigrant-laws
Its irksome when people whitewash MLK's legacy, turning him into milquetoast, pick and choose his words to suit their uninformed, mean spirited, simple-minded arguments. I suspect that were MLK alive today the people quoting him would hate him as much as he was hated then and the way BLM is hated now. These people clearly know nothing of him beyond his I have a dream speech. His letters from birmingham jail, among other writings show, MLK didn’t just talk about ‘non-violence’ he talked about non-violent RESISTANCE and disruption/activism - like crippling Montgomery’s transportation system for 13 mths. We freak out if our system is down a a couple of hours. He said that freedom is never given by the oppressor, it must be demanded by the oppressed. He also said ‘the only people worse than the white citizens council and the kkk were the white moderates who say, “I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action.”
Well said about desalination. I think the neglect of the past is understandable, but what fills me with hope is the progress that is apparently being made these days, necessity being the mother of invention and so on. The very fact that the cost of solar power has decreased spectacularly on the last few years is testament to that. The major problem are the naysayers, like this Davison woman perhaps, who refuse to accept that a different dynamic is at play. Mind you, she seems so anti-white and anti-DA, you wonder what her motives are.  For example, someone who writes rubbish about Cape Town like "It is almost exactly like that Neill Blomkamp sci-fi flick Elysium, where the wealthy live in a space station and the poor scrabble for survival on blighted Earth" without mentioning the white beggars all over the place really doesn't have much grasp on reality anyway?
Racial profiling makes equal protection under the law impossible. Our national original sin, white racism, is alive and well in the 21st century. The good news is that younger white folks tend to be less racist than their elders. In another 200 years, all lives might matter. Unfortunately, the GOP has become a white identity party. Trump is the proof. The KKK has endorsed Trump. They had not endorsed a presidential candidate since George Wallace.
This was proven beyond a doubt when the Dallas Cowboys, after much discussion between players, coaches, and owners, decided to kneel BEFORE the anthem was played in solidarity for the protest against police brutality toward black people.  They stood for the anthem. Got that?  They still got booed for kneeling.  They got booed for exercising their right to protest white supremacy.
There's lots of reasons why some groups of women get abortions more than others and they're generally economic but why you'd be bringing it up as if you care or as if it has anything to do with you GBA is really silly. You don't care that black women have a higher poverty rate or that women, in general, have a higher poverty rate compared to men, in general, so why are you even bringing it up?  What is more, the answers to the questions you pose to Mr. Dalton you could easily answer by doing a little research yourself. In poorer countries, like in poorer communities, white and black, there are higher homicide rates compared to groups and communities that are fortunate enough to be better off economically. Most of the criminal activity engaged in by the affluent goes probably goes unpunished with the help of lawyers, Donald Trump is a case in point. Next topic: Why do men commit the vast majority of violent crimes?
White pro wrestlers like Hulk Hogan, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Randy "Macho Man" Savage,  Ravishing Rex Rude et al woulda put the smackdown on NFL players.......  suplexes, piledrivers, body slams, clothelines, figure 4 leg locks.   No contest.
This minister is no intellectual: the thoughtless will always be the prisoner of other people's thoughts.  All he and the ANC are capable of is blaming whites (and in this case a not so black ANC member) for their corrupt policies.  It is clear, their only economic plan is to distribute the wealth of SA citizens (whites),  to immigrant Indians and those appointed by Zuma and to transfer the "white wealth" to Dubai.  Any one is free to buy shares, even one share per month and share in the so called wealth on the JSE, which are the job creators. Land in itself does not produce wealth, if this was true, then the traditional leaders and their subjects would have been the wealthiest people in SA.  Perhaps this minister should pay attention to crime in SA and not try to write "columns". To quote Engels, and 20th century communist ideals is so yesterday, and not worth reading.
That's the first I heard that Antifa are anti-Semites.  That must be fake news.  I have read they are anti-racists and anti-racism.   Antifa goes Neo Nazis and White Supremacists, which are anti-semites.  So, I think if you consider your statement fake news, then I'd have to agree with your statement being fake.
But that's the thing: The DA only has white voters to lose, as things stand. They can't bargain on gaining black voters, especially since they haven't been making much progress in this regard, and especially not from someone like Maimane who I do not think appeals to the majority of black voters in the slightest.
White soldiers outnumbered blacks by a ratio of 8-1 and natives by a total of 100-1    WW2 stats. FYI all are to be applauded.
I'm sorry but it is a delusion. What would you say if I told you that I believe I am actually a black male incorrectly born as a white male?  What if I had surgery to pigment my skin and change my hair characteristics to appear as a black person?  Would you tell me that yes, I was now a black male?   Tragically many people are born with numerous disabilities and medical issues.  The answer is not to confirm a delusional belief, but to assist the person in dealing with their specific issue. It is a cross that many must bear in this world we live in.
So a person's level of education determines their value to America ? I'll bet you think those without a college degree should shut up on issues and remain silent and let rocket scientists like you speak for the little people.  Why do you appear to hate white people ?   There is zero doubt a wall would stop many people , drugs , and terrorists from entering America . Why on earth would you not support something that would help our country ?    You can tell when a person doesn't have what's right on their side when they have to resort to child like name calling like " trumpeters ".    Why are you so afraid of a wall ?   And more importantly who's side are you on ?  Clearly not America's .
Regardless of what anyone believes, we need low-skilled workers for menial jobs, and those aren't going to come from white Americans.
When did the left get to be so Euro-centric? Isn't Euro-centrism a relic of American racism? You people sure are inconsistent. We participated in the disastrous UN adventure in Somalia because Clinton was afraid of criticism from the left should he do something about the savagery in Bosnia. Bosnia, in the words of the left, "was a rich white man's war." Like the Bosnians were really rich. So I think we should get out of NATO and Europe completely just to show we're not racist. We'd be crazy to get involved in another European war. And I guarantee you there's going to be one.
I just checked the FAIR listing at SPLC.  <<"As Whites see their power and control over their lives declining, will they simply go quietly into the night? Or will there be an explosion?"  — FAIR founder and board member John Tanton, Oct. 10, 1986>>  Yep. Another forerunner of the alt right. Then there's this:  <<In the memos [late 1980s], Tanton, sounding much like the Klan of the 1920s, expressed concerns over the role of the Catholic Church in the United States, a favorite topic of his. He worried that the Church would capitalize on the Catholic faith of Latino immigrants to exert more political influence in the U.S. Specifically, he thought the church would try to subvert the division between church and state and limit abortion and birth control.>>  Wow. The irony.
Peter:  As I'veposted before, I'm an ardent supporter of "non-voilent" protest.  It's difficult to achieve "non-violence" when the clear purpose of the white suipremacists is, in fact, violence.  Make no mistake, they were ready for and perpetrated violence.  The video of the African american gentleman being beaten in the parking garage shows that.  ....and, of course, the use of an auto as an instrument of domestic violence testifies to the same thing.  I readily admit antifa and a small minority of the individuals counter-protesting were ready for a fight too.  However, if you look at the video record you will see "old folks" (many look about my age) and women.  These folks were NOT spoiling for a fight.  "it was still poked and the reaction was predictable."  This is a key issue....obviously, the white supremacists are a very intimidating group......I think that's no accident.  Should those of use who oppose their racism simply "stay away" and not confront them?  GCrum
AlwaysThere I assume your comment on Coretta Scott King's letter "did not meet civility standards". But CivilComments copied this much of it to my email before it disappeared. ` "It is a rant against a person who was prosecuting suspected voter fraud who were acquitted. Tell her to get over it, and how dare Warren ..." ` Your thoughts Coretta King's letter (however brief)  are surprising candid, hateful and ignorant.  And in the 21st century, amazing to read.  But the election of Trump to the presidency, has opened a pandora's box of  racists, white supremacists, and other assorted hate mongers. My hope is that America will survive the plague of the Trump years. My fear is that it won't.
SirJohnwhatever writes:  "White male consciousness is rising."  -- Does that mean you'll be conscious soon?
Trump spoke at the funeral of the 5 Dallas police officers.   https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2016/07/12/remarks-president-memorial-service-fallen-dallas-police-officers  I don't understand how blaming Black Lives Matter for the killings is your defense of white nationalist violence and killings.  Obviously Black Lives Matter does not support violence against anyone.  Quit using this talking point.  It is disgusting and offensive to the families of the officers killed.
You obviously know little of the time period.  The union represented white supremacist views far more than the south.  The north often did not even want blacks living amongst them.  The Confederate battle flag represents all that is good and Noble inaccurate traditional southern culture,  tolerance and self determination.  Only the uneducated think otherwise.
"Hatred for Trump voters also leaves the Democratic Party more removed from working-class pain. For people in their 50s, mortality rates for poorly educated whites have soared since 2000 and are now higher than for blacks at all education levels. Professors Angus Deaton and Anne Case of Princeton University say the reason is “deaths of despair” arising from suicide, drugs and alcohol."  It's not just  “deaths of despair”. According to a documentary I watched a while back, the health of an individual, or a neighborhood, in the US depends on class -- the less money you have the more likely you are to be sick. The main reason given was that working-class people are under more economics stress. Most middle-class people simply don't get this.  The main political conflict is not geographic -- rural vs. urban -- or Democrats vs. Republicans, it's class against class. What's good for the rich and middle class, if only in the short run, is not good for the working class and poor.
"Plenty of us "ordinary people" fight for freedom, and I'll fight to let all Americans (not just the ones who wore uniforms) express their feelings and frustrations in any way they feel justified." So you fight for the white supremacists ability to march in Charlottesville?
Oh Pocho.  So glad I have you on the reply hook.  Whatever, not sure what tic, toc, tic, toc.... means.  Did your high school diploma help you come up with that?  Check out the above photo.  Which of the racists in the photo do you most identify with?   I'm guessing the three fat white guys in the front.  You may not even be white, but those three guys are certainly your people.  Oh maybe tic, toc, tic, toc represents the slow downward spiral all you trumpians are in as you realize how much Trump really cares about all you ill-informed, overweight, fox-news-watching, trump-sycophants.  Please keep up the good work and reply so that we proud liberals in a proud liberal State can see how deranged 30% of the Hawaii population really is.  You still haven't given us the list of Trump accomplishments. Don't be shy, I'm sure you can get the list from Fox.  I need another good laugh. Thanks again.
a muslim calling out canada for misogyny. thats rich. who are "whites" anyway? do they include the halfbreeds running the mmiw, jews, "white" syrians? a vacation to india, any muslim country, or africa usually shuts these snowflakes up pretty quickly. i think these mulsim women are projecting their own oppression.
I look in the mirror every morning and see an old white guy who does not think it's appropriate to demean an intelligent, capable woman by referring to her as a "doll". No sexism on my part, just a realistic assessment of why the Conservative party is out of step with the majority of Canadians, especially female voters, and what that means for its electoral chances.
what do you mean by preserving richmond do you mean white history ? I thibk you need to accept that you are a minority in the city as for Agricultureal land its not the govt job to tell citizens what to do with it
So is it your contention that more books are being read now in Peel region.  Highly doubt that.  So if new books are being added, stands to reason something is being displaced.  So yes, classic English literature is being pushed aside to make room for unproven PC books of questionable literary merit that contain strong anti-white messages.   But apart from that, it sounds like a great idea.
yes, it does. You keep avoiding the fact they reclassified pot as a narcotic more dangerous than heroin. This is blatant perjury. yes, opium was banned, the Chinese smoked it. These laws criminalizing drug use are as racist as they come. It's not different than when crack convictions were far more harsher than snorting cocaine. White wall street bankers snort coke, black people smoke crack. The laws are racist history from day 1.
Go Trump!!! I was always against school's affirmative-action biases.  I am NOT White either. In California, Orientals (Chinese, Japanese, Koreans, etc.) who scored high were denied acceptance into UC-Berkeley to make room for Blacks and Latinos. Entry should be based on test-scores.
So what you are saying is that there should be a white only immigration policy, like pre-1965? Because that is not "noticeable'. Interesting, since the not-noticeable Irish, Jews, Italians, etc faced extreme discrimination when they were coming in. The Jews were not allowed into Canada or the USA when they were being slaughtered in Europe. While Germans have always been allowed in.
I'm sorry you think we live in hell. I'm comfortable and think the future looks bright. Of course, I have no white privilege to miss.
Horse manure.  Apparently Barack Obama; Dr. Ben Carson (son of poor single mother); Gen Colin Powell; etc etc etc., All were able to 'unrig' the system and succeed despite the evil White Man 'keepin' 'em down'. Ahuh...Riiight...  And just WHY are Blacks not getting the education that can raise One up out of poverty? Billions of $$$$$ have been spent since the inception of "The Great Society"and still poor Graduation rates. The problem is the lack of good Fathers!
Quiz:  In 1850, what percent of U.S. citizens owned slaves?  What would your guess be?   25%?  35%  55%?  Not even close.  Only 1% of Americans.  In fact:  At the peak of black slavery in the South, only 6 percent of Southern whites owned slaves. If you include the white people in the North, it means that only 1.4 percent of white Americans owned black slaves at the HEIGHT of slavery. Also, an estimated 3,000 blacks owned a total of 20,000 black slaves in the year 1860.  Many people are living in a long-ago past that never existed.
It wasn't any shadowy international ghosts who have been trashing Jewish graveyards here.  And the white nationalist lingo identifies you as one of the tribal followers.
Trump is under investigation for his Russian ties, and he just proved that he's a White Supremacist sympathizer, if he isn't one himself.
BTW, How do you know I'm "white"?  There was a Polynesian King with the same name.
Nope, Eloisa. I believe that one who have not mixed with other non-White races or have little knowledge of people outside the White race, it is natural to think of Ruben as Reuben. Which explains the condescending and insulting --- "Reuben dear you seem to know a lot about being fake and false is it a local state of mind thing" "know a lot about being fake and false", Eloisa? How and where the heck did that come from, Eloisa? "is it a local state of mind"?, Eloisa?  The heck, Eloisa, I believe you have no cause or reason for citing one's "state of mind" as an insult, is it not?
I am dyslexic. I have a hard time remembering  names and faces.  Does that also make me racist if the person with a convoluted  name  is black despite my problems with white people named Jones?
Our founding fathers made sure race would be in every national issue when they built the country on race based slavery and ethnic cleansing of the locals. We have yet to achieve equal rights for all Americans. Racial profiling is unconstitutional. It negates the concept of innocent until proven guilty. Those are facts. What do you have against facts? Ignoring the role of race in this country is a white privilege. The rest of us better pay attention or die young.
Fact is a study came out of Harvard concerning police shootings. The author is a American-African. In large urban areas the police response is more aggressive in some cases, dealing with gangs, but not shootings. Overall, the number of citizens shot/killed by police shows no disparity or a racial bias. Hence, the number of whites, blacks, Hispanics ... is evenly matched and not by percentage per capita. So the conclusion, all of us, that is all of us, have the same chance given approach and response of taking rounds from police. Anchorage this week is an example. The last American-African I recall being shot and killed was a guy named "Smitty" by a trooper on Tudor Road behind that cowboy bar that's gone, over 35 years ago. Most shot and killed in Alaska are white, then natives.
Not to mention one of the hall marks of a bigot is to insight divisive division using unfounded, unhinged terms such as, "xenophobia"  " racist white America ", "not-white America" in which a bigot displays his/her ignorance by having no substantive intellectual objective argument to offer toward the advancement of mankind for the better.
The Trump manufactured NFL nonsense has its moments. At a press conference this afternoon Sarah Huckabee Sanders stated that Trump regards the NFL foolishness as a "black and white issue". I suppose those words can be afforded many interpretations but...........
That is what many white people told blacks in the south. "You need to get rid of that chip on your shoulder now go sit in the back of the bus."
Who have those folks raped, tortured, denied Constitutional rights, murdered. or profiled as criminals with the support of government? Does their behavior match the body counts of the white racists and their collaborators? Has anyone profiled you as a criminal for merely being present in public? If you don't have a good life, it is not because of any black folks. Take responsibility for your life choices if you are unhappy about your station in life. No organized group of black folks care about you and your life. There is not much they could do to you even if they wanted to, which they don't. Staying free and alive take up most of their time and energy. BTW, vandalism is not the moral equivalent to murder.
I'm sorry, but are you suggesting that white supremacy should be "tolerated"? Why?
bd:  Why do you assume I am a white guy?  I'm not lecturing anyone just stating my opinion.  I'm not stereotyping you although your handle leads me to think you are of color.  Regardless, it is irrelevant.  Belittling the President-elect by referring to him as "the orange dude" is disrespectful of the office and gives readers an inclination to disregard your thoughts.  I too hope and pray he is successful for the sake of all of us.
"white privilege"  Sounds like someone is using SJW-speak for white collective guilt....
So what you're saying is that unlike anyone else, only white males are able to provide unbiased rulings?   Or is it that you prefer the bias of a white male over the bias of anyone else? Just wondering.
I know you are pro life.   Does that mean anti-war?  Against harsh punishment for crimes?  Concerned about the disease, violence, abuse generally found in area's of poverty, black, white, urban, rural?    Failed schools that can't provide a quality experience for children.   How about the young adult who dies of violence, the middle age man who dies from heart disease.  How about the old woman who is cold in house that she can't afford heat?  I understand your feeling that the life starts at conception.    But if love means acceptance and defense of a life, it has to be continuous through the death experience.   The adult is already rooted in the fetus, we know the genetics and contribution to the child.   'The child' that feels love/hate, fear/security, happiness/pain, remains a part of all adults and shapes us in some way.   Every person in this room can remember significant childhood events.  Being pro-life should mean more than anti-abortion.  I bet it does for you.
They are not tories, they are from the northern foundation ideologies....  Stephen Harper was Reform Party Policy chief, at a time when it had numerous members of the white supremacist group Heritage Front as members. Trevor Harrison, further documents that Mr. Harper even had Heritage Front members doing security for Preston Manning at Reform Party events in Ontario. The Reform Party would evolve into the Alliance Party of Canada, which sought to take over the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada (PC Party) toward the formation of the "Conservative Party of Canada". The taking over of the PC Party was sought to provide legitimacy to a movement that was largely continued to be perceived a fringe group from Alberta. However, the current Conservative Party is still apparently governed by the same fringe Reform Party mentality, which in turn is linked with the architects of the far right Northern Foundation.
Bill, you're right, there's a lot of black racism that doesn't get called out in this politically correct American world we live in.  Some of it a lot worse than what you describe.  Example:  those white men in Kansas City who were murdered by a black serial killer who had explicitly talked about his hatred for white people.  Ask those men, or rather their families, if they feel they have benefited from this "white privilege."  Look it up:  this case didn't get terribly much publicity in the press, but it is there for those who want to see.    I believe that for the most part, what we make of life is our responsibility.  America is far different from what it was 50 years ago, and has been for most of that time.  Sure, growing up in a violence-ridden black slum in a place like Chicago is tough.  So is growing up in an opioid-ridden rural slum.  I don't hold the inhabitants of either place totally responsible for their situation.  Nor do I totally exculpate them, not by a long shot.
Donald Trump’s speech in Poland may have attempted to camouflage its Fascist undertones with some Nazi-bashing, but no one will be fooled. The speech was probably shaped by alt-Neo-Nazi Steve Bannon, White House strategist and enabler of the white supremacist roll of toilet paper known as Breitbart. Like all Fascist speeches, it configured the Fatherland as weak and a laughingstock, threatened imminently with being wiped out. It is this paranoia and poor self-image that drives Fascist aggression. Above all, Trump upholds the values of fear, timidity and paranoia. A small radical fringe in the Muslim world cannot menace America’s civilization. But a far right white nationalist president with serious mental issues can.
If you switch "white" with an opposite color, you will be checking out government dinner menu in few days. Yes, everyone is equal in front of laws.
I was born into and raised in the military as a military brat.  I went on to serve over 23 years myself.  I have seen just a small portion of the racism out there so stories like this seem surreal to me.  The military made everyone green, not black/white/red/yellow.  Racism is ugly and thankfully, it's no longer socially acceptable to the great majority of Americans.  However, it does still exist and in some ways has grown. Because of the changes in our society, racism has actually spread to more than just white racists.  We are now all truly equal as we have racism in all ethnic groups.
The essential problem here is too many white people don't know what the law says. Pre-Columbian remains are to be handed over to the Confederated Tribes. Period. The trouble began when the county coroner decided the skeleton was that of a white man, despite an obsidian arrowhead buried in the pelvis. He sent a fragment of bone off for carbon dating and it came back 10,000 years old. So the lunatic fringe started trumpeting "White people were here first! We are the original indigenous persons!" There are a number of fringe groups in the Columbia Basin promoting this. The scientists didn't seem to care what the law said. The irony is if they'd asked the Umatillas if they could do some testing they probably would have been given the OK. But they didn't bother to ask. Can anybody say "Same old same old?" The remains are probably that of an Aleut. But it doesn't matter. He's pre-Columbian and that means he belongs to the Confederated Tribes.
All our sport starts at school. Most of our successful non-white players have come from private or model C schools.The work ethic there is envied all over the world. There is a resistance by SADTU teachers to go the extra mile they are paid for. Govt needs to sort that out first. Only hard work will bring rewards not expectations or entitlement. The talent is there. How do you exploit it?
I think a lot of people think white nationalists kkk, neo-Nazis, Conservatives, Republicans are all the same. I guess its hard to tell them apart sometimes is why people think that way.
Isn't it great? They can bring back Capt Shipwreck and Lost in Space just for you and GAB. In black and white, just for old times sake.
"Trump knew the genuine concerns of the American people and that left-wing idealism only appealed to the minority ..."     Please...  The majority of Americans DID NOT VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP.  "had he not come across as somewhat bizarre he would have had a landslide against an opponent who seemed to be universally disliked and mistrusted"  -  yes a virtual EVE in the eyes of the right-wing religious extremists who are always assigning evil and blame to women.  Not so sure if Trump had "his finger on the pulse of the nation" or was just assuring some angry white voter's their GRABBING rights in an attempt to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.  NOT!
Try to keep up, mc.  My point is, this is today, not the 1800s.   I have done nothing to Charles to apologize for, and I doubt he expects me to.  I fight racism and bigotry, every day, in 2017, by speaking out and meeting 'non-whites' on level ground.  I may not always succeed, but I try.  You and your cohorts on this board seem stuck in the past.  What's the point of 'proving' the Democrats were once a different party?  You sound just like one of those people who look for someone to blame instead of a solution.  I will repeat: I expected more intelligence from one of your profession.
No, you're wrong! It's about the phrases 'racial inequality' and 'black millionaires' being used in the same sentence.  It's about me being accused of using white privilege. But some of my money goes to the black millionaire crybabies? Not anymore... Seems like my white privilege missed me somehow. Respect has to be earned, otherwise it's lost. Want respect? Start by cleaning up your neighborhoods, educating your kids and keeping your family's together. Stop robbing 7/11's. Otherwise??? Bring it on...
You are correct.  Just like the few incidents that have made the news (Pt Hope caribou and walrus slaughters, musk ox killings and wood bison shooting) nothing will happen to curb the lawlessness of the Bush.  Heck, maybe the "punishment" for these folks will be like the walrus poachers of Pt Hope - go out and kill more gray whales for the elders to eat.  If white folks did any of this, they would be in jail for years.  Double standards indeed.
Here is a thought, best not look at the blue color, but the white color, for they will be the problem.
It might benefit to have an open mind about a school that promotes quality education rather than presuming anything about this stellar school. I graduated from SEHS in 1973. We had required courses in Civics way back then and teachers who taught topics based on science and critical thought.  My criteria for a Stellar School? Highest per capita membership in the National honor society. Graduates who have gone on to found the first Nationwide Rape Crisis Hotline. Others have worked in State and Federal government. Yes one became the Director of a non-profit organization that enhanced the health and well-being of Millions of women and children.  One the White House Reporter for (have at it with your right wing slander but remember this is about Civil Comment) NPR.  Non-scientifically I can share from my limited knowledge shared by my women friends in this community at LEAST 1 in 6 have experienced date rape, criminal rape, or sexual harassment by a family member or friend.
So the success of white males is because of discrimination, or despite discrimination?  Mainly, the discrimination is non-existent.
Ugghhhh. The author's lazy reference to Mike Pence and identity politics is so typical of the weak, reflexive thinking of the left. Today, in THIS world, not in some future fictional dystopia, there is no place more like The Handmaid's Tale than Saudi Arabia, where women are IN LAW the property of men, where they cannot travel or associate, or enjoy physical or reproductive freedom. But the political comparison Balkissoon makes is to the US? What is so painful for the left about identifying genuine oppression if it exists among non-whites?
ah...no.  The police might be guilty of profiling.  Guess what?  When they tell you to drop the gun and get out of the car you do that regardless of whether its fair.  The police will not be charged for killing Scott if he refused to drop his weapon.  It doesn't matter that he had the right to carry a gun - the police assumed they were in danger.  They probably would have handled a white gun-totter different - I do not know.  As a white guy I do not take the chance, so my gun stays home.
The fact that his staff could not convince Trump to make the statement himself says everything. We have a white nationalist as our president, folks. It could not be clearer.
the Political Correct state school board placed a ban on all Indian mascots. This arrogance that knows no shame included banning the Indian mascots of sovereign Native American tribes. Every last justification given for this ban has been thoroughly debunked for the shameless pathological lies they are. This is teaching our children a racist stereotyping of our culture, forcing us Native Americans to fight for our culture, and why we overturned this ban, twice. As a recent Washington Post poll confirmed what every other legitimate poll taken has shown, 90% of us Red Skins overwhelmingly support Indian mascots.  It's okay to say white conservatives are out of touch with the black and brown community, but if I say I am a red skin Chickasaw, they call me a racist, and therein another example of how liberals shamelessly stereotype Native Americans. I'm out of space or I'd give more examples. Ornery Bear.
Blacks commit about 6x the rate of murder of whites and commit the far highest per capita rate of most crimes across the board, so it's inevitable they're going to both have more police contacts as well as more violent police contacts.  Liberal and media denial of that fact is what is fueling this manufactured crisis.  Furthermore, most interracial homicides and rapes are black on white, yet the media refuse to discuss it while they gleefully berate white people for the deeds of a claimed murderer (often later exonerated such as Officer Wilson).  The media could be an excellent public forum for open dialogue, but they are too ideology-driven and too afraid to alienate advertisers with controversial content.
The mass incarceration of non-whites in this country for non-violent offenses is just one signs of the racism inherent in the system.  We need saner laws, including the decriminalization of softer drugs, to stop incarcerating millions.
This should be a hate crime. If it were four white men against a black man Hancock, Sharpton, naacp and jessie would be out in full force. We all know its true.
Its sad how much HATE I hear from people who do not like Mr. Trump.  FOR THE RECORD - I do not like the KKK, White supremacist, Natzi or any other HATE group.  And yes the left has HATE as well.  This is very sad that people seem to think calling the people who support the President of the USA as Racist, Bigots, etc.  This is INSANE and very hurtful.  WAKE UP people and stop all the HATE.
exactly because he is male and white he was left out of the cabinet  notice, non-white rookie MP, very young, with less job and life experience got into Cabinet by virtue of Politically correct skin colour  it is Justin's version of Diversity
This is a one-sided story and you are willfully uninformed, as is the article, about the reasons for this bill. Predators must be controlled. It is not a pleasant scenario,but needed. Predator control in these vast and remote areas cannot be done effectively without the help of citizens. In northern Colorado the had a special bear and lion hunt because the mule deer population had become too small. The parks should not restrict Native Americans access to ancestral hunting and fishing grounds, which they do now in this park. All this anti NRA silliness is partisan hyperbole without context. It's just white noise.
Okay, so you're saying that for white supremacists, they believe whites are superior based on genetics, while for Proud Boys, they believe whites are superior based on culture.  So there is no difference -- they both have created a belief system that allows them to assert the superiority of whites.  Either way, it's racist.
"And over the last eight years the previous administration promoted the exact same agenda within the black community."  What "agenda" was that? The only problem with the, "So's YOUR old man!" defense is that those who use it must concede from the beginning that their boy is guilty of the same things they accuse the other guy of. SOOO, thanks for conceding that T Rump is pursuing a white supremacist agenda.
Think of it like a wall or travel ban.  Extreme measures born out of a growing angry, emotional and ideological reaction from a base comprised of old angry, lower educated white males and 53 percent of women. But the 47 percent of women and educated older white males are still not okay with creepy workplace behavior now being framed as "political correctness" gone wild over a harmless hand job at the water cooler.  They are still gonna push back. Sorry, but that's not going to change civil court litigation....Or people who simply just want to work without someone putting their hands on them.
The era of Seig heil Trump Amerika begins. A Hitler-like cabinet, a Hitler-like agenda, a Hitler-like alliance with Putin, (Mussolini), the constant slam of NATO, a war on Hispanics and a Great Wall to keep Hispanics (Trump's Jews) out of Amerika, and a non-existent free press, are first signs of an Amerika that will eventually disappear like Nazi Germany did. Hitler's aryan Nazi nationalism was just as popular as Trump's white nationalistic fervor. We are doomed.
Nonsense.  Special favors for one race only is discrimination. Voting people elected Trump-all walks of life. All colors, all ethnic backgrounds.   Discrimination against Asians, Whites, Latinos to promote Black is wrong, always was, and needs to stop now. Apply all on merits or income levels only-not race-based.
If interracial murder is insignificant, why do liberals and leftists keep screeching from the rooftops about it and then playing make-believe whites are the perpetrators in most cases?
You sound like a really, really fragile white person. Sooooooo oppressed.
He was right, there was a lot of devil and rattlesnake in 1942 apartheid America. Still, is, but things are changing thanks to hearts like his, people who are willing to stand and speak their piece.  He helped me, a white man born in Connecticut, to understand many things. I came to understand the greatness in all people, regardless of the color of their skin. There was an American apartheid system in effect in 1942, when he was born in the South.  If I were he, born in that time and place, I could only hope that I would find a way to keep my honor and make my way, as he did. And no doubt, what he said and did regarding the mindless Vietnam War, was a testament to the honest courage of a person not willing to give up his humanity just to get along. What if we lived in a country where black people felt so safe that they were glad to associate with white people. Personally, I do believe that the "Black Lives Matter" folks have a real point.   Hugh Massengill, Eugene
This is an interesting reflection. What I have noticed is that as far as adapting to life in the islands goes, the color of one's skin matters much less than one's attitude (culturally sensitive, tactful, etc. but without losing your own identity, as you say) and particular circumstances (e.g. married to a local person vs. single) do. It's unfortunate that some people still don't see things that way: you're a haole rather than an individual. "Haoles" or anyone coming from the outside (including locals who return to the islands) potentially have a lot to offer in terms of different perspectives and contributing to the community. However, I've also met some haoles who look down on local people while whining that they are not accepted. I also think that some white people don't fully understand Hawaii's troubled history that makes some locals wary of them -- the attitude is unfortunate and probably unfair, but also somewhat understandable.
Stop your Adultism. Black Power Matters is the only thing that will end end the Colonial Relationship that protects the White Imperialist Status Quo that Pollutes the Globe- Treehugger Power
MacAfrican.  Perfecto!  Again, I must take a stand against this constant habit of always being diffident, while we are being raped and raided. As members of a so-called democratic state (eina), why are we always shutting up, while our incredible country is being slaughtered.  By the so-called newly empowered amaBantu.  When it all ends, who will be blamed?  The Whities, no less.  For being that famous entity  'White Monopoly Capital'.  Easy peasy!
I'm not sure this is relevant but, according to stats can, middle-aged white males have the highest suicide rate of any racial/age group in canada, including aboriginal males.
Just try telling a judge not to tell you how to run your business if you fire  someone because he broke your rules and you haven't  first told him  what he has done wrong and giving him warnings not to do it a again. How about a rule that only middle aged white males will be promoted, is that their private business?
I thought so. One side is more righteous than the other, two wrongs make a right, free speech is free so long as others agree you, etc.  your reply is as hateful as the white supremist using terms like "pig cop" and "liberal ant-haters" who actually hate. Re-read and re-think your reply if that is possible. Hate begets hate.
You know, I am not "white", like the color of snow, but I can live with that descriptor and do not and will not take offense if anyone refers to me that way, as it is widely used and generally understood.  So why are these linguistic Stalinists who want to rewrite the dictionary so determined to tell us what to say and how to think?
Where's the column for Professional Athletes? How many of those millionaires would be white?
Is this the new kind of politician you guys wanted to elect.  What I see is a guy who was willing to say anything to get elected; now that he's elected he's singing a whole new tune.  So this is the revolutionary politician white guys got so excited about!
Get over it Canadian media Clinton Cheerleaders.  Broom Hildary and Bubba Bill are never going to be President and a shadow president. On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama will resume his race hustling to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat plantation as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,   And Premier Trudeau will join in advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming,
"Never mind the president's sympathy for the "fine people" marching with Nazis and white supremacists."  My, how you twist words.  Trump never said the white supremacists and Nazis were "fine people."  Trump has repeatedly and emphatically denounced them,  He was referring to those others who, without any racial animosity, simply oppose the removal of the statues.  Does that preclude them from being fine people in your book?  I support taking the Confederate Monuments down, but I don't condemn as racist those who want them to stay up.  cont'd
As a teenage WASP in the '60s I was more than susceptible to all the hatred and venom poured onto those other than White Anglo Saxon Protestants. Seems like only yesterday that the "Other" were the "Wops, Kikes, Polacks, Spics, Greasers, Gooks, Slopes, Frogs, Krauts, niggers, and on and on. Commie were to be feared above all else no matter where they were from and now a few decades late it is the same divisive fear heaped onto the Muslims. America is stronger because of our immigrant heritage. The most powerful nation in the world because of our acceptance of and tolerance towards those not like us in skin pigment and religious beliefs. The only thing we have to fear is fear itself so watch out for those who are perpetrating that fraud on America.
Neo-Nazis and white supremacist groups want you to believe they are growing. And since the election they are organizing and marching in Donald Trump’s name. The cold, hard fact that racist thugs shout and chant Trump’s name (something we all saw happening in Charlottesville) while threatening and intimidating minorities should give us all pause — particularly the president himself. I think we all know how much Trump loves it when people shout and chant his name. The “bad dudes,” in his view, are the people who oppose them.
I don't know what CBC you are referring to.  The CBC I know never tires of anti-white activities like crying "racism" day after day after day.  Week in and week out.  Month after month and year after year.   CBC needs to be shut down before they destroy any sense of unity in Canada.   Their message is never Work Hard and Prosper but always Blame White Men, Shame White Men and Make White Men Pay. You can give every working Canadian $70 a year for life by shutting down the CBC today.
While I am depressingly familiar with the general historical animus of Chicago's White Catholics towards Blacks of any religious disposition, I hadn't heard of Mundeline's orders regarding St. Monica's. Thanks for this article. I look forward to the next instalment.
the victims were white
Hawaii, with its large Asian population, should be particularly invested in supporting this action.  The statement that affirmative action is deemed to discriminate against white students totally ignores those students most discriminated against:  Asians.
.  So, If I was to tell you a year ago that the President of the United States is of the opinion that it is not "only" the Hitler/Nazi SUPPORTING white supremacists that are at "fault" at any given venue, would you have believed me?  Regardless of the "other-side/the so called "alt-left", is the President of the United States suggesting that it is all right for HITLER/Nazi supporters and racist white supremacists to goose-step through an American city/town? Armed and looking for trouble? Think about this again; IT IS ALL RIGHT FOR Hitler/Nazi SUPPORTERS TO GOOSE-STEP THROUGH AN AMERICAN CITY/TOWN.   If I would have told you this a year ago, would you have believed me? .
The vast majority of mass shooters have been and continue to be white male Americans. Indeed we have been "PC" too long. This is a male problem, a white male problem.
You really are in denial hodad. Liberals don't hate their own race. We  just don't hate others that aren't.  You hate change. You hate losing your white privilege. You hate that your religion isn't the dominant one anymore. The times they are a'changin'! If you can't handle, get out of the way because you can't stop it.
"Anti-racists" say there's a RACE problem. They say it'll be solved when non-Whites pour into ALL & ONLY White nations and "assimilate" to get a brown mixture.  They say only White nations have this RACE problem; they say non-White nations are fine.  If I object to my own genocide these "anti-racists" say I am a naziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews.  They say they're anti-racist. What they are is anti-White.  Anti-racist is a codeword for anti-White.
The CBC seems to be a channel dedicated to showcasing and supporting mostly white actors and stories. Shows like Murdoch Mysteries, Heartland, etc. show a vanilla white Canada. They do have the token comedy where the characters display offensive ethnic stereotypes. I think non-white Canadians should demand better.
I'm definitely better off today than I was in 2007. Heck, I bought a generator and a gross of ready to eat Army surplus meals after Katrina. Once again, I knew I would have to save myself in any disaster. I'm comfortably retired in the 21st century. The value of my properties are higher than they were in 2007. Since I'm black, I have no white male privilege to miss. My future looks comfortable  and bright. I'm on high ground with a spring fed creek running through the back yard.
Um, wasn't this supposed to be an assault on the sensibility of indigenous people? Why is your article about boardrooms and reproductive rights? That is to say, Ms Renzetti, why is this all about you? Isn't it a very real form of cultural appropriation when you take an insult aimed at someone else, someone with real and actual grievances, and pretend it was aimed at you, a privileged white woman living the good life as a successful journalist in Toronto? And why pretend this dreadful assault on your person was perpetrated by all white men instead of just five young louts who have never heard of you, don't read your articles and probably don't give a rat's **se about the bien-pensant Globe & Mail?
What do you mean by "we" white man? There are more people living in desperate poverty today than there were people on the planet 100 years ago.  Meanwhile, GHG emissions keep climbing as the elites in developing nations try to emulate the western pattern of getting rich by destroying the land, poisoning the water and air, and running native species into extinction. And every year the atmospheric concentration of GHG climbs 2-3ppm.  The last time it was as high as it is now, 400+ ppm, crocodiles lived in the Arctic and seal levels were about 100 feet higher. Excuse me if I don't get all misty eyed over "our" progress.
Look at all the tough guys, the liberal chicken hawks who never held a gun in their hands beating the war drums. Any of you planning to send your children or better yet serve yourselves? Or are you, as usual, counting on the dreaded white male without a college degree, the deplorable elements of our society to do the dying for you?
Um- "anti-semitic?" That same Pepe icon is used by Ben Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos: both Jews. Let me guess- you also think they and Steve Bannon are white nationalists, and let me guess- you think that because this paper/WaPo (same thing) told you so. Congrats- you're the reason this paper is going out of business.
Do you not think it possible in the rush to condemn the President, jump on the bandwagon, and do all possible to tear him down - some things may have been overlooked?  or embellished?    He certainly is NOT a well-spoken man, able to offer nuance and political maneuvering in his unscripted speech - of that, there can be little doubt.  But I think to say that he is a neo-nazi supporter is beyond the pale.  The COURTS issued the permit for the protest - that pesky 1st Amendment thing.  And it does appear that the counter-protestors were prepared to be violent http://hotair.com/archives/2017/08/16/nbc-bbc-violent-left-wing-protesters-charlottesville/  Can we not say that fault for the violence DOES rest with both sides?  That is certainly NOT a defense of racism or white supremacy.  Are we able to enter a mature discussion of how to prevent this in the future?  OR is the only purpose now to point fingers, make accusations, and condemn those whom we dislike?
All the participants that initiated and gained from the overthrow were white Americans. That fact is unfortunate but true no matter how we try to color it.
OK, sure. Trump supporters support nazis and racists, white males or no. In fact, I'll go further and assert that given their effect on the country, the GOP is the most successful terrorist organization currently operating. ISIS couldn't dream of degrading our values the way the GOP has.
while white victim hood got Trump elected president!
White people are not allowed to enjoy any part of their culture, their expected lot is to lead tormented lives burdened by guilt over events of past centuries. Only non-white people are allowed to enjoy their cultures unfettered. If this is news to you, then go to the local university and take any course that, in the course description, contains the words "people of colour" and "privileged" and "cultural appropriation".
Yes motley I do.  Remember weapons of mass destruction?  Do you really think the gov will let this horrendous tragedy go by w/o the gov spinning it to gather more of our rights?   Motley....There have been a few news shows that have had hands.on folks who know the pulse of people that knew  that area and more.  More info coming out.  He was interviewed by FBI 2 times.  There was a 3 hr delay from when the cops came.  It was a hate crime.......and sadly hate comes in many flavors.  I hear Trump used this crime to strengthen the kick out of Muslims.   I threw up.  Terror does NOT equal Muslim.  Our media is a failure.  The guy who shot the 22 year old singer while she was signing autographs?  White.    I just try and keep an open mind.  I still go back to my original post:  May comfort wrap the lost souls/families/friends who have suffered directly from these murders.  May we all seek the strength to become a collective w/a common goal: STOP THE VIOLENCE.  l2g
Silicon Valley needs diversity of viewpoint.  I'm sure there are many tech-savvy white males who are Conservatives.
KKK, you remind me that the only HONEST 'anti-abortionist' I ever heard speak was Tom Metzger, former Grand Dragon of the Ku Klux Klan.  When asked his position on abortion, he said: "We oppose abortion for white women.  We are in favor of abortion for non-white women."  And that is the TRUE position of these white so-called 'conservative Christians.'  But unlike Metzger they don't have the guts to admit it.  And that includes 'Trumpy the Clown.'
Won't be surprised to learn he was being bullied by alt-white students on campus.
So true Sir.  A public figure can not even make a joke about another race, let alone tell them that they do not deserve an opinion because of their race. Not to mention that she said "white male", imagine telling a female she does not deserve to be listened to....?
After president Hayes we got LBJ who did great work w/civil rights.  Then we got Nixon who took us back.  We get O and now we get Trump.  W/in not too many years, the population of this republic will be everything else but white.    I am pledging that I, l2g, will do all I can to protect, defend and work  to protect our immigrants.  I will do whatever I can to keep the fights going regarding: Climate change/trump thinks this is a Chinese conspiracy fight the trans Canada keystone pipeline/trump is making this a priority as well as give fracking a 'boost'.  I shame the DNC for being liars, cheats, manipulators and self serving slugs that drove off Sanders to serve their ridiculous stance of '1st woman pres'.  Those emails showed they did all they could to get him out of the way.  Sanders would of wiped trump off the board in this election.  We deserve all that comes down the line.    peace and love from an old hippy.
Why come here if they muslims hate white people so much? Funny how everyone wants to come to White nations though isn't it! I mean Mexico for Mexicans, India for Indians, China for Chinese, Japan for Japanese, ME for Arabs but White Nations for everyone?? Your anti white hatred shows? Why come here if you don't like music, pork, beer seeing women dressed normal, dogs? There is lots of room in the ME for you. Oh I know why they come here, it's for the welfare! I do miss the old days of European migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great! Built this country, defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with. You are anti white, please leave you aren't good enough for Canadian values, why don't we let smart hardworking Latino's or Asians in ?
We people of color need to take affirmative action to show in a non violent way that we are equals of whites and can do anything they can do and thus are not justified in their feeling of superiority and can make make our own way without their well meaning help or ill conceived hate. This should be our fight to fight just. It is up to us to show we are equal of whites but in a responsible way without riots, violent protests or any other action that may give credence to the belief that we are inferior. The best way to fight white supremacy is for we people of color to show it has no basis.
The question of race regularly outstrips the dictionary: this one deconstructs around the very terms you say express your meaning. "Discrimination" and "prejudice" have little meaning except in social relations. Each requires an object and a context.   Let's try to be a little more precise about another term here: the march was not, strictly speaking, anti-racism. The demonstration WAS anti-white supremacy.  It's not just "racism" that troubles American history, it's white supremacy, which has a doctrine, an in-group and out-group, and a long, ugly history of  action in the world.
The Confederacy WAS all about slavery. I invite you to read the secession documents of the states of South Carolina, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi and Texas, just for starters.  "A geographical line has been drawn across the Union, and all the States north of that line have united in the election of a man to the high office of President of the United States, whose opinions and purposes are hostile to slavery." (South Carolina)  "Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world." (Mississippi)  "The people of the slave holding States are bound together by the same necessity and determination to preserve African slavery." (Louisiana)  "...in this free government all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights; that the servitude of the African race, as existing in these States, is mutually beneficial to both bond and free..." (Texas)  (Not enough space for Alabama +, so etc., etc.)
The infinitesimally small numbers of blacks who might (or might not) have owned slaves as an excuse for white racism is akin to arguing that because it snowed in Miami, Miami is not at sea level in a subtropical zone. You're simple.
It doesn't matter, they are getting paid by someone. The point is they are not getting paid to salute the flag and neither are athletes. If you want to boycott games I have no problem with that. But it is theirs or anyones right in our country to not salute the flag whether it be because of religious or moral convictions.    I'm just questioning why folks are so upset at a few black athletes vs some white religious folks
Trump didn't need those visible minority voters.  He targeted white voters who were 65% of the US population.  Here in Canada those same voters are closer to 80% of the population.  Those are the voters the Conservatives need to target.
You walked into grocery store full of white people in Pennsylvania and immediately assumed they lack diversity. You did not even bother to interact with them, but you stood tall in judging them. How do you know they do not vary in work experience, religious beliefs/affiliations, geographic location, socioeconomic status, educational background, gender, culture, or language? You don’t, you assumed, because of the color of their skin.   Imagine now, two rooms, one filled with 20 black men and the other filled with 20 white men? Which one is more diverse? I can guess which one you’d suggest is the answer. Too bad the 20 black men are from an isolated Mississippi town and share very similar backgrounds, while the 20 white men are from various African states with extremely diverse backgrounds.
Still not sure how the white thing in the picture is an SUV.
I look forward to the day when white folks admit they created the racial and cultural divide when they decided that being white was more important than being human or American. They made that choice for fun and profit. They don't want to know how much rape, torture, robbery, and murder they benefit from. It is why so many of them don't like facts. Facts don't make them look or feel good about themselves. This country has been a giant affirmative action program for people that Europe didn't need or want. All they had to do was to learn to fear and hate black people. Indians, Latinos, Jews, and Asians will do in a pinch. Then they become white instead of immigrants. They get to be considered innocent until proven guilty. The rest of us get profiled. Obama never got more than 45% of the white vote. The good news is that younger white folks tend to be less racist than their elders. We may have equal rights for all in another 200 years.
It never fails. Why do whites bring race into the discussion? Is the media not filled with White murders like the white Kid that murdered 4 men in Philly? Or white men that couch softball teams arrested for sexually assaulting a teen girl he coached in CO? I think bad behavior has no color but reading grown people hatred for an entire race which is sort of a campaign to keep people from actually caring that plenty blacks are still being lynched in the U.S.A. We as a human race gotta stop the hate. Peace
"White people do not understand prejudice because they do not experience it against themselves." This is a prejudicial statement, you have absolutely no idea if BeSquared has been the subject of prejudice. . Black Lives Matter... My opinion is in line with the "The Doctor Of Common Sense", I'll let him tell you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHPsfrock7U he was talking about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Ex5NZKvCg . Here's a little something about bad actors in the press. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAEy5yjX4S8 . Finally, Obama... I tend to appreciate what this man says, I find him to be a class act. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/obama-on-political-correctness-dont-go-around-just-looking-for-insults/ar-AAlJfFx?li=BBnb7Kz
If people wrote and commented less dramatically about SA's history there would possibly be less hysteria in the country and people could get on with pulling the country straight.  “violence, after all, was part and parcel of centuries of white domination – and despite the country’s relatively peaceful transition, violence was also crucial to overthrowing apartheid”.  "Centuries of white domination" - always amuses me. The Great Trek into the bulk of South Africa started in 1835 about 180 years ago.  There were wars between both invading parties - the Blacks from the North and the Whites from the South but no huge massacres as happened in other parts of the world.  To blame the increasing crime rate today on Apartheid is purely blame shifting. The ANC mismanagement of the economy is making people poorer. Apartheid lasted for about 40 years (1950-90). The ANC has had power for the last 22 (1995 - 2017) years. That is where the blame for the current situation lies.
Do you not see the irony of how it's ok for you to generalize about white men but white men cannot generalize about anyone else?  You're a self-hating white man, programmed to believe that your sex and ethnicity have been unjustly enriched, whereas, you should feel blessed that you are of the sex and ethnicity that has accomplished so much in the world.
Deflecting again, aren't you Ruben? Trump's EO is both illegal and unconstitutional. He is targeting a religious minority under the false pretext of protecting the national security when he is not doing anything about the white mass murderers within the US. He instructed the CBP and ICE to ignore the court orders and they are doing so enthusiastically even to the point of detaining US CITIZENS and asking questions about their Muslim last names and their religious views.
It must be tough to live in the modern world with such bitter resentment.  Chloe Fox should get her head out of her....ah...liberal indoctroniation...and realize two things: 1) you judge history within the context of the time period, not by modern "standards" and in that sense Hamilton and other founding fathers were viewed as the very revolutionaries of their time that she likewise wants to celebrate in modern times, 2) the reason "old white men"--a racist comment by the way--are supposedly declining in influence today is because that demographic group has allowed that change in thinking.  Most of the cultural changes we say today stem from the guilt that whites have allowed themselves to feel due to the destructive nature of liberal progressivism, originally championed by Teddy Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson and now inculcated in almost every college in the country--including and especially journalism schools.
Jesus is not part of this gun issue in the US.  Phony prayers for slain innocents does not stop the proliferation of guns.  The shooter in this instance could have carried his fully automatic machine guns in full sight of law enforcement with no problem. The handwriting on this issue was on the wall at Sandy Hook when twenty 'innocent' white children were blown away by a military assault weapon. The second amendment folks said "Well this is OK as long as you don't come after my guns."  NRA supporters can just live with the death and carnage caused by unfettered gun access in the US.  I just wish they would shut up about 'innocent babies in the womb' because the two seem to co-exist in a very compartmentalized way too many Catholics.
I doubt Ms DeVos is interested in improving the educational system in general; she can reach her goal by starving it of funds.  If she can achieve total privatization, only the wealthy will be educated, thereby ensuring a permanent servant class.  Since private schools are free to discriminate at will, whites won't have to put up with all those 'others'.  They can be comfortable in their own bubble, and go on to rule the uneducated populace.
I found it interesting McConnell didn't stop her-just warned her-when she was reading what a white man said about Sessions, but when she read what a black woman said about Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, it was over. Another uppity black woman got you down, Senator McConnell?
One has to wonder why Jupitor police did not take him to the hospital first. He was found "asleep" in a running car. He was dazed and confused and uncoordinated. He stated he was having a reaction to proscribed medications. Don't think Jupitor police would like having a DUI suspect dying in the back of the police car or at the jail. Sounds like he should have been taken to the hospital first but, and I hate to say this, he's black in the South facing police officers who routinely have pre-conceived notions and perceptions. And I am a old white guy who votes conservative....just saying.
Yea white guy smart enough to not grab gun and exit the car , that's the only difference.
Stop being so reasonable Paul! Suggesting that things are grey and not all black or white is evil!!
I am 52 yo and I have experienced numerous times   being watched in stores, from being a young adult to current times.  I don't take offense because I personally know how much shoplifting occurs daily by all shoppers, white, black. male, female, young and old.  I was  actually arrested while in college for recklessly  damaging property and was treated very poorly by the arresting officer, who was a white male.  I was completely ignored by a salesman at a Car dealership, when I was there to actually buy a car, most likely because I was dressed poorly.  I am a very respectful, polite white male so  how does one explain the behavior I experienced?  Simply it is  a fact of life.  The world is full of good people and bad.  Everything in life should not be taken as personal.  As I explained above I faced racial and sexual discrimination due to affirmative action  when I applied for employment with my job in 1987.  White privilege is a false construct perpetrated by the liberal left.
There is an Islamophobia going on in western culture and that is plain to see and many take it way too far.  Should Islam be criticized, without doubt, but that does not mean many in the west do not take it to the level of blind hatred where they have no intention of coming to an understanding.   Should we allow people into this country that refuse to shake the hand of a woman....No we should refuse entry to that person.  But let us seek to understand and get along as well, while being far more restrictive of who we allow in.  Also why JT needs to go as he simply has blinders and only sees his fathers outdated vision.   We should not forget white people have become most likely the  least racist due to evolving, we should not go backwards and remember we still have a ways to go ourselves.
"That sounds like something a white man would say. "  Hey Charles, you are too thoughtful to give in to stereotypes--  not all us OWGS (Old White Guys) think like "Latinos for Trump" or support frisking minorities, some of us actually believe in democracy and respect for all people!
"95 percent of the 2,400 elected state and local prosecuting attorneys across the country — including Oregon — were white, and 79 percent were men."  The Duck U law school is currently 52% male and 48% female.  There are nine (9) blacks in the Law school of 366 people.  I see little likelihood of a huge increase in black District Attorneys being elected in Oregon.  The women, assuming they can pass the bar (not a given for Duck U graduates) are looking much more likely.
The gop give mixed messages about illegals, in the state of Texas, Rick Perry and the controlling gop signed into law that illegals would get to go to college and pay in state tuition rates.  It is a game the gop plays, they really need illegals to do the nasty jobs white people won't do.  After the Harvey disaster, Texas will need every Latino they can get to re build the city.
Ah! You're cherry picking the numbers. We all know hispanics are white. Why are you ignoring them?
Steve bannon must be thrilled.   In fact, the cut in funding is probably at the behest of the "alt-right" champion, bannon.  Of course, "alt-right" is just a misnomer for white supremacists.     The relatively small amount of funds mean virtually nothing to the federal government, but would represent a significant amount to a small organization like this group.   So sad!
Interesting. A lot of right wingers think Obama is not American, and is a practising Muslim. I guess they love Islam.  Oddly enough, the right wing nutbars don't ask white American Presidents for proof of citizenship.
Why are they living in these locales?! Are you kidding? Their land was stolen, they were given  a few remote acres and not allowed to leave the reserve until 1960!  Very young Children were taken from their families to 'schools'  far away where they were beaten and raped. Beaten for speaking their language or doing anything indigenous - with no mother or father, no identity, no way to pass heritage on to their children because it was beaten out of them.  In the '60's children were stolen and given to white people in the "60's scoop".  Please do some research to understand how European invaders commited genocide; please research multicultural diversity to understand a different perspective than your own narrow, white, individualistic, privileged world view.
Time to get rid of all such groups of men from our church support.    Sexism is killing us as a church.  These men only love women while they are poor & oppressed.  They have no desire to see women in any other role than begging from them while they support laws to oppress women in and out of our church.  They tried to get planned parenthood's support for cancer testing for poor women unfunded.  They only like rich, white, male, laity, much like the membership of our permanent deaconate today.    There is no reason for any charity to be sexually exclusive & I have never come across a sexually exclusive group, male or female, that didn't use its exclusivity to speak badly of the opposite sex while no one was present from that group to defend their sex.  Sexist groups are no more Christian than are racist groups.  These groups always end up causing more harm than good because they have one-sided, half blind thinking.    We should all keep in mind the K.K-K considered itself Christian.
I think we should remember all the troops who served to build the Alcan, and we should be clear about the differential treatment the black and white troops experienced at the time. One reason historians are commemorating the contributions of black soldiers and engineers is that they have been erased historically and their contributions overlooked. This is simply an effort at historical equity. http://www.wood.army.mil/ENGRMAG/PDFs%20for%20Apr-Jun%2008/Book%20Reviews.pdf.   But let's not forget that while while Black troops accounted for 33% of those serving, they achieved what they did by enduring harsher conditions. They were given cloth shelters, not housed in quonset huts. They were given unserviceable trucks and issued salvage clothing unfit for the harsh climate. Let us commemorate white soldiers for their superior treatment and for working under more favorable conditions.
The current news stories are about white nationalists and their apologist, trump, not any groups on the left.  Why do you always lie?  Is it a republican value or just a racist one?  Because for the past many years, you repubs have been telling the same lies as the race-baiters.
I don't care if all countries do something. It has absolutely no bearing on whether what is being done is right or wrong. Is it such a stretch to suggest that, at the very least, your elected leaders should tell you the TRUTH about what they are doing and that if their public speeches and private behavior flagrantly contradict each other you have legitimate reasons to consider this a betrayal of the voter's trust ?   Let's ignore apartheid for a second. Think of the serious intrusions on civil liberties that their white voters suffered in the name of combating communism. Think of the censorship, the flagrant propaganda (Bophutatswana, alone of all the homelands, was never included on SABC weather maps - to prevent reminding people that it was a patchwork of 5 disconnected blots of land with no geographic sense to it), think of the banning orders, the deaths in police custody, the governmental intrusion on the judiciary. We suffered for their cold war while they profited from it !
Probably. And probably you have no idea what you're talking about. All the victims of housing discrimination where the  house "redlined" in a black neighborhood was automatically worth 1/2 or less of the value to the exact same one in the "exclusive, restricted" (white) neighborhood. Racism is, unfortunately, as American as apple pie John.
I like how the whole discussion around white privilege is determined by white people.  Has anyone asked non-white people what their opinion is?
Really? Where do you live, Snowflake Bay, NL? Look around--white men aren't the majority any more...thank god.
Selective observations at best!  Many people believe that each side had some responsibility for what happened which does not mean that any of those "many people" are racist, white supremicists or fascists just because the groups fighting each other were!  I am tired of so-called journalists attributing to a commentor the attributes of the actors!
Whineritis-  Seriously? You can equate a religion that does not have female priests, with ones that teach that women should not bare their hair, or even their faces in public, that they should be stoned for adultery, should be treated as minors and be under the authority of a male relative, should not socialize with unrelated males, etc.?  Are you really as much an all-or-nothing, black-and-white, "you are either for me or against me" ideologue as you appear to be?  Please get a sense of proportion.
"Thousands?" Try, at best, a thousand. Maybe more like 500. The media is putting their own spin on this weekend - from stories that described "a few dozen" white supremacists during the march thru the UVA campus - when photos and video showed hundreds, to making it sound like the neo-Nazis started the violence when it was protestors who created a violent confrontation. No matter how you feel about the issues, we should all be outraged at the terrible press coverage and distortions of fact.
When people repeatedly state that their intent is to ban a specific religion from entering the country then don't be shocked when judges make the assumption that their intent is to discriminate. And where do you get this, "if it's said in a campaign, it doesn't matter' meme from? Conservatives didn't explain away Clinton's 'deplorables' Obama's 'cling to guns and religion' remarks as merely campaign rhetoric . They held it up as a window to their souls.   And as far as who exactly who is a threat, refer to the crime statistics. It's looking like white nationalists/sovereign citizens pose a greater risk than Muslim immigrants.
White culture had the brains and vision to create Canada as most western cultures were created by white people . The cultures and races that were let into Canada had no human rights ,no equality. This has all come about in Canada because of white people being fair, I believe these races and cultures need to answer for what their race and culture is doing in the world to create anything similar to what white culture has created in Canada.
Nah--my being pi$$ed off by a cop WALKING after shooting a 7 year-old black girl in the head while she's sleeping on her grandmother's couch while showing off for a reality TV show doesn't make me a "snowflake".  What does your glossing over and minimizing such atrocities make you?  Answer, please.  My middle granddaughter is a 7 year-old black child.  Had--God Forbid--that happened to her you'd be reading about me on the front page, not in a "comments section".  And you'd be reading about the shooter in the obituaries.  Maybe me too.  Fortunately she lives in Australia where badge-wearing Klansman are less of a threat.  Not the case with three of my five black grandchildren--they live here.  I briefly considered asking them to disguise themselves as "Cecil the Lion" when they go outside, for safety's sake, since white Americans apparently care more about shooting animals than they do black kids.  Oldest granddaughter refused--she'd already picked out her senior prom dress.
This is a GREAT opportunity for the villages to go back to the ways of their culture, before the white man and all his money showed up. They always complain about losing their culture. Now, they can return to it. OR, accept the modern lifestyle and abandon these communities that would not survive without the welfare....
The incident was horrific and intolerable. "Vigilante justice" is just what the neo-Nazis and other white supremacists would have wanted. It plays right into their hands. The proper and thorough application of the American judicial system is the best possible response. Fields is presumed innocent; the prosecutor will have to prove his guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Those concepts are an anathema to the bigots who have visited this violence on the victims and the rest of the country.
Relentless attempts by liberal pundits to prop-up the notion that we live in a nation deranged and distorted by "White racism" is driven, it seems, by their fear that this ideological (sacred) "cash-cow" is dying, and must be resuscitated at all costs. To use a movie review as an excuse to dredge up what amounts to a liberal conceit, with no basis in reality, is particularly offensive.   Since the 'reviewer' raised the issue, it's worth mentioning: while systemic "White-racism" went extinct decades ago, this nation is afflicted with an epidemic of Black-on-White, and Black-on-Asian violence, which goes carefully unreported by the mainstream media. Fortunately, the evidence does not depend on studies by academe, or advocacy by the oracles of social justice in the liberal community. It is all available in plain-sight to any who care to search those key-words on YouTube. Spoiler alert: prepare to be horrified by the scope and brutality of the truth liberal media don't want you to see.
Your attempt to put it all on the Western or White races is racist in its own right. Go to China and their attitudes towards those who are not "the same" are similar... and have been for most of recorded history. Or Africa.  Some people will pint to teh Islamic states and say "you see,  blacks are accepted here"... which is perhaps true, ut tehn see what their attitudes are towards Jews or Christians... there will be "racist" elements to their  thinking on those criteria. Every religion somehow magically thinks that they are superior to the other religions..  it is all learned responses, but it exists in every society, of every colour, every race, every culture. The fact that babies don't seem to have any problem dealing with the differences is proof enough that they are learned cultural responses rather than innate.
But we can't use statistics, remember?  Even though rifles and firearms account for statistically minuscule amount of death compared to the other causes, we must make it a #1 priority. Even though Muslims statistically account for 100% of plane bombings, TSA needs to target white senior citizens. Even though statistically 0% of mass shooters have been NRA members, we still to blame the NRA for gun violence.  You're 100% correct: we SHOULD look at statistics, shouldn't we.
After Trump pointed out the obvious that there are people on both side and the Left denied it, it became clear the Left was never interested in dialogue, only violence from their anti-American fascist Antifa white hate group. The Left needs clearly denounce Antifa like Trump denounced the KKK, until then nobody will take the Left seriously any more.
Why does have to be black/white? Why does every problem have to be "disappear"ed? What is wrong with reducing or minimizing a problem? Especially if that problem is gun violence? Or do you want to maintain or status quo or increase it?
Curry, Kaepernick, LeBron, the NAACP and others protest, but anyone who counter protests anti-American behavior is called a White Nationalist or racist or both.
It's ok...those people are mostly...you know....caucasian.
Ironic that a white nationalist cries about being put into pigeonholes.
BLM protestors demanding that the police stop shooting unarmed black people is in no way comparable to white supremecists demanding we honor the memory of treasonous slavers. The only civil response to your statement is that you are wrong. I invite you to imagine what adjectives, adverbs, exclamations, and phrases appear between the lines of that statement.
Junior is going to get a rough ride from the democrats when HRC is in the White House. His sunny ways and days will be challenged as she is tough as Putin who is placing military surveillance stations in the arctic while Trudeau doesn't object.
Whites committed 3000 murders last year,  blacks 2500. Wish to revise your statement? Back to stormfront.
"No Native communities in Alaska have authority to hunt gray whales."  Why not?  Just because of some arbitrary rules made by white man who knows nothing of native tribe's history or culture?   Natives in Alaska and other Pacific coast areas hunted gray whales for thousands of years without any detriment to whales population.  Then white man comes and exterminates the gray whale and then decides natives shouldn't hunt gray whales either.  Does that make sense to you?
"One thing that is clear so far: White evangelical Christians, who helped put President Trump in the White House and who will be affected by many of his policies, both promised and delivered, remain his staunchest allies."  That these people would take a moral cretin like Trump as their champion only shows their moral bankruptcy.  Instead of "moral values" as they often claim, their real interest is power.
Once again, Alceste, let's point this out "No formal designation".  Once again, I've seen the "no go zone" in Schieringin and other areas.  Have you? There is a problem there.  Fox news back off because of threats made by the countries mentioned.  Doesn't mean it isn't true.  The reasons for these areas are many and varied, but pretending there isn't a problem isn't a solution.  There ARE high crime areas in the NL, which are predominantly  populated by muslims.  Go ask Ayaan Ali.  She'll tell ya.  Ask Theo Van Gogh too.    Why are we so quick to condemn white supremacists yet refuse to acknowledge there is problems with other cultures and races?
Hardly anyone thinks that BLM is actually about real black lives.  It's just another rallying organization to focus anger on whitey.  Think what they could actually accomplish if they used just half that hate and energy to improve their own community.
Oddly enough although people defend the waving of a confederate flag as a person expressing white pride and their right to do so I continue to see comments about slavery and the war. That's because the confederate flag will always be a symbol of slavery and the war. So it's not a piece of cloth that people are uncomfortable about, it's what the person waving that cloth are waving it for. Most intend for it to say " I'm white, you're inferior and I don't like you". They're not undercover racist, they're in your face, but they will deny they're racist with every breath in their body.
I've always disliked the label of "white privilege" because it seems to be framed to get a reaction, rather than promote consideration of the issues.  There are clearly advantages to being part of the dominant majority group in our society, the one around which we define what's 'average' or 'normal' in life. I'm sure I've benefitted from some of these advantages without even being aware of them. Let's built the discussion around that, and see how other groups could benefit from these advantages as well.
I'm sure this post is dead now since it's fallen off the front page, but for anyone still paying attention, Jenna Mulligan, author of the puff piece profile on Vlad, replied to my email and said this was a story that WW didn't want to put out in the media, without further explanation.  WW, why are you giving shelter to white nationalists by not exposing them for what they are?  I'm going to keep asking until I get an answer.
"Mr. Lighthizer's list says Washington wants more opportunities for American firms to bid on public procurement in Canada and Mexico, but to keep the right to bar Canadian and Mexican companies from receiving contracts in the United States."   Heads I win, tails you lose. Only a creature who thinks that the peaceful protesters in Charlottesville are as responsible for the violence there as the neo-Nazis and KKK white supremacists who drove a car into them can see this absurd position as fair.
How conveniently you 'missed' these numbers from the report: . Total deaths: ============ 106 - for 62 incidents ( White Supremacist) 119 -  for 23 incidents ( Radical Islam) . Not to mention the hundreds of injured ( the report doesn't even count the Boston bombing injured), in other cases there were 22, 18 .. etc. injured  in addition to the death toll.
For him to say there was equal blame  to be had is equivalent to saying " yeah, it was rape, but look what she was wearing." don't kid yourself that trump is being held to some different standard. The alt- right , which by the way is their own coinage, is comprised of hyper-masculinists/ white nationalist/christian identity/kkk/neo-nazi / groups, somewhat more tangentially anti- government militias. The rhetoric and historical actions of these groups have been consistently provocative, intentionally menacing and frequently violent . Funny how disdainful the grass roots right is of " political correctness", yet will sanitize violent nationalism with a suspiciously pc-like term such as "alt-right". But this is a crowd that accepts "alt-facts" from their leader . trump isn't being held to a "different standard" , the standard among rational people of good will is objective factuality and intellectual honesty. trump has consistently fallen below that standard
Thankfully, recent Marist-NPR polling reveals that a majority of Americans get the distinction between BLM and white supremacists. And superduper majorities repudiate the supremacists, white nationalists, klan and neo-nazis, as well as antifa. Only 4-6% agree with those groups.  When Trump says there's bad on many sides, but then fails to distinguish same in kind & degree, he equivocates via omission.  If antifa has just aspirations, still, the strategies of that violent cohort of antifascists do NOT meet just war criteria. That's my view, but the prudential judgment aspect of it is arguable & it's not wholly uncontroversial. Different facts & circumstances & times could change it, justifying those strategies.  Nazis have thoroughly deplorable ends AND means! There can be no equivocation! How can that view ever raise controversy? And, yet, in some quarters, it DOES!  BLM subscribes to nonviolent antiracism but has rogue elements, so, rightfully, don't belong in the same conversation.
Let the hate speech roll against all things Albertan.  So Hillary makes 150 million through influence peddling (Clinton Cash) and now if you question that whats next is white supremacists becoming advisors etc. Notley deserves to be voted out and this tounge in cheek chant was just that. Leave it to Liberal hysteria to whip up controversy. We need some more posters calling people Albertans bigots please. News flash.... Notley is polling in the low teens.... she's done a poor job .... not everyone agrees with the Liberal narrative on carbon taxes.... the world continues to use coal and many regions are rapidly expanding  in fact.... yes we know .... only more taxes will save us ....lol.....
Justin's the poster child for white privilege.
I have often wondered why natives have so few friends in other countries or NGOs . Even the UN is not much of an allie. I suspect it's because natives have fibbed about their situation on the world stage too many times.. They get billions in funding from white man's government   and squander it. There aren't many third world countries that can turn a blind eye  that degree of waste and profligacy.
It was inevitable that the first black president would unsettle a lot of people.  Trump promised to Make America White Again.  A lot of the unsettled people believed him and voted for him.  He is their cultural messiah.
Hawaii 5-0 hasn't provided the locals to act the part....It's too haolefied...Majority of the cops in Hawaii are locals and where do you find a star popolo cop.  Glad they did away with the popolo governor,  Just being realistic...this is Hawaii.   Would you see an Asian cop if it was called Chicago 5-0?  Don't blame the Asians for standing up to the Haoles, especially when Hawaii is predominate Asians and mixed Polynesians.  The truth hurts when it comes to equal pay for equal work, especially when the whites are always dictating to the minorities.
You are clear then that no African American group or association or gang has conspired and acted violently and or illegally? You are clear then that no "white" group, association, gang, or even militia has conspired, acted, or would intend to act violently?  Your inference about Muslims is more hypothetical than any of the examples I cited.  I thought that maybe your choice of language was just an innocent mis-speak.  One has to be realistic but also honest and bigofree.
No white angry males voted to stand up for them, the other republicans voted for Trump because they are just rabid republicans and would  rather see their country go down than vote democrats.
Uh, he is calling me and other posters names, by calling us "ultra right wing, home grown white-boy terrorists." While it is protected speech, referring to Trump and his supporters in that way is hardly "civil." That was my point. It appears there is a double standard under the new system as I have not seen any conservatives referring to anyone that way.
Well aren't you special. You're taking my comments personally when apparently they don't apply to you. Doesn't change my own experience with, for example, white MAC members, born and raised here, who blame Latinos for lice in the neighborhood school, and Blacks for low test scores.
No witticism, Mike. You asked a question, and I answered it.  Read your own question. Read my answer. But now you are asking another question ('what I am guilty of just by being a white male') - and here my answer would be 'you are guilty of nothing just by being a white male'. Guilt requires you to have committed some offence. Have you?
And what kind of America is that, Gary DuBrall? A white america, you sob!
The second rising of fascism - wholly endorsed by the Divider-In-Chief. This is shades of pre-WWII if anyone is paying attention. The GOP remains silent and thus complicit in support of white supremacist hate group. What would you have victims do? Turn the other cheek? Turn a blind eye?  The civil war was fought and won.  Decisively. There is no point in trying to start it again. How much more complicit will the GOP allow itself to be?  DRUMPH has fueled a hate war by pouring ever clear on it. He must go.  You want a revolution?  Which side of history will you choose to be on?  DRUMPH MUST GO.........NOW ITMFA ITMFA ITMFA
Paul,  What is really in the social DNA of Oregon is a constant struggle to eliminate racism that is still going on today.  Way back in 1845 led by Jesse Applegate, Oregon revised its founding 1843 Organic Laws of Oregon (passed by about 100 white men) lessening the grip of discrimination/racism.  It started the process of repealing the Black Exclusion Laws in 1893 and finally accomplished it in 1927.  The KKK ( a broad national movement at the time) made an appearance in 1921 and disappeared in 1925 to never return.  Notice those two dates, 1925 and 1927?  Is Oregon free of racism, nope and it probably never will be.  But every year Oregonians try to eliminate it and make Oregon better for all of its citizens.  That positive trying to eliminate racism is as much a part of Oregon's story as the negative aspects of its racial past and present.
I saw white people onstage for the curtain call. Look again.
This article is entirely reverse racism.  I am shocked to read, "The lesson of today was white privilege, the idea that white people enjoy unearned advantages due to their race".  This is purely a racist judgement and completely a blanket statement.  What about the white settlers to this country who farmed a plot of land to make a living though all kinds of hardships?  These were the founders of Canada; they worked harder than most people today can even comprehend.  This group never complained and got on with life.  I'm tired of people jumping at someone's statement, concluding it's racism.  These people want to play the victim card all the time. The complaining is not something I consider a strong Canadian characteristic.  People can't say anything anymore without being criticized.  Overall, this article is creating more division in Canada, which is not needed. As a white woman, I have worked very hard, obtained three science degrees and work in health care, on my own..."well-earned"!
"The suspect is described as a white male in his 20s, approximately 5’7” tall, and thin. He was seen wearing a black baseball hat, gray hoodie, and light blue jeans. There is no description of who was driving the getaway car." -ktuu
The problem with the Hebdo-Texas mocking cover is that in order for satire to actually work, there needs to be *some* element of truth to it. In the case of the mythical Texas Nazis, there was NO element of truth to it whatsoever. Absolutely no evidence that any of the drowning victims were white supremacist/neo-Nazis. None.
WesternPatriot wrote:   "You always claim that terrorists killing in the name of Allah don't represent Islam, yet you claim a couple of people making anonymous threats prove white Canadians are bigots."  Here's logic:  The fact that some people make anonymous threats online or by email against muslims in no way means that "white Canadians are bigots."  It means that those people and their supporters are bigots.  Similarly, islamist fanatics who claim  to be killing in the name of Allah are terrorists.  In no way does that mean that all muslims are terrorists.  And it is not an excuse to demonize a million innocent Canadian muslims.
1) It's Peterson who wants to get rid of those who views he opposes, not the other way around, as you suggest ( he wants 75% reduction in five years) 2) Most of those supporting Peterson probably can't tell difference between postmodern criticism and post and beam construction. They couldn't name one postmodernist thinker of note. They do, however, like the sound of the Alt-right universe that Peterson's world alludes to:  no more talk of women's rights, or minority rights, gender education. Let's get back to the sixties where white European heterosexual males ruled the roost in the west. Peterson has opened a Pandora's Box that will come back to haunt him.
Yeah.  I am not going to coddle working class whites racial prejudices/ sexism/ anti-immigrant and don't think that anyone in either the GOP or the DNC should.
Do you have stats to back your assertion that, "White people were glad to see it gone?"
I'm a retired journalist. I covered cops and crime for quite some time, and rural affairs and as a generalist. Anyone, including Avuu, can use the word white man. I say white all the time. And you say Native ole time you want to.
The reason you don't have a white pride month is cuz white isn't a culture lol. You are white but you may also be Italian or Dutch or German. That you can take pride in but when you take pride at being white it just means you take pride in thinking you are superior over others and that's not a good look. Maybe  you should know look into more of where you come from and take pride in that?
Errrr well you know, one of the biggest acts of terrorism committed in the US was by one of your ex military white boys.   All the terrorist so far are men, so maybe we can start with only screening the men.
That I see no reason to capitulate to your viewpoint doesn't constitute my perpetuating racism.  Were I as narrow-minded as you, I could dismiss your arguments as merely another example of self-righteous, over-privileged white 'liberals' who can't tolerate others speaking for themselves without squealing 'racist!' or 'politically incorrect!'  But since I don't know you, I won't do that (although I admit it's tempting to engage in 'turn-about-is-fair-play in this case).  Nor am I particularly inclined to bandy about your absurd rhetorical question.  It incorporated far too many assumptions, mostly about me.  Suffice it to say there are ideals espoused by this society that I find laudable.  The problem is the reality of their abandonment for the sake of greed and power, to the detriment of millions of people.  But I have to live somewhere.  Make of that what you wish.
Buff, yes, you are right, you caught me.  I am biased against Donald Trump and the alt-right hate groups, both. I'm not fair and balanced. I believe that neo-nazis, KKK, and white supremacy are evil and that opposition to them is good as long as it isn't violent. And I believe that a president should not systematically intentionally undermine the legitimate free press. I do sympathize with BLM and the Islamic Society of North America, neither of which, as far as I can tell, is built on and/or believes in racial hatred, injustice, or bigotry. So yes, guilty of bias, I don't believe in the equivalence you suggest. But I can still oppose violent protest from whichever side it comes.
Poor white Catholics!?! Come on people, the first woman president after the first African American president--that is the point here. A hundred years from now, nobody will wonder about America in terms of fracking or Asian trade agreements or hacked emails--this election is what will matter, what will be discussed in college history classes, if we still have both.   Whether she'll be good at it or not, Hillary Clinton is a transformative figure in America. When Barack Obama was elected in 2008, none other than Condoleeza Rice said, almost in tears, how proud and happy she was, how we, in America, once again showed the world our possibility. I don't agree with Rice much, but she was right. And it's true now, too. I am consumed with defeating Trump, bathing daily in schadenfreude at his pending humiliation and unraveling, but President Hillary Clinton is the story here. Our ability to see our survival is the story.
An individual sporting a swastika tattoo was shot while participating in an unlawful riot where weapons were used, threats made and physical violence committed which resulted in numerous injuries. As for why the shooter was armed, apparently he is a Concealed Pistol License carrier. This is speculation, but he could be an EDC, Every Day Carrier to use parlance. There are legal reasons for this. Perhaps being minority, he felt concerned about being jumped by a white guy with a swastika? The shooter turned himself into the police, hardly the actions of the criminal that this piece is painting him out to be. While it has not been adjudicated, there is good legal grounds that having a Concealed Pistol License issued by the State of Washington preempts the WAC student guidelines which have been quoted above. At the moment, the law is very ambiguous. At the very worst, the only "penalty" for conceal carrying a handgun on campus is being asked to leave with the threat of being "trespassed".
Can you say "deflection", boys and girls?  The overused (and generic) term 'racism' has been usurped by closet white supremacists.  The latter term is more specific--and more accurate.
I love to read all the reasons this  couldn't be so, not really, how absurd. Portland? And look at all the rhetoric of our economic development agency, the PDC. Promises galore. After all, we are targeting the creatives, the techs, the moneyed industry players in the big game of land development and "use."  Surely this means that opportunities abound for women, right? Be positive.  People should be talking about opportunities not the negative stuff. This is Portland after all. Denial capital of the West Coast when it comes to women & minorities and economic development. We don't want to change THAT.   Or do we?  Because if we do it's time to own up to the discrimination inherent in many of our organizations, public and private and stop investing in companies that are all white and male as being harmful to the City's reputation/image and to its citizens, particularly women and minorities.  Tech is tip of iceberg.
"I think if Brown had been white, he would not have been killed". First and foremost, we pray for the repose of Mr. Brown's soul, but as a former prosecutor I can tell you that no matter what color you are, if you start fighting with a police officer and try to take his gun---bad things are going to happen. As an aside, do you think Mr. Brown would have been happy with the chaos that came in the aftermath? The burning, looting, etc.?
And you voted for the town butcher to perform brain surgery.  How is it going?  lol  As for ISIS, time will tell.  He may just be an angry country western fan who couldn't get in.  Hopefully the truth will come out.  One thing for sure was this was a white boy.
When a political candidate has no major accomplishments to their credit, a list of failed policies foreign and domestic, a resume of endless lying, cheating and some thievery added. About all the left has left is the same old tired lame rhetoric of ism's and phobias broadcasted by angry hate filled old white trash southern democrats.
Like everything else, we play fast and loose with words, assigning them beneficent or sinister meanings never originally intended.  Many of our disagreements arise not from differences in concept, but from differences in definition or understanding of what is meant by particular words.  Can anyone define what constitutes "terrorism" nowadays?  It seems to have come to mean any violent action whatsoever whenever the government wants to use its non-democratic powers.  Or "racism", even where the action is practised by members of the same race (e.g. whites v hispanics).  Or "anti-semitism", even when practiced by an Arabic semite against a Jewish semite (or vice versa).  Same with "populism".  It's not inherently good or bad.  It just means something arising from or supported by the general population.  We should be careful about making the word yet another pejorative, which would preclude consideration of its positive attributes.
Go to the Washington Post's database on police shootings and you'll find that you are wrong.  You can sort out shootings by year, and see who wasn't armed, who was black, white, etc.  You're incorrect in your statement that fewer unarmed white people are shot by police.
I suspect that these green jobs if they ever materialize will be part of Trudeau's feminist agenda where white males need not apply.
No mistake.  Minshall  reminds me of one of Dave Chapelle's characters, Clayton Bigsby,  the blind black man (who didn't know he was black) who also happened to be a leader in the white-supremacy movement.
So in your mind dressing up in something like a kimono is mocking another culture?  Pray tell, how do you decide it's behavior intended to mock and not honor their culture?  Also, how did you come to the conclusion it's "a lot of white people" complaining?   Who even suggested they wanted to dress their kid in a truly racist costume involving black face?  I bet in your mind people of color can't be racist, that's reserved for the white folks right?
The "take a knee" thing drove a racial vertical wedge between all NFL players. They're now looking at themselves as Black or White Players not a "team". White QB, Black receiver incomplete pass  means a racial overtone in the media. NFL is less for it but they are the only ones to solve it.  Please wake me up when they decide they are good athletes that can play well only as a team regardless of skin protection towards the Sun.
The Cleveland Clinic, a nonprofit health care network, announced on Thursday that it no longer plans to hold a 2018 fundraising gala at Mar-a-Lago, President Donald Trump’s exclusive Palm Beach, Florida club.  “After careful consideration, Cleveland Clinic has decided that it will not hold a Florida fundraiser at Mar-a-Lago in 2018.   Nothing better than seeing Trump brands losing because of Trump's white supremacist racism.
White . "They seem especially convinced that every white person is a bundle of unearned advantages, owns a place purely because of his/her skin colour, and wanders through life with a Free For Me Pass simply because daddy and mommy, and their daddy and mommy, were white." . From: Check your bigotry - Rex Murphy - National Post - May 17, 2014
The great movement to deliver us from suffering "Feminism", from the latin root word fēmina which means woman.  The oppressive regime under which all who are not white men suffer "Patriarchy", from the latin root word Pater which means Father (AKA Male).  Interesting how this incredible movement gendered the protagonist and the villain. Wonder if that affected the way they see the world.
And Trump disavow white supremacist and the Neo Nazi, THREE TIMES. Something your side has yet to do with Radical Islamic Terrorists. Where did Trump said he needed support from white supremacist? You've ask me for specifics in the past, now I'm asking you. If it's the NY Times they have had to retract five stories, for out and out lying about what Trump has said.  I saw the Charlie Hebdo cartoon depicting Neo Nazi's drowning in Texas, and  it make me think that this is what the world thinks of America, thanks to the left and the media. Which maybe what the left and the media wants the world to believe about America. If that the case, how sad, especially for those in the media that have that vision, I can also include teachers, and the Democrat party as well. By the way the KKK was started as a Democrat militia. And if we examine all these groups, they have more in common with Democrats and liberals, then with conservatives, and Republicans.
And then you read the derisive comments on this article (mostly from white males I'm guessing) and realize how far we have still have to go. Many still just don't get it and it makes me ashamed to be one of them (white male, that is).
When one facilitates national evil that is unlimited in the expectation that one's particular objective will be "valued" by that evil then you get what you deserve: evil. Sadly, many others are the 'victims' of your self-supposed righteousness. Whether "white catholics" voted 60-37% or 52-45% for Trump, you did it, you got him elected. Congratulations.  Calling themselves "pro-life" is as much a "trumpism" as is the President Trump claim that he won the popular vote or that the clericalist and hierarchical leadership merit "followship".
Tough call for many Republicans...they want to get their agenda passed while they are "in control", but deep down many of them know something is wrong..  While the whole Russia investigation means little in the "reddest" of states, there are many Republicans from states like Pennsylvania that would lose bigly, if there was a firestorm in Washington that looked like the President was trying to cover something up.  As "crimes" go up the scale in the white collar world, what becomes more common and apparent is that very often the chargeable offense is not the original act - it is the cover-up, or the attempted one..  Apparently this has been explained to Trump many times over the last two weeks, and it works - for around 12-24 hours...  I get that even if there is nothing there, that Trump, who is as "public" and shameless a promoter as one can imagine may have a corner of his personality, or psyche that demands privacy, but did he not see the nature of the job beforehand???
Could that be because conservatives would rather not see their children educated about the fact that other people actually do live in this world besides white evangelicals, and that we have to learn to live with people who look different and have different customs that we do? They are afraid of the dangerous knowledge that once you get to know people who are different from you, you stop mistrusting and hating them.
2/ Although Trump does have a history of racism. The fact is his rhetoric brought these racist hate groups out of the woodwork for the first time in decades, and they enthusiastically endorsed him. Now why would that be?  Furthermore, Steve Bannon, CEO of the Trump campaign and rumored to be Trump's pick for Chief of Staff, is a white supremacist and guru of the alt right, a white supremacist/anti-Semitic movement. So no, there was no confusion on that point that caused Hillary's loss. That's absurd.  We will have to disagree about the word "coalition." It is certainly legitimate to describe the alliances of convenience that develop to win elections.
Update: Sunday 7:00 PST  Clinton leads popular vote by over 630,000.  "there’s a sufficient amount [of votes left to count] to put her within striking distance of Obama’s 2012 turnout, and help put an end to the argument that she simply didn’t work hard enough. ... Wasserman estimates that Clinton could be ahead by 2 percentage points in the popular vote." -- The Atlantic  NY Times analyst Nate Cohn estimates a final margin over 2 million votes.  This blows away all the "if only Sanders" and "Clinton was so disliked" theories.  It boils down to the electoral college "rigged" system and high turnout by fanatic white Christian evangelicals in Michigan and Wisconsin.  -- Paul
when i go into a macdonalds, for their very good coffee - i see a multi-cultural workforce, as it should be in canada. when i go into any of the tim hortons in my neighbourhood they are all staffed by the indian sub-continent - no black workers, no koreans, chinese or whites. the choice should be clear where canadian dollars should be spent
This guy wasn't black he was Caucasian so I don't really understand the above rant you started with. Not to mention there's very little BLM movement within Alaska anyways.    I don't really think that this suicide by cop from a mentally disturbed person qualifies as a platform for your anger against some movement in the lower 48
Right?! All these nonconforming tattoo covered culture disease spreading alcohol fueled artists who have contributed to the draw of this quirky neighborhood for decades are so disgusting and scary! Ugh, and the dirty looks, it's like they have NO appreciation for all the boring rich white people and their babies moving in and tearing down their rentals once so affordable they could actually spare the time to make ART and THINK FOR THEMSELVES.
Grey whales have been to known to travel freshwater many times. Only reason it was one way trip is because people wanted to taste unique meats. The Jenkins family was involved in the killing as well. It is also quite interesting that the white fire chief billy howell was there cutting meat. He knows it was a crime and chose to be involved. The city of bethel should take a hard look at that. For us natives to work on a catch is one thing but a white guy shouldn't be allowed.
The story is also a reminder that we should stop stereotyping leadership. Most leaders are alphas, many are narcissitic, and male or female, white or black, it is a mistake to stereotype how they will perform.  As my psych professor used to say - there is far more difference between individuals than groups!
The first part of my comment was rejected, I have no idea why, so will try again, posting it in segments. ... Part 1.  It is counter-productive, destructive even, to frame the discussion in terms of "white (or male) privilege".  It is done deliberately to shame people in the mainstream of society, and to justify taking away what has been framed as "privileges", rather than asking what can be done to ensure everyone has access to what should be baseline conditions. This approach is as backwards as saying healthy people are "privileged" to be healthy. Good health should be the norm, it is being unhealthy that is the problem, and to ensure everyone is healthy is a better strategy than blaming the healthy for having the privilege of health.  tbctnd..
Greetings....with Daniel De Nardo in charge nothing is going to change for helping and assisting the average American Catholic who's not a Republican Country Club White Male😎
I believe most get that, but when your message is something like White supremacy, you're gonna have to expect people to start getting mad.  What would you say if it was some pedophile group?  No problem?
On January 20th, 2017 Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States. President Obama isn't going away though. He will resume his community organizing domestically as a race hustler to keep Black people fearful, angry, resentful, and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the Democrat voting block as a dependency class. And he will go on the speaking circuit internationally getting filthy rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the United Nations in order to save the planet from GLO-BULL warming.  And the Democrats in Congress and the Senate will obstruct, lie, libel, slander, and smear with the aid of the mainstream media because they are not in power and could care less about the nation.
LOL. The counter-protestors also have a right to free speech. This was one of the white supremacists saddest defenses. Deflection fail.
Why is there no picture again? Can ADN NOT find the facts related to the case? He has multiple offenses in MOA that can be found in a couple minutes, and there is NO picture? Lets see what the criminals look like, eh? The 6'1" white blond guy with a 'failure to appear' had a full-face mug shot yesterday, but a cop/civilian attempted murder and another attempted murder here have NO picture?
What a f-up! Cars are a big part of our identity, and our love of life. We don't need to restrict our freedom, and mobility, We need to stop the massive influx of immigrants who are destroying our ideals, and bringing anti white discrimination. Black lives matter.......of course they do. but so does  everyone elses
The bishops were chosen by God, acting through the Pope, to tell you how to live your life, who to vote for, and how to treat others.  They have the correct chromosomal make-up to reflect Jesus, who was a straight white man, and the approved medieval wardrobe to represent the church Jesus founded in Rome.  They know latin.  They were willing to make any sacrifice to protect the reputation of the church, no matter how many children were hurt.  They are capable of saying one thing, while doing something completely different.  Many of them were handpicked by a Saint!  How many more reasons do you need to follow their directions?
"Hockey is a white sport played in the U.S. by Canadian farmers and European contract workers. These are not going to be the first people up the barricades, and it's foolish to be disappointed when they aren't."    lol.  Good writing, yes?    And like Wayne Gretzky who endorsed Stephen Harper in 2015, those multimillionaire Canadian farmers more than likely all vote for the Conservatives. The multimillionaire American players more than likely vote for Republicans.   Sorry to burst your fantasy bubble, kids. But you're old enough to know - Santa Claus is a Republican. And so are your hockey heroes.
The concept of covering one's face in public, as a marker of respectability and of a class that can afford to be modest, is deep in Anglo culture and we maintain it symbolically today.  My grandmother (I'm 5th-gen Brit Cdn) grew up when ALL respectable women wore a hat with a veil in public. A bride's veil is a relic of that. Or search "hat veil" to find hundreds of pics of (white, anglo) women with a minimalist version, including Princess Diana at her coronation, Queen Elizabeth at any formal outdoor event. A princess costume has a hat with a long draping veil. Search "medieval veil" to see the more extensive & opaque covering that remained part of a nun's habit until a few decades ago.  By contrast a "bare-faced" lie is a brazen lie, a naked lie, a lie without shame. To be bare-faced is to be "unconcealed" (c. 1600) in a bad sense, "shameless, audacious" (1670s).  I wish we would stop fussing about veils. Obsessing over women's clothes is juvenile & irrelevant.
There is nothing wrong with "reaching out" to people.  You know that is not what I am nauseated by.  What is nauseating is when church officials give the impression that sin is alright--and or that something isn't sinful--and or that the Church may reconsider her teaching. What is nauseating is when church officials offer a soap box to a known dissident priest. The priest in question--even if he is not obviously dissident in what he is teaching--enough people think he is not clear on what he is and is not teaching that it is problematic.  This priest should clarify his stance.    Then again, a lack of clarification on vague and nebulous statements or opinions is all the rage these days in the Church--isn't it?  When things are left nebulous and vague and no clarification is offered--the person cannot be accused of heresy. After all--we should not be so black and white should we?  I am sure that is what Liberius thought when he singed the creed that was Arian, but not expressly so.
The White House said in a statement Sunday that when President Donald Trump condemned “all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred” that were on display in Charlottesville this weekend “of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”  If it is so obvious, then he should have no problem saying it.
Marty, you forgot that Hillary carried "hot sauce" in her purse. She may not be as white as you think.
When attackers over and over and over again are shouting Allah Akbar - maybe, just maybe - it has something to do with Islam. (But not everything)  Most "whites" in Western countries are post-christian or nominal at best. And final note - there are many "white" people (one wide brush there) that follow Islam. Bosnians, Albanians, former soviet states, Russians, British people, French....................................................................... Some of them have been very adept at killing in the name of Islam.
The odds are that I would be a white male, from the comments, so  I assume you were trying to be clever. Never accused of being a racist, bad guess. I was also exposed to more ethnic cultures in my working life, try 50 plus, which is probably 45 more then yourself, and again racism never came up. Then again I had the good fortune to deal with open minded people, instead of a narrow self righteous anonymous poster.
Put this in your meth pipe and smoke it. These are facts: From Lisa Bloom. Lisa Bloom is a Legal analyst for NBC News and Avvo, attorney and bestselling author.  "In our nation’s history, so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites. Yet no matter how sadistic the crime, no matter how young the victims, no matter how much fear is engendered in a community, no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender, the race itself is never sullied."   Lisa Bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children. 85-percent in Latin America, she says.  Lisa Bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country (America) are white men. And last, white women are known for killing their children.  Anything else?
Again does it say in the title of the college "white people college"?
SO in short, it is because she is white. I believe you are correct.
Most is the keyword-most. Mercer was also strangly a white supremist, was of mixed race as you point out Obama is (whatever relevance that has) and had learning disabilities and mental disabilities, got kicked out of the army for attempted suicide. And had an AR 15 at his disposal. He was not Muslim.
I'd say folks that this is going to continue.  Society here in this Republic is in serious trouble.  Hatred reins.  'I've got mine'.  No self reflection and therefore not much  taking responsibility for ones actions.    My deepest condolences to the victims, family and loved ones.  Then the YouTube star and XVoice runner up,  young Christina Grimmie, 23, shot and killed in FL.  http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jun/11/christina-grimmie-shooting-death-the-voice   Here the shooter is a 27 year old white male.  Not once is he referred to as a terrorist.  I'm just sick to my stomach.  It's all too much.  To lose lost my you rest in peace and may God have mercy on their souls.  l2g
If anyone made the comments about "brown fragility" or "female fragility" that this person has made about "white fragility" do you think they would escape the criticism they would richly deserve?
I couldn't even finish reading this tripe.   Gerry is cementing his communist credentials with the usual anti-white western pap. He, of course, fails to mention that Europeans did not invent slavery and did not bring slavery to Africa.   While there is evidence that there was a difference in the type of slavery within Africa (indentured based on debt) no such difference existed when the Moslems in North Africa bought and sold Africans for profit.  He also failed to mention that African tribes captured people from other African tribes to be sold to the European slave traders.
I guess it depends on what you mean by "refreshing." If you find a bunch of white supremacist loonies refreshing then you'll feel right at home with Trump and the armed lunatic militia groups that support him such as the Three Percent Security Force or other armed gangs of men who have decided THEY are the law of the United States.  https://soundcloud.com/war_college/inside-americas-armed-militias
It seems that all bombers are sane whether they are moslems and whether they are white Americans .  Its' just what we do to one another, retaliate sanefully.
"Edible pieces of art" enjoy no "protected class" status. - That means that, while the "artist/baker" cannot refuse to serve gays, neo-Nazis, blacks, members of the KKK, Muslims, Jews, whites, and Christians.....the "artist/baker" has the right to decline to use his artistic talents to decorate an "edible piece of art" in a way that goes against his religious, moral, ethical, and "whatever" beliefs he may have. - Because no "art" has "protection class" status, any and every artist/baker can refuse to decorate a cake in the following way: (1) a man being lynched (2) Nazi symbols (3) "May Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Bless This Marriage." (4) with unicorns, fairies, and little bunnies. (5) in a way that depicts a same-sex marriage. - #3 might surprise some people. But why would I even want to make a Jewish or Muslim baker "uncomfortable" decorating a cake in that manner? There are plenty of bakers who will gladly put that on a cake for the sheer joy of making money to please me.
Meanwhile, back at the DeathStar,Trump has now officially put national security  in the hands of Steve Bannon. And has effectively demoted the Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs - who will only be allowed into key security meetings pretty much at Bannon's discretion. What could possibly go wrong with a "burn it down" white supremacist fake news host with no experience or credentials in charge of our security strategy and tactics.... If you are not terrified yet!
I know many Americans.  Live 1/2 my time there in a cultural diverse area. None of them feel the colour divide. Americans are not colour conditioned as you suggest.  The race war has little to do with many of the problems suggested by MSM.  MSM has blown the racial divide completely out of proportion because it sells : it increases reader/viewership and therefore revenue.    If you think the US immigration are Gestapo, which is the correct spelling,  short for "Geheime Staatspolizei" , you have not travelled much.  Countries have the right to protect their borders.   It is also a fact many illegals and drugs have crossed the US Mexico border, contributing to crime.    In short, bringing up colour and the border has little to do with the latest gun tragedy.  Mass shooters being predominantly white is being and has been studied.  Many factors play into it, even what is classified as "white" when stats are taken.  Turning this into divisive racial issue is wrong.
Smuggling $128,000 worth of cocaine into Canada from the Caribbean is 'trying to turn you life around'??    And if she is so poor and down trodden how did she get to the Caribbean in the first place??  Secondly, please advise the scenario and discourse if this were a white person?
I like your rationale.  No need laws. No need government.  No need police or fire department.  None of these things existed prior to the arrival of the white man to the islands (and brought their "bible").  Just obey the reigning monarch, who is just the person with the biggest club at the time and we will all get along swell.  Hey, if the Russians took over the Hawaiian Islands, we all would be treated just like the Alaskan natives were prior to the US purchase, like slaves and animals.  Welcome to the world of dictatorship and totalitarian government.  Laws mean nothing and people even less. Sounds like your golden rule is, "Who has the gold, they rule.".
So what is your proposed solution? You may be correct but not in your "hegemony" comment. There are a lot of young white males who have no privilege and never have and now they have no jobs. I saw some of them at my kids' high school. Most of the award winners were not white and over half were young woman.. It speaks to the success of programs and resources to help girls and minorities succeed. We assumes that the white boys are okay and don't need any support. Are they? Some are, some are defiantly not. It is surprisingly easy to identify the white boys who need some support and intervention in high school, you can see them crying out for help while they are causing a problem in a fast food restaurant.  Perhaps early intervention to help them find a path forward would be helpful. Just calling them misogynists and racists is probably not the solution. They need the care and guidance that they are not receiving at home, as do all youth regardless of background. Love not jail.
On the first point I disagree. Many well known GOP names are saying trump is a disgrace. Even Ryan, is biting his tongue and drawing blood and he's about as conservative as they come. I'm sure your right about some teachers, plumbers, clergy, etc., that stereotype and say silly things like 'all white people are racists' while there are just as many saying the same things about any other color or ethnicity. It's true that some will use it as cover to point a finger while engaging in their own bigotry saying 'well, at least I'm not as bad as x'. I have no idea who's on the top of the domestic terror list. Would it be white males age 18-35? Why is that? They get crappy insurance rates, must be a reason there as well. Now, let's look at the serial killer and domestic terrorism that has taken place in the last 30yrs. What's the ratio? You tell me.
The way that the Editorial direction of this newspaper has been heading, they will be moving into smaller and smaller offices until no one is left to close the door.   A few things to consider:  - Political correct articles are not helping.  - Treating "whites" and "males" in a constant bad light. - Constant biased opinion pieces.  - Repetitive articles from same authors. - Downright racist articles (hiding under political correctness) articles. - Overload of Muslim/refugee/Islamic articles. - Calling everyone who voted for Trump or Brexit xenophobic racists!  The list goes on....
I can't help but wonder: if it had been a white student who had made some comment about "Muslim fragility," would Khan have been supportive of  the argument that criticizing this student would have infringed on the student's free speech and identity? Probably not.
Yeah, amazing how the melanistically-challenged always try to find another 'reason' for good-ol' American white supremacy. Wet feet.  Pyramids.  Deep in deNile.
So is addicting people to welfare, robbing them of the chance to grow in the virtues of industriousness and self-reliance, or retarding them of personal development (intellectual, social, manual skills) that occur through working....is that treating them well?  Is that treating Jesus well?  Some people can only see one step ahead in their grand plans to make heaven on earth.  They throw a ton of programs at people thinking that they're doing these people good...really they're just trying to assuage their white guilt.
I think people only take things when they don't have things. Go to a small poor town in the midwest and you see the same shenanigans in the same proportions from what are allegedly the bedrock of this society, white male farmers. Anyone who has a stable life, whether or not it was well earned, has absolutely zero grounds to pass judgement against those without. It's easy to blame drugs, laziness, liberals, hillary clinton, the prophet mohommed, etc, etc, etc, etc etc... It's very hard to admit things such as the fact that people doing meth are doing it for the same reason you are taking 'xyz' legal pharmaceuticals. Then you would have to admit that behind all the contrivance they are exactly like you. Why would somebody wish to be honest about these things with themselves? Because only then can you possess empathy.
With good reason. Black people driving their own cars and unarmed are gunned down during traffic stops, harassed on their way to voting booths, arrested without cause, stopped and searched without cause for walking while black. When Charles Dalton talks about white privilege, it is the privilege to travel in public as a free woman or man, without harassment by the police or, for those who don't knuckle under, to be taken to jail or even shot to death on the spot. This happens. If you were a white male in Russia or Ukraine, it could easily happen to you. This is the United States, we're supposed to be free, but often enough, people with power can really hurt you.
Is that why you up-voted the guy who said it would be funny to see whites getting beaten down?
To blame Rubio is to find a scapegoat. Trump is a product of many angry, mostly white Americans who now believe their low pay is the result of immigrants, the Chinese, the Mexican government, with a dash of corporate influence. And let's not forget Muslims, who perpetrated what the media dubbed "the greatest terrorist attack since 9/11 - 14 people killed. No one should rejoice over deaths, the largest attack in 15 years killing 14 shows little threat. Before Trump, Republicans riled over immigration, foreign threats and government control. Spawning a child that ate their mother, the Tea Party came to see Republicans as part of establishment politics. Compromise = bad. This message was spread throughout the land via hate-talk radio and hundreds of right wing wacko web sites (we take Visa) that still spew lies, i.e. our Muslim President, hate for liberals and RINOS. The Heritage Foundation and CATO institute helped craft these arguments Then came Trump who spoke "lies we can believe in".
The Iranian regime has been a modest regime for the past 40 years. There is no difference between black and white ribbon mullahs. Iran's system is a traditional system. All the mullahs rely on the system of Velayat-e faqih. As a result, you will not find moderate in Iran. Obama tested for eight years and lost. Now the Iranian mullahs have been isolated. Especially after the Riyadh conference, which was a great development. The mullahs have a hard time going out of the crisis. They will not give Iranian citizens any kind of mercy. Because they executed 100,000 Iranians. Iranian people are opposed to the mullahs. These are the last days of the Iranian mullahs' life
Could you  please explain the rationale the good white folk in the Bismark suburbs used to have this pipeline rerouted from their area?
I was referring to the candidates and presidents AFTER they entered politics.  No serious student of American political history would challenge the assertion that Demcorats have a far higher horn dog - adulterer - serial rapist - sexual assault legacy than the GOP candidates and presidents.  Yes, you got old Ike - when he was the supreme commander in Europe during WWII and thousands of miles from his wife and not involved in politics he did have a relationship with the young woman who was his adjutant/aid de camp.  (This was during the time that President Roosevelt - a Democrat naturally - was banging his wife's personal secretary in The White House.)  As to Bush #41,  there is nothing but an uncorroborated smear that he may have had a dalliance with a young Asian woman.  Its not like with Zipper Billy Clinton who was accused of sexual assault and worse by over 20 women and who even today according to the NY Post carries on an adulterous affair with a younger divorcee at his home.
In 2015, according to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black. http://www.dailywire.com/news/7264/5-statistics-you-need-know-about-cops-killing-aaron-bandler
According to RNS and Pew, 60% of white Catholics voted for Trump, while only 37% voted for Clinton.  http://religionnews.com/2016/11/09/white-evangelicals-white-catholics-and-mormons-voted-decisively-for-trump/ ;  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/09/how-the-faithful-voted-a-preliminary-2016-analysis/  That's quite a wide margin.
Interesting that George Will should be huffy about a Trump not representing the soul of the Republican Party.  Yet he must be aware that Trump is the end point, a culmination of almost 100 years of Republican flirting for Southern votes, which congealed as The Southern Strategy with Nixon and Reagan appealing to White racism in the South following passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1965, which caused Southern White racists to abandon the Democratic Party.  Republicans signaled with "dog whistle" cues, implying they supported segregation and keeping Black people down.  Trump's big triumph was jettisoning "political correctness", and appealing directly and unapologetically to racial bigotry.  And just look how many fish he caught!  Republicans have made their bed and will have to sleep in it.  May they sleep a hundred years.
Jay , if that particle is unintentionally on the floor it is not capable of being seen as consecrated bread .  Who knows what little specks of other white-ish particles might have been picked up on a paten ? Were a person to intend sacrilege it would be so easy to remove a "host " from the mouth . Who would think Jesus ever charged us with worrying ?  Rather he gave himself under the appearances of basic food and drink so that he could transform us at the deepest level of being .   Why not just "  taste and see the goodness of the Lord "  ? The opposite of bodily nourishment .  A carrot e.g. through digestion becomes something of us .Communion is so that we become divinized .   This poor traditional priest is suffering and needs help but people are using him to shore up their ideology .  For shame !
Hitler was a leader among his peers as well.  Most of his followers supported his contributions as well. That is the problem.  Non-white individuals are not going to "just get over it."  They are not ignorant, nor are they mean-spirited.   The education Deady supported was for whites only.  It was a racist institution and in some many ways those vestiges still remain.    The question here and now is does the University, that was founded on those racist principles, want to keep that legacy?  If not, then change the names.  If you were a student or faculty member of color would you appreciate these monuments?  What if it was a black supremacist who founded that institution?  Should his name stay up?     It isn't mean-spirited it is time for a change.  Either Oregon gets rid of  the vestiges that continually remind us that this is a racist state, or it sends a clear message, racism is alive and well in Eugene.
No I am not.  Are you okay with heroin being dealt at your local High School?  Ghetto?  Neighborhood? City? Anywhere?  But when you compare Heroin deaths with White people and car accidents it's absurd.  Further people really do need cars in our society.  But NO ONE needs Heroin!!!   B. Brainfree
The GOP is little more than a white identity death cult these days. The president and his supporters made it very clear that all lives don't matter to them. They are defined by who they fear, hate, and resent. The children in Flint still don't have clean water thanks to the GOP. Clearly, their lives don't matter to them. Republicans remind me of the "good Germans" that never asked, where did the Jews disappear to? Most of those Germans were Christians too.
Well said rich. I should have specified. Dps  are arguably the largest group of refugees the world has yet known, and they were white and often children. My dad was one of them, fled from the ussr as they advanced while the was still on the end of his mum's arm, at 3.  Then because of war destruction no food, his mum had to send him away (thanks to red cross he didnt die of starvation) because she had other babies to care for. All the men were dead or fighting or being interned by ussr. Then orphanages run by brutal nuns. 6 years of school and work to learn a trade at 13.  He came to canada had to learn english, no support but nightschool while working.  His story is NORMAL for many of those millions of dps. Women had to suffer rape and abusee on top of that.   Kids and civilians on both sides suffered incredibly. No child of any ethnicity should suffer what millions of ww2 DPs did.  White privilege is a silly modern construct by people who don't know history. Class privilege, ok.
Not a soul in memory has left the world in such turmoil as the fanatical community organizer. To the right he will surely go down as the most despised President ever.  The stage is set in the middle east for a conflagration such as the world has never seen.  With the hatred of Muslims and the intransigence of the Jews  the introduction of an amateurish fanatic in the White House was just the catalyst needed to bring the world to the precipice of all out war.  The right or wrong of Israel's policies hardly seem to matter any longer. The left will loudly disagree but it now remains to be seen if Trump can once again pull  a rabbit out of the proverbial hat.  Coupled with very tenuous relations now with Russia I know there has never been a more dangerous period in my lifetime.  Elections do indeed have consequences.
it is only racist when white parents say it - everyone else is protecting their "culture"
I think it is sad that the elephant in the room has still not been addressed. This was a great opportunity to put the rights of whites in SA to bed: can they own land, must there be restitution of some sorts, must white guilt live on in perpetuity, can blacks be racist, were the black tribes who came down the east coast not immigrants and colonizers as well,  etc ? Instead we will all continue to pussyfoot around each other because populism and being PC rules. SAD
If we look beyond the hysterics, black males are proportionately as likely as white males to have encounters with the police--there is no racial bias there.  So then (as some of the protestors and their allies have said) the issues are bigger and have more justification in broader racial bias.  And we can perhaps to make the world racially neutral, hence my suggestion for player ratios.
It has nothing to do with "white privilege".  It has to do with 2000 years of history.
This is a sad day when innocent lives are lost during a police encounter. Its a sad day when our police are targeted and killed because of some very bad decisions by the few. This is getting out of control. Stop this madness. BLM needs to focus also on making blacks lives better not rail against all police. We as a nation know so many crimes are committed by blacks, even blacks on blacks, i.e Chicago? Non blacks are leery of blacks already because of this bad behavior because a large percentage of crimes are committed by them. Personally, I despise the white trash criminal even more. Either way, let justice prevail for officers who make very bad decisions, and yes we need to all come together to understand each other and respect each other. I love a law abiding citizen no matter what color, but will never support a criminal of any color. I feel for the families of the people who were shot, both the civilians and the officers. This is all so wrong!
What? If he is impeached he has no job and is not entitled to be in the White House. Pence automatically becomes president and it would be the Secret Service's job to protect him.   I suppose if Trump refuses to leave and ties himself to the posts outside the White House Pence will have to call the United Airlines security team to remove him.
If you really believe that than I can't help you.  The first homo saps with language existed a few hundred thousand years before the Eden legend could have taken place in the middle east.  Unless you think carbon dating and genetic analysis (which shows homo sap mating with neanderthal due to neander DNA in white people - including Adam and Eve) are work of the devil, there is no proof of your position.  Belief is not proof, it's belief or in your case, delusion.
DACA isn't about "anchor babies."  It's about kids brought here illegally by their parents and grew up here with the US the only country they've known.  Most of them are family-oriented, have a strong work ethic, and are Catholics.  I expect this situation to be resoloved with an immigration reform plan simililar to the "Gang of 8" plan that passed the Senate but was held up in the House where the House Republicans demanded border security first, which had been promised Reagan in exchange for Amnest but never delivered.  Trump is delivering.  With or not it will include a path to citizenship depends on whether or not the GOP wants the Mexican-American vote.  In El Paso, our largest border city with a population of 970,000, 85% of which are Hispanic, they usually have, and currently have, Republican mayors because they don't talk like white supremacists down there.  Hispanics are naturals for the GOP if treated right.
The basic issue is colonialism based on white male supremacy.  It was in the past and it is today and it always will be until the white governing class give up power and shift their focus from exploitation to equity.
What exactly makes you a victim? What have you been denied? I see you believe in alt-facts, in other words lies. Please give us the year and date that white racism stopped effecting public policy? Black America is doing better than rural white America these days. We are not where we want to be, and we are not where will be, but thank God we are not where we use to be. We are living longer that rural, poorly educated, white people. BTW, one of Sessions 1st acts as the AG was to tell police departments not to worry about being investigated for killing unarmed people in general and black people in particular. That is racist and unconstitutional to me. Take responsibility for your choices and maybe you can retire early like me. Jesse Jackson can be bought. What have you lost to black racism? Get a good education, that is how you take advantage of globalization. That is how you succeed based on merit. White women have been the primary beneficiaries from Affirmative Action and Title 9.
Some people think there might be more harassment of minorities. People in Utah told me that asians and polynesians have been harassed and there is a small group of white supremacists-- some of them supposedly LDS. Some minority students from Hawaii, including two polynesian football players or ex players (?) took a road trip from Salt Lake City to Idaho and were harrassed at a roadside store near the Utah/Idaho border. They went to a bar in Idaho near a ski resort and encountered harassment and physical threats and demeaning remarks and had to leave. This has never happened before, but a few minorities, including some polynesians have spoken about it.
I do agree he spoke too quickly, and that it has almost become some kind of personal power struggle - but the problem is he also needed to be seen to take action quickly, due to the outcry caused by her comments, lest there be a hint that certain members of the party are treated differently to others. It really is something she brought on herself by not thinking before tweeting.  She is, after all, a seasoned politician who should clearly understand how important perception is in the world of politics - and when you're a senior white politician in a party that has for years be trying to rebrand itself as something other than the party of disgruntled whites, you should know better than to say what she said. If there's even a chance you may be misconstrued, rather don't say it at all. All in all, it's a sordid situation from both sides, but one that could have easily been prevented, simply by using the brain at high speed instead of the fingers...
You apparently don't pay attention much.  When one of them was robbed there wasn't a she's a victim outcry it was that she deserved it.  You know kind of like this woman deserves to go to jail based on virtually nothing in way of facts but lots of innuendo.  If the police laid out at time x there was a confrontation at time y the homeless man was shot, at time z the young lady drove off... That would be more factual than some time later.  Some time later could be 1 minute or 1 hour or 3 hours... and the fact pattern changes a lot if it is 1 minute later compared to 3 hours later. Similarly if we changed the 'rich young white woman' (OMG privilege) with just about any other race socio economic status individual the outrage largely goes away.  Thus the problem.  Hell if it had been a poor black person it wouldn't have even made the paper (see Chicago)
When one can speculate the facts it is easier than researching them. States like Texas that teach abstinence only have the highest rate of white teen pregnancies.
Here's a handy website that will demonstrate that poverty falls along race lines in the U.S. and that Blacks and Hispanics are disproportionately represented among the poor your suggestion concerning "plenty of blacks living the dream" notwithstanding.  Percentages for Oregon were not available but for Washington state poverty rates among different groups is as follows: whites-9% blacks- 37% hispanic- 18% http://kff.org/other/state-indicator/poverty-rate-by-raceethnicity/
one of her co-committee people was furiously defending her last night, saying she would NEVER.  theresa is just like her.  they sat around and decided they couldn't strategize their way out of this, and rather than offering an apology directly to jamie, they just shut it all down.  white women apologizing to a black woman?  never, in their little circle.  good riddance.
Well personally, as a white guy I was accused of racism by furious armchair warriors each and every time I ever criticized anything to do with Obama, and I voted for the guy twice.   But I wasn't allowed to disagree with anything about him without receiving the racist treatment.   It was ridiculous, and I was no birther or any other such non-sense.  So yea, though there are indeed racists out there upset about a black guy getting elected, that view doesn't represent most white people as far as I've seen.   HATE -- it's what's for breakfast, lunch and dinner anymore.
White Amerika? Lots of colors have guns and how did this racist comment get on here.
This play must be touring again as Lepage is giving interviews an April of 2017. I saw it last year and thoroughly enjoyed it. Like others in the mostly white Vancouver audience I leapt to applaud at the end.  Later, I looked up this phrase "speak white" and its history, and started to feel angry. I'd been had. The poem in question "Speak White" is yet another rant by a wounded Quebec psyche about how the English horribly suppressed them. "Speak white" basically meaning "speak English."   I am an English Quebecer from a lower-middle class background a few years older than Lepage from a community in Montreal. I NEVER heard any English person I knew or encountered use the phrase "speak white." When I researched it after seeing the play, I found few references to its use. I'm sure it was used, but I can't prove it was uncommon and I suspect Lepage can't prove it was common. However, it feeds into the pequiste mythology about Quebec needs to be its own nation.
That is because they do endorse the Republican Party.  Fort Nights of freedom for white Catholic Men - aka Knights of Columbus with Bishops support, are out generally telling everyone in the church that the Democratic Party is the Party of Death & no matter whatever else the Democrats stand up for:  the poor, middle class fair wages, anti-racism, anti-sexism, better social programs for all including universal health care & Medicare & Medicaid, Government funding for college & day care expenses, pro-environmental initiatives.  They have even published books with the title "The Democratic Party is the Party of Death!" & then warn no Catholic should ever vote democrat -Bishops & Catholic Press' have supported this book.  Bishops have turned away thousands of dollars given to the poor by Democratic Politicians (& not replaced the funds to the poor with their own money) because the democrat was not for illegalizing abortion even though they agreed abortion is sin & wrong.  The truth hurts?!
Peter: Thanks for the lecture, and your opinion, but wouldn't your insights apply to those of Asian backgrounds as well? One simply does not hear of Koreans, Japanese, Vietnamese, or any of a host of other Asian immigrants, or citizens,  suffering from any of the issues you describe above. In fact they have seemed to embrace the American Dream, and in many cases exceed on average, in many areas, from education, to business acumen, what many "Whites" seem to accomplish, even with all the "Privilege" they automatically acquire at birth. Interesting.
Why do you call yourself Native American?   Why not white?   It's the same question that Trump and others questioned about the President.  My intent is that claiming we are this race or that race or that nationality, is just goofy once you get passed the second generation of immigrants.  If you hadn't told us I'd have never guessed you were Cherokee or English.    I know you as Boozer not your ancestors.
Notice the subtle reference to a white extremism and no mention of Arab extremism? Boy, the Socialist elites are good at turning perspective. Pay attention to details on these articles as they are designed to sway opinion. But in the age of Trump all of these articles are suspect and all seem to be fake news content designed for mind programming.  Honey we see you, tell your overlords too.
My understanding is that the Indians came to SA as indentured labourers to work in the KZN cane fields. They came with nothing. Yet despite the headwinds of apartheid and without any crutches like BEE, no attitude of entitlement etc,  little government help, they built themselves up , with schools, infrastructure and businesses, paid their taxes to the extent that they are now on a  par with the whites who benefited hugely from apartheid. They did this from a position of being worse off than the blacks.  The blacks had land. These Indians did not. You can guess what I am implying.
My comment today is about the fact that  I might have had a comment on Ms Wente's other article on white privilege this morning, but because it's considered a sensitive topic, I have been restricted from commenting on it.  This is because within the last 30 days, I'd been restricted for clicking through others' comments and not catching comments the G&M considered uncivil.  As a paying subscriber (which is why I can use this comment board), I do not expect to have to do the G&Ms job for it - if I submit a comment, G&M moderator should check to see if I've over-stepped the boundaries.   The G&M is obviously still doing that, but now I am also expected to judge my fellow commenters.  If the G&M doesn't like how I judge them, I'm restricted. There is something creepily Orwellian about this.  I wonder if others feel the way I do?  I'd end my subscription, but national publications in Canada are woefully limited, as we all know.  But I'm very unhappy about this, and not impressed
I think, if you read Icon's post, you will see it's a renunciation of the "all white people are evil" message Mr. Elliott discusses.  I agree with the position that we must "overcome".....overcome hate and racism, and overcome those who would promote violence and intolerance among those of us who fight together against racism.  I thank Icon for her comments.  Gary Crum
An 'Invasion'? How derogatory! I am appalled that Globe and Mail would let this title be printed.   Is it because they are mostly white? Or...French?  Would the Globe and Mail ever refer to another immigrant group such as  the Syrian or the Vietnamese  as  an 'invasion'?
A majority of his votes were white, although he did not win the while vote. He did, however, win the Catholic vote. The Illinois law would have required extraordinary measures for non-viable live births. That may have violated Roe, but probably not, It would have violated all kinds of medical ethics, including Catholic ones. Extraordinary measures can always be withheld, which is why Catholic hospitals should offer induction abortions and let the child die rather than letting Dr. Carhart dismember them in utero and deliver the pieces. You are correct, of course, that the bill was more RTL Movement pandering.
http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/18/us/ordinary-white-supremacists/index.html  That includes the white AGs listed above, btw.  CNN should know, right?  Because they've always been right...about everything, right?  Good thing I'm only part white.  That means I'm only partly defaulted.
I like this guy's style and confidence. He doesn't seem like a fool either. Sikh's have a wonderful religion and culture. They can also separate their religion from other people's rights. Nice to see some none-white faces (I am white by the way). How about First Nations as minister of environment, justice and /or  Governor General. Let Canada stand for compassion and the dignity of all humans. We are all rowing in this boat called Canada. The world is changing fast. We all need to be pulling the oars in the same direction. (I admit I may not have thought this way 20 years ago.) I am getting older and I don't see everything so 'black/brown and white' anymore. Things are getting interesting.
Are not these players shaming every white American?   Shaming a huge segment of the nation simply for the color of their skin?  Mote, beam.
After reading the comments to this article, it would appear that the privileged white Liberal author is completely out of touch with the mainstream of society is thinking.  Time to climb out of your gated community and join with the rest of the world
...you accuse me of smokin' meth...wrong.  I admitted to you my "race".  Because, you need to know that many "whites" (majority) did not vote for Trump.  Actually, almost an even split in AK - the now republican state that it has become.  Where do you live?  Maybe because your statements are general & wide swathed statements.  You might want to think about how you phrase your thoughts to the community of  Anchorage.  I truly do not mean any disrespect to you.
Goldberg had better be careful. The white supremacists that elected Trump have no love lost on college educated Jews. His white privilege card is only conditional.
The neo-feudalists don't care about colour.    The issue is that as units of labour, westerners and our institutions are  costly and bothersome.  Westerners just happen to be mostly white by coincidence.  The goal is to achieve a borderless world where rootless serfs can be shipped wherever hands and muscles are needed, and quaint ideas like your vote having meaning or laws being upheld can be forgotten.
Your post makes me glad I am white.  Your post here is dripping with racism, probably born with it in fact, and you don't even realize it.  They call it institutionaized racism when you act like that.  Enjoy every minute of President Trump!  He is dragging a large hook through the swamp, and you might get snagged on it soon!
Many Canadians share a preference for less racial diversity, along with a drop in mass immigration, but do not associate themselves with neo-Nazis, KKK, white supremacists, or alt right groups.  They are simply Canadians who do not share the PM's globalist view of Canada as a 'post-national state.'
Actually, I don't think it is illegal to cross the border into the hands of the RCMP and make a refugee claim.  They didn't exactly try to sneak across, did they? They will be taken to the CBSA and processed. If the claim is good, they can stay. If not, they will be removed.  Everyone needs to get a grip. If these where white people, the tone would be totally different.
Ms. Jashinsky's article serves humanity very well.  The acceleration of pathetic outbursts from insecure and self-delusional people, advocating for more non-white homomasculine authors in technical arenas is the pinnacle of absurdity.   I can accept attitudes that challenge male chauvinism and white supremacy-based social orders, but this pseudo-feminist bullshit that propitiates all forms of non-traditional roll model creeps in society is becoming excessive and unacceptable.  Look around you, the world is pretty much like you and I with a minuscule number of outliers sprinkled in for balance.  There is no basis for accepting white supremacy and there is no reason to argue that males are smarter or better, but there is plenty of evidence that supports the notion of male-dominance in the study of phylogenetic influences on male-female relationships and survival through human history.  Gender diversity beyond male-female is 90% (plus) hyperbole that arises from the progressive community.
Registered weapon?  The only firearms that are registered are those covered by the National Firearms Act (NFA) of 1934. Also- law abiding armed citizens aren't the problem. The problem is the criminal  Other things to remember- Gun control laws are racist. They disproportionally disenfranchise non-whites from their human right to armed self defense. Gun control laws are sexist. They reduce or eliminate whole classes of tools to allow women to defend themselfs with.  Gun control laws are homophobic. They prevent those law abiding citizens who identify under the LGBT label from having tools to defend themselfs, when they are targeted for violence.  Should firearm owners get training, and lock up their firearms? Yes. But it should not be mandated nor regulated by the government. Remember, the right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Ultimately all gun control laws seek to take safety away from citizens, leaving them dependent upon the state for protection.
Trump: the ‘gateway drug’ to white nationalism
I do know there are Native Americans who are business owners, etc., all around.  You'll note I didn't specifically mention Asians either, and I know many.  The very term 'people of color' is uncomfortable for me, because it draws a difference between me and others; after all, I am not snow-white, more of a beige.   But when you throw 'you whites' at me like an epithet, it seems uncalled for.  Thanks for the reminder, next time I'll make a longer list.
I believe you`al need to check out the definition of racist.  Seems if you don't like it, paint it racist.  All and all got too much American history on racism... in black, white, and red blood.
If a non-aboriginal had been appointed to head up the inquiry, there would have been a number of complaints that it would be just another example of the white man trying to bury a problem. Appointing an aboriginal should satisfy the aboriginal community, but presents the same bias in reverse. If things are as bad as some reports suggest, Senator Sinclair, is about to run into a stone wall when it comes to co-operation.
Republicans are riding for a huge fall in 2018.  Food stamps are used mainly by whites in poor parts of the country.  They voted for trump thinking he was sincere in saying he would help them.  He lied as we all now know.
Hatred of the Confederate battle flag and acceptance of the wrong-thiking view that it symbolizes hate, racism, or stands as anything other than a part of cultural identity is not only a falsehood -- to believe it is a symbol of hate is nothing less than the advancement of a PRO-white supremacist viewpoint. http://southernfriedcommonsense.blogspot.com/2015/03/why-hatred-of-confederate-flag-is-pro.html
Now wait a minute there, Sparky.  Hillary is white.
Nothing like being thankful to the "white fragility" that welcomed her parents into their country of choice.....
actually, the evidence shows that its not the protests that are responsible -- its the situation that lead to the protests.    Why else would black enrollment drop 42% -- twice the rate of the drop in white enrollment?    Students did not want to be associated with a school that was so profoundly racist....  Now, you can make the argument that the protesters were to blame for bringing national attention to the racism and hate that pervaded Mizzou...but that would just affirm the suspicion that you're merely an apologists for bigotry.
I agree that there are too many depressing, racist posts on this article. I would also agree that people of colour are discriminated against and have more difficult lives than white males. However, pointing out that someone's behaviour is unfortunate, and probably counter-productive, does not mean that I somehow think I am being treated unfairly, nor do my remarks come from any type of fear. Ms. Khan may say anything she likes, that's her right, but if she's smart enough to get into university she should be smart enough to realize that her angry remarks are bound to invite reciprocal anger. Is this a good way to solve her problems or the broader issues of race and power imbalance? I think not. Unfortunately she seems intent on creating her own self-fulfilling  prophecy.
There  you go again. Ranting on old white guys in Riddle.
He's a man so that won't do.  I was thinking more along the lines of Theresa Spence now that she's looking for work but I'm pretty sure the CBC is hoping to cover all of their bases by hiring a non-white, aboriginal, trans gendered individual.
White non-Hispanic voters preferred Trump over Clinton by 21 percentage points (58% to 37%). http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/09/behind-trumps-victory-divisions-by-race-gender-education/
Trump’s immediate condemnation of the assault as “terror” stood in direct contradiction to how he handled a recent right wing terrorist car attack at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Oh, Lord...Do any of these protestors perchance have slaveholders in their ancestry?  If any of them are white, there's a good chance they do.  So maybe white protestors can be assumed to have had something to do with slavery--kind of like how it's being assumed the restaurant owner has a deep involvement in some really-really historic colonialism.  I think we should ban those proxy slave owners from--from--well, whatever they need banning from on the off chance GGG-Grandpa held slaves.  Or how about this--since British colonialism in India seems to have struck a chord, is there any chance these folks are storing away some energy for protesting India's home-grown caste system--which still exists, by the way?  Say, here's a thought: I'm sure there's at least one Indian restaurant in Portland.  How about picketing them for the caste system?  Oh, wait--they may not be white.   What a great world it would be if all the people who think they know stuff actually did.
Cornwallis was involved in an all out war with tribes in Nova Scotia, he had orders to get the job done. Whites were being killed by indigenous tribes and his retaliation, well being a little harsh was exactly what the Mik Maq were doing to the British settlers. This group really needs to go back and clean up their reserve, get jobs in the city, look after their families and pay taxes. Forget history...it does not affect tomorrow.
Why are there no Caucasians crossing the border from USA Justin welcome people to cross the border Why is there no affirmative action to see there are Whites too Is Trudeau a racist ?
So are you saying nazis, neonazis, white supremacists and fascists should be a protected class?
95%: context matters - numbers are meaningless without it. Equivalence in suffering/deprivation?  Seriously?  How far back in South African History will you go and how nuanced will your analysis be? I could not agree with you more about the  breakdown of the social fabric of the black community due to migrant labour. On its own and not by comparison to a perceived greater or lesser suffering it was an affront to humanity. Land. The SAN and the NAMA, the original inhabitants of South Africa. Natal Coolie Law of 1859 for allocation of then Crown land: Indians owned land as far back as the 1870s (Natal Coolie Law of 1859). As far back as 1894 there was land appropriation from the inhabitants by the Whites. Everyone of us without SAN/NAMA ancestry is technically a thief by your reasoning.  Economic Exclusion: how far back in South African history will you go? Transvaal's Act 3 of 1885? If you want to mount an argument about privilege don't cherry pick your moments in history. Nuff said!
A follow to my distinctions regarding Trump's "many sides."  Because of serious omissions & a lack of indispensable nuances, Trump employed just enough cynically creative ambiguity to provide the cover of moral equivalence to white supremacists. There are just ways to be antifascist and antiracist and, prudentially, the just means CAN include violent tactics, although I believe antifa has failed to make a compelling argument that they've met just war-like criteria. Nazis and supremacists fail justice in the very predicate of their morally repugnant existence! That's why saying there's wrong on many sides is necessary but insufficient.  Trump's discourse remains a moral disgrace and a dark stain on the Office of POTUS! This has only been a deplorable reinforcing moment. Trump long ago, way before the election, had his defining moments. His discourse remains shocking but, sadly, not surprising.  That's why he's hopefully headed to bipartisan censure, which could grease the skids ...
Oregon is very white,  with a significant Latino population and  very small African American,  Asian,  Pacific Island,  and Native American populations.     Last year I went to watch a Lakeridge HS grand daughter cheer at a  boys basketball game with West Linn,  then the #1 ranked team in Oregon.  LHS had  four African American  boys, with Asians and whites.    West Linn had four white kids,  the rest AA.   Two schools where  median incomes are six figures in a Metro Area with under 50,000 AA residents,  with  most AA kids going to a hand full of failing high schools.      The girls game followed.  Lakeridge had an Asian girl and the rest white.  West Linn was all white girls.   In some aberration of happenstance,  all those AA  boys and no sisters with the tall gene and athletic ability.      Oregon high school ball is about recruiting and show casing ability for college recruiters,  at successful academic high schools.  Willamette and many, many others will never make the grade.
The Trump core supporters will never believe anything negative about the man who lied about the size of his inaugural crowd.  Lying about something so trivial and so obviously false is an insult to the American people. The problem is that Trump supporters will never believe it is a lie because that would conflict with the way they so desperately want the world to be.  It feels much better for them believe that former President Obama lied about everything.     It seems like the hatred for former Pres Obama started before he had a chance to do anything.  When SC Senator Joe Wilson yelled (incorrectly) "You Lie" he kick-started a right wing movement to discredit everything Obama.  The Repub led congress made a decision to do everything in their power to make him fail. Hate is the product of fear and/or ignorance.  While there is some racial ignorance in play, most of the hate directed at Obama is based on the one thing that the white boy Republican establishment fears the most: Change
If a white person isn't playing a patronising mother of dragons setting the slaves free, they're just part of institutional racism. How dare you consider your fellow human beings as your equal, with their own hopes and dreams and agency, when they are clearly oppressed, and you are clearly their messiah by virtue of your privilege?   See, the problem isn't large scale larceny on the side of our government. No! The problem is white minority capital, and white people who refuse to acknowledge their privilege. Bicycle thieves. All of them. Never mind the billions at Nkandla or billions down the drain at SAA, give back the bicycles.
Eliminate Affirmative Action, then maybe we can allow DACA to stay in U.S. Affirmative Action currently discriminates against whites  and Asians.  For example,  when medical school applicants with equal qualifications, grades, etc., are considered... 90% of black applicants get into medical school, while much lower percentage of  Asians and Whites are accepted. There are 800,000 or so DACA.  We cannot continue to prop-up certain minorities at the expense of whites and Asians.
So, what is the official position of the NRA on the police killing of Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte, NC?  I poked around and couldn't find anything.  NC is an open carry state so the police have no right to demand that citizens disarm - or do they :)  Couldn't find any public statements form Wayne LaPierre either.    Rev. Barber:  "we have a situation where there are only three possible scenarios. One, an unarmed African-American man with a book was shot, and the police, black and white, conspired to place a gun at the scene to suggest that he had been aggressive. Two, an African-American man had a gun, which is not illegal in North Carolina, an open-carry state, and was shot by the police. Three, an African American had a gun, brandished it violently at the police and was shot."
Why doesn't the article mention that he is black. Same paper same day has a headline that makes a big deal out of a white police officer punching a black suspect with little or no context. This silliness has to stop. There are many reasons people do not see the press in a warm light.
How about we all just celebrate Mothers' Day today and Fathers' Day next month?! I'm fed up with all the whining about poor, under-appreciated Dad's. Completely inappropriate to run this article today and I'm surprised that the writer didn't narrow things down further to poor, under-appreciated, white fathers!
Get a grip . . . Tolerance of bigots just encourages them. The white supremacists who marched in Charlottesville understand such tolerance as weakness,  as a vulnerability to exploit and build upon  They recognize it for what it is: the unwillingness of the state and the intelligentsia to defend post-1964 American values of racial tolerance, diversity, inclusion and justice for historically despised groups.   The GOP have long encouraged skepticism about that version of America. The fascists who killed Heather Heyer would never have dared to mass and march unmasked if not for almost 50 years of dog whistling and coded racism by conservatives eager to build power on white resentment.  The AntiFa are the natural result of the ambivalence towards social justice of our ruling caste. Somebody has to keep the lid on the monster lurking in the white supremacist imagination. Again, tolerating them just encourages them.
We see a lot of anti Trump stories but nothing about the Mexicans burning the American flag and waving Mexican flags at the Trump event in San Jose.  Also what about the San Jose Mayor telling the police to stand down so they let that woman get beat up by a bunch of anti Trump people in San Jose?  And where was Obama on this?  Nowhere to be found.  If this had been whites beating up a black person Obama would have been right on top of it.  I think Trump is what is needed in America today.  The minorities think they can get by with anything.
I am not aware of even a single example of white people refusing to accept the enrollment of black students at Mizzou.  That statement is nothing more than a cheap attempt to excuse the actions of a professor that used profanity against police, threatened a student with physical violence, and trampled on the first amendment.  Click is the embodiment of the term "crybully".
What month is white history month? What month is Asian month?  What month is Hipanics month?  Why is the only National Holiday named after a person a black man? Enuf with all the race baiting. Just look at Chicago, Detroit and Baltimore!
While I don't dispute your facts, we are not talking about the same women. So, yes, it makes sense that those who can afford not to work outside the home might stay home.  What doesn't follow is your assumption that sexual harassment is the cause. You remind me of 1950s America when most US white women listed their job as homemaker while nearly all women of color listed their job as maid.  My guess is that there were many white maids as well.  Choosing is less of an option for the poor.  And, yes, I loved the sarcasm.
Warrant issued for the White Supremacist guy featured in the VICE story.
One thing I know for sure, this mass shooting will not start national research into the white male culture of gun violence.
"In decades in journalism, Eisner hadn’t received the sort of anti-Semitic and Holocaust-related email and social media abuse that she has from Trump supporters in the past year, she said."  White supremacists in Charlottesville chanted, "The Jews will not replace us!"  Anti-Semitism and white power movements have always been joined at the hip.  It is no surprise that Trump voters would target a Jewish journalist.
White supremacists/Neo-nazis/KKK/Skinheads have stated their beliefs.   Every one, every time uses the same arguments: that is not a 'small sample'. Whole mobs repeat in unison with their leader, and takes the mantra away to repeat to new recruits.  You think hearing another argument that the white race is superior and abused will 'improve and broaden understanding'?    Racism is wrong, what about that don't you get?
powerful words - D.C.:"'LONELY as God, and white as a winter moon, Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California.”–Opening line of “Unwritten History', 1873, by Joaquin Miller, former college student in Eugene’s Columbia College in the 1850s"  so how do you deface, defile and disrespect such a majestic place?
One, re me "not surprising to know you join Trump in supporting white supremacy, como." You actually said that? You have a heck of a lot of nerve.  Our President Trump does not, and never has supported  "white supremacy."   Where and why has anyone come up with such a ill-informed belief do you suppose? Because that is so false.   PS I like bronzes-I like visiting memorials. I would like to visit Robert E. Lee's-so these damaging people  destroyed something that belongs to ALL OF US, me included. How disrespectful, and how arrogant of them. Oh, and how criminal of them too.
Well I am a straight white male, so I am used to being told it is my fault.
It shows on my computer.  Sometimes there appears to be a delay.  Repeat:    Successes such as those of Dr. Benjamin Carson, General Colin Powell, or any successful black person, must be ignored by Charles because they do not match his racist views of permanent and total oppression by anyone who doesn't have his particular skin color. No doubt the appointment of the new Dean of the U of O Law School, who I see from her picture appears to be a black woman, is yet another example of the continuing oppression by those who are clinging to '1950's white privilege'.  His racism cannot be disturbed by facts.  His tombstone will read: "A Victim of 1950's White Privilege".
How did natives kill whales before white man came with guns? How do you quickly and humanely dispatch a whale?
Forget about the Catholic component. It's very clear that race is as important an issue in this election as gender. Whites by and large are going for Trump and non-whites are for Clinton. Men by and large and going for Trump and women for Clinton. Clearly, we've reached a moment in our history where we're retreating into our tribal bases. That's a very sad commentary on the state of a nation that was founded on the idea of disparate peoples coming together. That whole sense seems to be totally gone.   Republicans who defend Donald Trump talk a lot about "taking their country back." Implicit in that statement is taking it back from blacks, women (who've gotten too uppity), gays, Muslims, and immigrants - all the way back to a time when straight white men ruled the world and everyone else had to cow-tow to them. Well those days, thankfully, are never coming back.  This is the election in which empowered femininity will vanquish toxic masculinity and the U.S.A. will be much better for it.
Four of the New Black Panthers were charged with intimidation at a polling place in Philadelphia with plenty of pictures and video of them walking around Shouting racial insults at whites entering the polling place and one pointing a billy club at white voters and their assistants in a threatening manner. The Justice Department  started a criminal proceeding but dropped it with less than two weeks left in the Bush administration. Under the Obama administration, the Civil Rights Division began a civil case against the 4 under the Voting Rights Act. They were accused of wearing uniforms, racial insults and a weapon to intimidate voters and those who were there to assist them. Bartle Bull, a former civil rights attorney, submitted an affidavit stating that it was the worst case of voter intimidation he had ever seen. None of the defendants appeared in court, so the lawyers working the case expected a default guilty verdict. The pursuit of a default verdict, was overruled.
I suggest that to accuse me of making a cheap shot is itself a cheap shot.  When has there been, in the recent past, a feeling among whites in general, or even among a sizable minority of whites, that Black lives don't matter?
As for the comment about white people 'stealing' land - every square inch of God's green earth is currently occupied by a people who gained possession by the violent dispossession of the previous occupiers.  It has always been thus.
how do you know I'm white?
Based on the murdered victim's girlfriend's iPhone video, it looked like she was driving the car and the murdered victim was sitting in the passenger's seat.  I want to know why the white police officer was screaming orders at the passenger.   I'll bet the police officer has a jucy story of why he was on the passenger side of the car instead of the driver's  side.  And why was he shooting into the car when there were children in the back seat?  We already know the outcome of this case; innocent by virtue that it was a white police officer and guilty because the car's occupants were black.  Dats da way it's done in Texas.  Next.
In both cases, the issue is not what long-past history is being memorialized by the statue, but what use is being made of the statues by people who are politically active TODAY.  In both cases the statues were erected long after the "heroes" died, erected in recent decades by racists trying to stir up race-nationalist sentiment.  Today's Hawaiian activists are using the Lili'uokalani and Wilcox statues to rally support for a race-based government that would give racial supremacy to ethnic Hawaiians, just like the white nationalists are doing with the statues celebrating heroes of the Confederacy that gave racial supremacy to whites.  See analysis of the proposed Constitution for aa "Hawaiian nation" adopted in February 2016 and now being pushed by OHA. http://tinyurl.com/j4o2cdj
Is everybody allowed an ethnic identity? When white Americans start talking about it we're called racists and nazis.
You maintain a website and "do" publications?????  So do the white supremacists. Sorry, young one, education means that you know when what you are reading is fake or made up with a desire to and knowledge of how to find and interpret credible, truthful, factual information. There is truth and facts are not subject to opinion.  I don't believe everything I read since I am highly educated and not young or gullible - and I am a liberal who pays taxes and has for decades.  You assertion of  "corruption" of Hillary is a myth, fake, destructive news that you apparently believe so you fall into the trap of ignorance.  Like you said, you shouldn't believe everything you read and maybe you should go get that education, learn how to separate fact from fiction and be a better citizen and educated voter as a result.  Maybe you'll even turn into one of those civil, educated liberals (that you so despise), who are interested in the public good and that gives back to our country.
Yes, you already said that in times past, the white supremacists were Democrats; we all know that.  Now they're Republican.    This is from the wikipedia entry for white supremacist Richard B. Spencer:  "Spencer supported Donald Trump in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and called Trump's victory "the victory of will", a phrase echoing the title of Leni Riefenstahl's Triumph of the Will, a Nazi-era propaganda film. Upon Trump's appointment of Steve Bannon as chief White House strategist and senior counselor, Spencer said Bannon would be in "the best possible position" to influence policy"
Black job seekers are often turned away by U.S. companies on the assumption that they do drugs.    Applicants with white-sounding names get one callback per 10 resumes sent while those with African-American-sounding names get one callback per 15 resumes, according to a 2003 National Bureau of Economic Research report. “Based on our estimates,” the researchers wrote, “a White name yields as many more callbacks as an additional eight years of experience.”  African Americans are routinely under-treated for their pain compared with whites, according to research. They found that fully half of white medical students and residents thought at least one of the false statements presented was possibly, probably or definitely true.Moreover, those who held false beliefs often rated black patients' pain as lower than that of white patients and made less appropriate recommendations about how they should be treated.
The fact that some people in society are more "priviliged" then others is not a white or race issue. I have traveled around and worked in many countries. Go to countries like Saudi Arabia, UAE or China and see how they treat  (same colored) people who are lower in the food chain? Same applies to many countries in Africa. Stop making injustice among people an exclusive white issue.
Mike Miller - Yes, but only some people are allowed freedom of speech ... you know, the people with the right opinions. Everyone else ... well, the people with the right opinions are allowed to show up with clubs and chains and beat them into silence.  And, no, I don't support white supremacists either. I just believe that freedom of speech is too essential to a civil society to have it defined by a bunch of intolerant people who label anything they don't want to hear as "hate speech".
Silly me.... when their land catches fire, they will sit and wait for the white man to put it out. Until then, they will charge for access.  Natives, gets the best of both worlds. All the revenue, none of the expenses.
...and in important news Trump is tweeting about his hurt ego at being called a White Supremacist. I'm glad the (so called) leader of the free world is focusing on the important things.
After the Quebec shooting, I fear white men as well.
People misconstrue race and culture. Like it or not there is a distinctive flavor to the white culture as is there to the others be they carried on by blacks, hispanics, muslims, or others.    Unfortunately the liberal mantra that we are all the same is just a crock.  Its the ticket that gives creedence to those who are trying to flee the effects of cultures they abhor while at the same time demanding their culture be added to (or supercede ) the one they are "joining."    For a long time I've thought a ought to print up a bunch of bumper stickers that say "Diverity-the path to totalitarianism."   The more we keep heaping this "diversity" garbage on the Republic the faster she will continue to crumble under the weight of such insane BS.    When casting your vote in a few weeks please keep the Republic in mind....
Putting aside your apparent ignorance of the difference between Alex Jones/Neo-Fascist-style conspiracy theory and institutional analysis - I'm guessing you're referring to Peggy McIntosh. But you ignore or are apparently ignorant of W.E.B. DuBois's work on this concept going back to the 1930's. Not to mention what even Frederick Douglass had to say going back to the 1850's on the basic concept.   Either way, I get it. You dismiss racism is real and/or your notion of it is based on some spurious "let's just all get along" kind of colorblind liberalism. Oppressors ALWAYS need minions to keep their ideology alive - that's been true throughout human history - even before European imperialists right here in American invented the very notion of race. The irony of white privilege is that it victimizes poor/working-class whites in many cases almost as much as it does people of color - all the while many of them denying it's very existence.
The point rationale people are making is that this does nothing to stop or address terrorism.  This is just another in 45's gas-lighting of his 'base' and a way to feed their ignorance.  He would do well to pay attention to the home grown terrorists shooting up/burning down theatres, grade schools, and black churches, sikh temples, and mosques....those are generally white but apparently there's usually some mental health problems that 'cause' them to do it, everyone else is just 'evil'.  This is beyond disgraceful.  I suspect the majority of decent, rationale thinking Americans who didnt vote for him btw, must be so embarrassed.  There are people in this ban who risked their lives to help Americans fight their illegal war in Iraq and help their fight terrorism cause in other countries.  This is so reminiscent of the Jewish refugees who were refused entry only to be murdered in gas chambers.  When we forget history we are bound to repeat it.
Omar Mateen committed  the Orlando LGBT Pulse Dance Club massacre (killing 49 and wounding 50 more) while shouting Allahu Akbar, yet you  still managed to blame  Trump, white conservatives, and the NRA.   Even in the face of overt Islamic terrorism, you find a way to not see it. This narrative and all future episodes will all have the same plot,
Apparently, you didn't pay attention to the hateful rhetoric the kkk, Nazis and white "nationalists" were chanting when they were marching. Either that, or you don't care about it, and therefore are just as bad as they are. Sorry, but when deplorables are calling for the death of their fellow citizens, they need to be checked. In fact, david duke claimed victory for his side, so, you make the call.
My point was that as much as you dismiss Springsteen, or think that you should be able to give him input on his songwriting to have his songs better represent fast food workers, a tiny drop of piss dribbled out of him this morning that's more credible than you in the music industry. He was considered a talented up and coming artist in the early 1970's, he's made top ten records that covered un-coverable independent bands, he wrote for Patti Smith when you were in diapers.   Have some goddamn respect.   The reason you look like such a childish person right now is that you are trying to hand-wave away Springsteen's 40 year career as a well-respected, credible, honest, and down to Earth musician, and the only reasons you've given amount to "he's white, he's got a bunch of money, he doesn't write song about Subway, and he wears jeans". This is the guy that wrote Tougher Than the Rest, chump.   You know what Kane West would call you, Martin? A player hater. Don't hate, Cizzy, ameliorate.
This is really a disgusting tactic to use. You made a claim of dubious veracity, and then implied that anyone who might disagree with it is a "Nazi apologist". The Neo-Nazis, White Nationalists, and Alt-Right people may actually be fascists, but for the most part, they aren't actually violating anyone's rights at this point. They are marching, expressing their views, and showing their strength—concerning, but not illegal. Antifa has time and time again attacked non-violent demonstrators and destroyed property with the stated goal of silencing people they disagree with. They, and apparently you, have no problem labeling anyone who doesn't agree with you a "Nazi" or a "fascist", happily lumping in people from all over the political spectrum—thereby making them fair targets of your ire. Do you have any idea how irritating it is to be unjustly accused of being a "Nazi" or racist? You are pushing moderates towards fringe groups like the Alt-Right.
Is this a joke? This dude gets 300 grand to develop this plan, which seems quite "developed", yet hasn't even gone to the land owners for this?  Sounds like white man welfare on the back of Native personal property.  Look I'm all for helping those who have served, but I'm shocked (and not so shocked) that this has developed this far and he hasn't even talked to the land owners.   Good grief.
Evidently, you don't know the difference between a symbol, and what it stands for.   Nearly all of my family members have fought, been maimed, and died for generations of defending the freedoms and equality SYMBOLIZED by our flag. So by all means, feel free to follow Trump's lead in denigrating peaceful protestors, who use their public platform to reverently genuflect to call attention to an issue that needs to be addressed.   Pathetic you don't know the difference between a symbol and what it really stands for -- freedom and equality for all Americans, not just those born white. I'd hazard a guess that many of the "offended" don't stand at attention with their hands over their hearts while watching the games at home.
Pelosi was personally responsible for helping crush these people's free speech and foster violence against them. In the days leading up to this she made public statements knowingly lying  claiming they were white-supremacists and should be stopped from speaking. It is her hatred and incitement of violence along with the SF mayor and local SF reporters that helped rally the radical left of San Francisco to crush their speech. They succeeded, and even the peaceful group of minorities "Patriot Prayer". Yes, minorities, not even a single white male was to be a speaker, they fled to Berkeley while San Franciscans smear feces on their own park property and fought with police. When it was all over, San Franciscans cheered their victory in crushing the speech of minorities. Nancy Pelosi their champion.     Of course Berkeley "condemned" this violence too, and yet over and over police stand down, and politicians and the media LIE and foster hatred and violence. "Free speech ally"? No.
We have live ones in SA, too.  BLF, Manyi, JZ783 spring to mind.  Plus a whole wad of racists (black and white)  Many are simply sad misanthropes, former victims now turned to perpetrators.   Best thing is to empower our kids with the pre-internet bullying antidote that  "sticks and stones can hurt my bones but names* can never hurt me"  For JZ783, who deservedly feels inferior and contemptible: nor artworks or news items
but, but, but Hillary! Never saw that coming.  Meanwhile, hours after being forced to give a long-delayed denunciation of white supremacy (a literal no-brainer move for most), Trump retweeted a post from a man who invented pizzagate, tried to frame an innocent man for the Charlotteville attack, and publically associates with Richard Spencer (the most well known white supremacist in the country).  Obama denounced the violence in Dallas, which wasn't the fault of BLM. BLM denounced the shooter as well, & publically calls for nonviolent protest.   You're swimming in a sea of false equivalence, making excuses for the violent racists who infiltrated your party, and wondering why people are so upset when Trump winks at the Nazis on twitter while tepidly denouncing them in the midst of public pressure.
Jerry69 you are rationalizing Trump's self-serving rhetoric and actions are undermining our country and government functions. The bottom line of why some still support trump is because he has capitalized on the fear of some white people who believe they will be marginalized and replaced by the changing demographics of this country. Blaming it on liberal politics and institutions only give this fear and hate movement a socially acceptable group to hate when in fact it's just thin veneer to hide discrimination. By 2025 we will be a nation where no ethnic group will have a majority whether you are ready for it or not.
I am more concerned about the Latinos burning the American Flag while waving the Mexican flag in San Jose at a Trump rally. I want to know why the police allowed Bernie supporters to throw eggs and beat up a white woman in San Jose.  They did nothing.  I want to know why the Attorney General,   Loretta Lynch, did nothing or said nothing about this.  The Obama administration is racist to the core and that is a fact!
Worst Senator ever Cory and his fellow Republicans have been collecting their base salary of $174,000 plus benefits (including healthcare) huge office and travel budgets and yet after seven years since ACA was passed do not have a better solution.  Cory is on the old White man team of 13 Senators that are writing the repeal/replacement legislation but says he doesn't know details. If that's true, he's worse than I thought. He's been quoted as saying the feedback he gets is balanced between voting FOR or AGAINST Trumpcare - even though polls from across all political lines show Americans are AGAINST Trumpcare.  I sure hope Colorado voters fire Cory in 2020. An empty chair would do a better job and we wouldn't have to pay it.
this series the editorial writers refer to is based on a tainted study in the US that 1 in 5 female college students were raped on campus and the study was debunked in many quarters as a pack of lies and misinformation - so for the G&M to base their reporting on a tainted study that had political overtones to it come as no surprise - more fake news for the group who sees our laws as things they prefer to do without like due process innocence till proven guilty and other things that protect an innocent person from accusations that contain no substance - all cops bad bad bad all men (sorry my bad - all white men) bad bad bad bad - thanx for the distortion G&M and u wonder why everybody thinks ur part of the cabal of fake news
So what?   To the extent that white men are not voting for women or people as color because of their sex or ethnicity, it's not necessarily because of a hatred or unacceptance; in many cases it's because they recognize that a woman's decision-making or, say, a Jewish person's decision-making will likely be different based on their experiences with women and Jewish people.
Several reasons for in my opinion. And I say my opinion because this is my perception only. There is a transformation of our (western Europe and North America) economies from labour intensive manufacturing to a more knowledge based or service oriented ones. N.A. and Europe are still making things - probably more than ever - and exporting. However, that is being automated - requiring fewer and much more skilled labour.  Central Canada lost there labour intensive manufacturing industries right at the beginning of NAFTA and consequently has had more time to develop the skilled labour for industry's needs.    Alberta's labour force is predominantly labour in resource industry  or agriculture. Oil and gas has been hit very hard and is undergoing a transformation to less labour and more automation requiring a more educated work force. White men are now having to compete with  visible minorities and women for these jobs. White male hegemony is being disturbed and we are seeing the reaction.
The irrefutable fact remains that 70% of female aboriginal victims are killed, abused, raped and/or made to disappear by male aboriginals.    Not white serial killers, but men these women know: Husbands, lovers, boyfriends, acquaintances, relatives and members of the Indian reserve.
Why do these highly-skilled, industry-seasoned, best-of-breed American bed-making college students you speak of have to be "white"? Are you saying that African- and Asian- and Hispanic Americans are better suited for making the beds of people in Serbia and China? Or that white people won't work for 20 RMB/hour, but other colors will?
Oh, the irony. If I were black, I'd take issue with use of the terms 'our' and 'we' in the lead paragraphs, where the context had not yet been set.  The description should have been more appropriately described as 'the dominant people - white people, and black people'.
How in the world is this acceptable in your mind?  “I hope everyone has cameras on this black dude, working for his white master paying him a dollar. I think it’s the same black dude, so I hope we got cameras. This is to you, Mr. Brother, this Uncle Tom working for your white master. Sambo, Sambo—let’s talk about it."  The political process is about making allies not tearing people down. Let's be clear. This obsession these activists have with Uncle Ike's is the worst intersection of racialism and reefer madness. Let's be clear what "lowering rents" without rent control entails. It entails denying already poor communities quality businesses and living spaces. If people are having trouble finding jobs or transport to jobs because of their race it is a completely different problem than new development going up. Denying black communities new development an condemning them to poverty is not acceptable.  Also, I couldn't care less about churches. Especially if they are race based.
Abstract: Old wealthy white guy tells Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh peoples that if they knew what it was like to live from day to day, they would be more in favour of oil pipelines.
Marco:  What a sad, depressing tale you tell.  I have no reason to disbelieve you and accept your comments as representative of your experience.  I don't wish, and it's clear you don't wish either, to be punished for being white.  I'll accept criticism or condemnation even, for my actions if I harm others.  I tire of "white guilt" and being attacked and condemned simply for being white. We all need to stand together to oppose white supremacy/white nationalism and the racism they represent.  The comments and actions you describe alienate good people who would be allies in the battle against racism.. The attitude they represent is unfair and counterproductive.  It's a sad tale, but one which needed to be told.  Hopefully, your letter will be read by those who displayed that divisive attitude and they will reassess their view.  best regards to you.  Gary Crum
Let us all stipulate (Doesn't have to be true, it isn't the point.) that president Trump is a mad hatter, Congress is completely dysfunctional, the Supreme Court's decisions are only "correct" about 50% of the time, and the two major parties (democrats and republicans) are as close to myopic failures as any organizations can be without failing.  Next, let's marvel that the lights are on, the People are being paid, there are no gas lines, the rule of law prevails, there is no impending war that threatens the nation's existence, and life pretty much goes on as it has since 1946.  Again, as so often occurs in our nation's history, our military men and women arise to the occasion; "The winner is the faction of military men who control the National Security Council, the Department of Defense and now the White House staff."  Our Founders truly designed and implemented a governmental system that works, "A Machine That Would Go of Itself".
It's worse than that.  I saved a bunch of ADN posts of local white folks DEFENDING Ellis.  The same ones who angrily demanded summary execution for a young black man who was arrested because he was--WRONGLY, as it turns out--connected with a shooting over a skateboard or something.  He was at work.  I saved those, too.  A comparison of the posts pretty much speaks for itself.  I may post 'em in here as reminders of what the REAL nature of our "inclusive" society.
Which part of his statement are you referring to?  The only part of his original comment that is debatable is the reference to Trump's appeal to the undereducated.   The donor class of the GOP abandoned Trump early in the primary.  Trump would be the first to admit he has massive appeal from the undereducated whites in the flyover states, rust belt and the South.  "I love the poorly educated" D.T. Feb 24, 2016.  The primary numbers don't lie.  His strongest demographic was whites with a high school education or less.  Fact.  That's not were I want to hedge my bet when it comes time to choose who leads the country.  Fortunately I'm not too worried as there just isn't that many and he's going to get housed in the general.  He's kind of painted himself into a corner when he's got zero support from educated whites, Hispanics, Latinos, Asians, Natives and African Americans.
What a grand American tapestry of Maoists Mamas, Feel Good Feministas, High Society Socialists, Tattooed Multi-Gendered Undocumented Snowflakes, and Glass Ceiling Breakers marching to a militant, agitated beat while singing, "We are the world and we're not going to take it anymore." While I, in my old white man's costume, sitting, exhausted, watching their parade, wildly applaud their noble efforts, while saying a silent prayer that their crusade doesn't eventually lead to elder abuse and discrimination against my people.
Were you there? There's one photo that shows 3 white people, but the protest was about half people of color. Various ethnicities, various continents of origin, most of which have been impacted by colonialism. If your eyes haven't been opened yet as to the devastation caused by colonialism, please don't try to speak for or over those who can see it.  And if people want to take their time to protest something offensive in their community, who are you to say they should be protesting something else first? Go ahead and set your own priorities, thank you.
The GOP establishment, knowing that their agenda was not in the best interest of the vast majority of Americans and that some sort of mass deception would be necessary if the party was to win elections, set the stage for an opportunistic demagogue like Trump by appealing to the ignorance, bigotry, and fear of a significant segment of the electorate, namely less educated, less affluent white people, over a 50 year period. It began with Nixon's "Southern Strategy" to capitalize on the reaction of white southerners to the Civil Rights Act and racial unrest which successfully transformed the "Solid South" from democratic to republican. The creation of Fox News to disinform Americans by the millions on a daily basis to improve republican electoral prospects undermined traditional respect for facts and expertise. Then Trump came along with his phony populism and egomaniacal bluster, and the republican base fell for it - hook, line and sinker - and the GOP establishment lost control.
How about instead of white privilege, they teach majority privilege. Being white has nothing to do with it, as any white visitor to, for instance, Asia will quickly find out.
I'd like to have heard some of the content of the free speech group.   I can see they're all white, but that still doesn't tell me much.   Anybody know where to find a recording?know  I'm guessing the paper did not print content because they found the speeches inflammatory.    I'd like to hear for myself for no other reasons than trying to be sure I have facts, not just opinions.
Think a bit. Members of the Canadian Armed Forces have joined a white supremacist group and protested a group of First Nations people protesting a man who is a war criminal and who advocated and financed attempted genocide. Yes, definitely newsworthy. If the G&M did not cover it I would cancel my subscription.
Pt. 2 By 1965, there was a decisive shift in Catholic attitudes and presence in the struggle for racial justice.  In response to Martin Luther King, Jr.'s summons for the nation's religious leaders to come to Selma, Alabama, the response from white priests and sisters was "enormous".  Despite the opposition from the Local Bishops, "priests from fifty different dioceses, sisters and laity flocked to Alabama."  But for the most part, American bishops were passive and tepid in their responses then and sadly, now. -------------------------------------- Cyprian Davis, THE HISTORY OF BLACK CATHOLICS IN THE UNITED STATES [New York: Crossroads, 1990] John T. McGreevy, PARISH BOUNDARIES: THE CATHOLIC ENCOUNTER WITH RACE IN THE TWENTIETH-CENTURY URBAN NORTH [Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1996] Charles Marsh GOD'S LONG SUMMER: STORIES OF FAITH AND CIVIL RIGHTS [Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2008]
Is that why ISIS uses little hands speeches? Because Hillary?  Liberals don't hate white people. Wanting everyone to be treated equally doesn't equate to hate. That would be people who hate to see their privilege go away.
No they are not equivalent. You are an apologist for these white supremacists and therefore a supporter.  Yep, tRump IS making Americans gr..hate and you are a supporter bringing this out of the shadows, endorsing it.  Trying to deflect or claiming false equivalence as you have is in fact an endorsement of these reprehensible people, their vile beliefs and actions.  I have read your posts before and this applies to you... just a good old boy says it all.  White too?
I like how racist people sit behind their computer and rant about how a black person is not doing their job. Obviously she was qualified to do the job but since racism still exist she gets the backlash.  It's amazing how some of you want to say it's about her suing but if anyone of you were wrongfully done you'd do the same thing but since you're white it's okay?  Get outta here with that.  If I had a law suit going I'd ask people I know to recommend someone...wouldn't you. So yes it might be the same lawyer.  I just read all these comments and can feel the hatred and bigotry jumping off the page.  That same hatred you're grandparents and parents taught you.  You are not better just different. Get over yourselves...please.  I am almost ready to write Al Sharpton and the whole NAACP and get them involved. Shake Oregon up a bit!
When Trump refused to call out Nazis and white supremacists even after a domestic terrorist killed one woman and maimed more in Charlottesville, Virginia—and then averred that “very fine people” were marching under Confederate flags—the extremists recognized the signal. When, only a week later, he pardoned Joe Arpaio—a man whom white supremacists had made a cause célèbre—they saw him in their corner again. When Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the administration was bringing the hammer down on the DACA program, he cited two lies popular among far-right nativists: That “Dreamers” take jobs away from Americans, and that the program prompted the surge in unaccompanied child immigrants (who, for the record, are not eligible for DACA status).
Now I know you're not being disingenuous. You're actually making things up. The Oxford, Merriam-Webster, Vocabulary.com, and Cambridge dictionaries all refer to apartheid via the specific example of South Africa. Merriam-Webster: "racial segregation; specifically a former policy of segregation and political and economic discrimination against non-European groups in the Republic of South Africa." And if you're willing to broaden your mind past a one sentence definition, you can consult Wikipedia for how the system was administered by a white minority over a black majority in that country.   Discrimination of one form or another exists in every nation. You complain that Sharia law discriminates against homosexuals. So does the law in the USA, and until very recently Canada. Does that mean that the US is an apartheid state? No. Homosexuals in the US aren't segregated or politically discriminated against. They are however discriminated against by the state in other ways.
Yes that is all fine, but the lack of skilled workers in this country is threatening our economic growth. There is no lack of college graduates. It is also becoming apparent that about 40 percent of college graduates do not have the critical thinking skills to even obtain a white collar job. Hence they find themselves at Mcdonalds wanting a living wage. Young  adults are being sold on the fallacy that everyone needs a college education. More time needs to be spent on these kids in high school figuring out what direction they should go and helping the ones that would benefit from a different path figure it out. I hope we do not chain the American workers of the future to questions like "would you like to big size that". I am certainly not under the delusion of any particular stereotype, I come to you with with a GED, college math/english, two trades and a whole lot of real world experience.  Best Regards
The Trump Campaign has just named a prominent white nationalist as a delegate in California.  http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/05/donald-trump-white-nationalist-afp-delegate-california  https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/individual/william-daniel-johnson
What does that have to do with anything?  Obama didn't choose his  identity. You guys can't even agree whether  Obama is  half a black man or  half a white man.  How about this?  Obama is   'a man'  who 'was' President.  Period!   His policies  were divisive.
Sure got that right. My slave keeps this house running but unfortunately I lost one when he looked sideways at a White woman and a mob of White guys lynched him.  Sad
There are thousands more like us. Maybe tens of thousands. I know. I have been to the villages, grew up in one, no two, no, three including Nome where I first saw a sign that said No Eskimos and Dogs Allowed. I have many, many, Native friends, relatives, and cousins, etc. I do not claim to be an expert at white folks although I have lived and worked in many, many, big cities across the country from the East Coast to the West Coast. And lived here in Anchorage since 1957. I know bigotry and racism like the palm of my hand, and learned it all here in Alaska. This is a backward state. Again, I say, only bigots and racists see us in a bad light. I can brag about my family some more because I have fantastic children, grand kids, and great-great grandkids who will surpass my achievements.
When everything is in favor of whites going on, then why & on what facts Whitemedia blaming Zuma & Guptas.
Reality is, it's not restricted to mosque goers.  If in doubt, just look across the Atlantic to people like Dylann Roof, Robert Lewis Dear (the Planned Parenthood shooter), Alexandre Bissonnette (the white supremacist Trump supporter that shot up the mosque in Montreal) and so forth.
The idea that indigenous people are 'stewards of the earth' began as a white man's romantic myth. The only reason indigenous people did not routinely despoil the earth was their small populations. Everywhere that they had sizeable populations, they caused the same environmental destruction.
You also have a fake name. Very christian of you of course. Why not just get a white sheet on and a white pillow case with eye holes cut out.
LOL! Even table 3 proves I'm right. You just can't bring yourself to admit to the fact that whites commit more murders.
"Khan was threatened with sanctions over a profane social media post that criticized white fragility " That statement implies that the Globe thinks there is such a thing as "white fragility" which is absurd. A version that would have been more accurate would be: "Khan was threatened with sanctions over a profane social media post that criticized what she claimed was 'white fragility' "
What is the goal of the commission--to find the real aboriginal killers or blame whites ?
People who are in the US legally are not only Caucasians.  Do you think everyone who is not white is an immigrant?  Exactly which jobs here in Alaska will no one but immigrants do?  Just because someone does not want ILLEGAL immigration does not make them hateful complainers.  Also, if immigrants do commit crimes just to build a better life then what does your last sentence mean?
This country has never lived up to it's professed ideals in the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. It started with a bunch of white slave owners declaring freedom. The GOP has been recruiting racists and religious bigots since the 1960's. Of course, their base never admit it. They never take responsibility for their choices when it is much easier to just blame those not like them for their troubles. This works for the GOP elites that are laughing at their base on their way to their off shore banks. Their base want the white privilege they claim doesn't exist. The election of Obama was an insult to their since of reality. He was never suppose to exist. Then he started caring about merit and equality. Those are demotions for poorly educated white folks. Americans have always been willing to kill to get their way. That is why they have no problem with the police killing blacks unnecessarily. They are also okay with poisoning the children in Flint. So much for being pro life.
And that is a mid twentieth century phenomena, when liberalism took hold.. There was little Italy, Chinatown, etc in most cities in North America.   In the US, there are very clear white, black and Hispanic areas. Schools today are as segregated as they were 50 years ago. The so-called no go zones of Europe exist in the USA too, except they are much more heavily armed than the European no-go zones. And the police are a lot more trigger happy in the no go zones.
I wasn’t terribly surprised when it was reported a few weeks ago that Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore is tied to the ‘League of the South’, the pro-Southern secession/slavery apologism group that wants to lead the South in a second rebellion against the federal government in order to found a ‘white Christian republic.’ But I confess I was a bit surprised that Rep. Marsha Blackburn, who is currently the leading Republican candidate to succeed Sen. Bob Corker, does too. In 2004, Blackburn invited the Rev. David O. Jones, a neo-Confederate, secessionist and slavery apologist, to give the opening prayer in the House. And that happened and went largely unreported! http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/marsha-blackburn-brought-neo-confederate-secessionist-to-deliver-prayer-to-congress
The vast majority of white folks have no idea how much apologizing they need to do. Most of you don't know your own history, much less any other history. Most  black folks would settle for some honesty from you. Most of you seem incapable of that kind of honesty. Ignorance is bliss if you are white. That kind of ignorance gets black people killed. Demanding justice is life threatening if you are black in this country.
Doesn't matter about trump not serving,bill Clinton dodged the draft but is held up as a great president,that is invalid not a lot of presidents served but are patriotic,my point about kaepernick is he was abandoned by his black parents and adopted by white people who loved and nurtured him,and now he begins a protest,which nobody has a problem with just the manner to do it in,yes the USA have done stuff that were wrong,but have stopped it,problems will exists that need to be addressed,the method was wrong and offended a lot of people by it,he offended a lot of black people also,see the comments by Jim brown and others,there is a time and place he picked the wrong one,with his pig socks and Che tshirt,kind of think he has been brainwashed,by his Muslim girlfriend,who knows,the protests will not get anywhere just finger pointing.
Then when I complained to The Ontario human rights commission, first the Commission coerced me into testifying my thoughts to the Commission, assuring me under law nothing in my testimony could be used against me, then Commission officer Alan Strojin solicited my thoughts as to “what are you going to do now?” when telling me over the phone that the Commission would dismiss my case on basis of an Expert’s Opinion by a White professor, James Cahill of U of Berkeley, and then when I desperately cried and ranted on phone that “if they are going to kill me, not only me die”, they charged me for this testimony for "threatening Waterhouse".
Clarence Thomas is also "too white" for mainstream America...
If only T Rump would spend more time on calling out the REAL threat to the USA - all-American, ultra right wing, home grown white-boy terrorists.  OOPS, I forgot; they are his base, so his silence is understandable.
this is just a terrible experience.  This country accepts female sounding name for a visibly male white person and vice versa, but not a foreign sounding name?
I wish I could provide emphasis in my posts, because I thought the author of the article understood exactly what such a high percentage of European DNA means. " In general, the numbers seem to agree with what one would expect given the history of American colonization by Europeans and their interactions with African and Native Americans." I.e., genocide, slavery and oppression.  Underneath the civil rights progress that has been made since the 1960s, white Americans appear to prefer to form their most significant relationships with other white Americans exclusively, even now.  I can't wrap my head around it, but I can see it and have been able to for a long time.
You have a point, but please don't lump all whites together.  While it is true many people don't like facts because they are inconvenient, you can't know who does and who doesn't.  If non-whites presume to know what whites are thinking, how is that any better than racial profiling by whites?  I am 'white' with bits of many other races mixed in.   Meeting a Black or Latino or Asian and being unable to have a real conversation with them without the 'race thing' getting in the way is neither comfortable nor productive.
And I could say almost the exact same thing when "Catholics" overwhelmingly supported pro-abortion candidates for office.  It didn't bother them that the candidate supported outright murder, so why should a racist candidate bother the Catholics who voted for Trump?   Murder and racism are equally deplorable are they not?  No matter who you voted for you were voting for people who support deplorable things.  If I voted for Hilary, I am supporting murder of the unborn.  If I vote for Trump, I arguably support a racist candidate.    What I don't understand is why abortion does not bother people as much as racism does--especially given that African American children are aborted at a much higher percentage than white children.
Wait, wait...oh, please tell me this Neanderthal, knuckle-dragging comment is a joke here in 2016... except you are probably serious... maybe you could take your opinion to some alternate universe where you white males will be the only inhabitants...'course, you all won't be there too long unless you can reproduce by asexual reproduction...but at least you'll be happy while you are!
Nunes clearly stated that Trump was NOT wire tapped. He was recorded as part of "incidental collection" when he spoke to someone who was the target of a FISA approved national security wiretap.
For the slower amongst us, MEN are the problem. I witnessed a fight at a restaurant on a sunny Sunday afternoon, in full view of one of the participants kids...two white guys, late 20s, early 30s.   Maybe white dudes should get their crap together before protesting anyone else.
So APD's policy now is "If you are white and refuse to comply with instructions from a police officer, we won't arrest you for being Drunk in Possession of a Firearm or a Felon in Possession of a firearm." I wonder what other crimes they will decide are not important enough to arrest people for?. DUI ? Driving with a suspended license ? Reckless Driving?  How about minor in possession? Or open container? Those are all just violations of minor traffic laws, what does it matter ? Right ? What about theft or burglary? Just property crimes. Selling drugs ? Prostitution ? Pimping ? Discharging a firearm in the city limits ? Keeping a vicious dog ? So, Sheri what laws are important enough to enforce today in your neighborhood? Probably not the same ones that are worth enforcing in mine.
Her profile - "a daughter of the Vote":  "Lianna is an Inuk from Labrador. She is passionate about the well being of Indigenous and non-Indigenous youth of Labrador, mental health and suicide prevention, and the environment. As the Aboriginal Youth Director at the Labrador Friendship Centre, Lianna is very involved with youth initiatives in Upper Lake Melville. She feels strongly that mental wellness and suicide prevention for all ages can be achieved in many ways, including through cultural continuity.  Lianna identifies as an environmentalist and has had the opportunity to work on several environmental research projects."   Good causes, and all.  I guess Lianna has no problem being funded by taxes paid by 'white men'.
Any time a white guy is accused of a crime, this comment section is crickets. Any time a Latino or African American is accused of a crime, the comments are full of the usual suspects squawking about citizenship, baggy pants, and all sorts of ancillary issues.   White people are seen as individuals in this country and black and brown people are seen as a monolith. We see evidence of this every day. This is one manifestation of structural white supremacy that many people aren't even aware they help perpetuate.
The majority of "White" Americans are truly Americans. They get put down everyday by The Liberal Democrats playing the RACE Card and take it in the arse. Any minority group be up in arms hearing racists remarks li dat. If I was a "White guy" the Racists Democrats would turn me into a White Supremist
Ramaphosa dealing against Blacks & working in favour of Whites as per his promise to WMC to get help in elections from Rupert.
Oh, yes?  So what do you think of the t-shirts worn by some of the Charlottesville supremacists, the ones that read: "White Lives Matter More"?  For that is the essence of the BLM movement, of course.
The generic "response from the military attaché saying it’s important for us to remember the sacrifices that were made in the Battle of Okinawa" actually says quite a lot by the US military: 1. Only US military sacrifices matter- not civilians who made the bulk of casualties, including almost 1 in 3 indigenous Okinawans that perished caught between Imperialist competition for "territories," nor Imperial Japan military who mutually sacrificed Okinawa, leading to: 2. The US military is stuck in past wars referring to WWII- the war never ended in Ryukyu, but rather keeps expanding and occupying Uchinanchu against their democratic will and public safety, into its seventh decades of military occupation (not including Japanese military occupation which is even longer). Like white supremacy, military supremacy, a.k.a. militarism, doesnʻt respect that "Okinawan lives matter," no matter if its US, Japanese, Chinese, N. Korea, etc militarism; Okinawans value life more than we fear your enemies.
I didn't say you "conceded" that anti-white racism is prominent in BLM.  Of course you would not expressly concede that.  Indeed, BLM thinks it's impossible for a black to be racist toward whites.  That's how delusional they are.  And you yourself say that in recent times, American whites, in general, have thought black lives don't matter.  BLM says this persists even today.  That's racist.
Trudeau,  Liberal  and the media simply call white Canadians racist  and wash their hand s of any responsible for the bite marks .
I was impressed that the Federal Prosecutor would take on the white house over their phony claims, and the way they released tens of thousands based on the Obama doctrine of blacks being persecuted for crimes by the white privileged class. The other DOJ figure I found enlightening was that 85% of the crimes against white victims are by Black and Hispanic  criminals. The only protection the prosecutor who outed the administration is he heads the Federal Prosecutor Association and has a bit of legal protection from harassment, or termination.
One thing you said was correct.  The victims are indeed overlooked.  Such as the murders of five Muslims while praying in their Masjid in Montreal.  And overlooking that by all indications this is the work of white supremacist and/or neo-Nazi types (several of whom comment on these pages).  Similarly, the Muslims who who have come forward in solidarity, and raised funds to help restore the damage to Jewish grave sites are overlooked by those--also posting in here--who have falsely accused us of this despicable campaign.  Destruction of synagogues is expressly prohibited in Qur'an.
This is not past but current racial injustice ongoing today, in Canada: A story that I, a person of color ended up in jail for my free speech challenging White supremacy. A White professor had the free speech to tell me in class that beauty is a European concept, and Asians did not have such a concept in history, so we need a “biological approach” in art history study. But I did not have the free speech to answer him that we Asians did have the concept of beauty in history, because when I did so I had to pay the price of my whole life. First the professor (David Waterhouse of U of Toronto) mocked me saying “China has been far left behind history, yet some Chinese people are still very keen to claim historical inventions…”, second he retaliated me with fraud over my grade and student record that failed my Ph.D application. (To becntinued)
Assume on day one that 30% of the shares are black owned.  Then assume on day two that the blacks sold their shares to a white owned firm.  Would the new white owner be oblige to turn over 30% to black owners?  Race based law can be tricky.
This has been your line all along, and it's nothing more than liberal-bashing. By the way, it's not just liberals who find disturbing the parallels between Trump's white supremacist politics and the rise of fascism; survivors of the Holocaust have likewise voiced alarm. Sure, your grasp of history supersedes that of the progressive commentariat. Comedy.  The dominant media narrative has certainly not been that Trump is a fascist. On the contrary, until Trump's self-destructive rampage since the first debate, the major media engaged in just the kind of leveling you've consistently offered, as if there was any kind of parity between an ignorant demagogue and a serious contender for the presidency.  It's nice you're so sanguine about Trump's delirious supporters. Let's hope you're right about that, at least.
Actually Roof was just another liberal, that is until he started reading up on all the Black-on-white murders happening all over the USA. You know, the ones that don't fit the liberal narrative? That was about the time he lost his freaking mind (cognitive dissonance). I never read anywhere that he was linked with any racist groups, other than being a loyal Democrat voter (according to his voting registration which I briefly viewed after his murder spree). So Mr. DR was nothing more than the Sandy Hook a-hole, which is a liberal Democrat, whose mental defects caught up with him and compelled him to act out violently. Of course the same goes for all of the school shooters, and most murderers. Yep! Our penal systems are simply overflowing with Democrats, which explains why the liberal government of NC worked so hard to restore voting rights to felons before the last election.
$100,000,000/year  sure isn't worth exploiting a national refuge. I've been up around there numerous times. If you can get past the hordes of mosquitoes (which bring in the billions of birds from around the world) it's a beautiful place. Not the white sheet of paper that Uncle Ted said it was.
Way to be tolerant and inclusive, Pride.  While Toronto’s Finest is a bit of a stretch on the second word, the actions of BLM at last year’s parade were nothing short of deplorable.  Given the choice between the two organizations I know which I would pick.  There are police officers that are intolerant of sexuality, those that exercise racial profiling, and those that are corrupt.  But these are anomalies that don’t represent the force as a whole.  BLM has been actively preaching intolerance since inception.  It doesn’t matter if racism comes from black, white, green, or purple.  Judging people based on skin tone or country of origin is still racism whether you have been picked on for 200 years or recently became a target for pent up frustration.  All people matter, and they all matter equally.  Dumping on white men won’t fix years of systemic discrimination and is just as reprehensible as whites dumping on blacks, English dumping on Irish, or Canadians interning Japanese..
I guess while we're at it, we're also supposed to ignore his dangerous war-mongering tweets, his refusal to address the rise of white nationalism, his historic rate of losing administration members, his gutting of federal agencies, his unstable habit of picking fights with celebrities, his efforts to detabilize businesses and industries that don't explicitly support him (like the NFL and the insurance industry), his remarkable lack of interest in helping entire regions  in distress (like Puerto Rico and Northern California), his dangerous comments regarding the first amendment, his rejection of almost universally accepted science, and his bizarre actions that have led to the alienation of our historic allies.  By all means, let's ignore all that and praise him for questionable projected results of policies he hasn't even written yet, much less passed. Yeah, that's entirely reasonable.
I think the interweaving of nationalism and sports makes sense because essentially sports are just tribalism but we should recognize that it is a pattern of brainwashing that's helping indoctrinate what seems to be a suceptible part of the populace. The government pays teams to host military appreciation days and if you don't see the insidious nature of that, then that's concerning. I am a season ticket holder to the NHL and every single game, they trot out a couple members of the military for an ovation. As others have said, politics are heavily woven into the fabric of sports already and so many people are having a problem with this issue because it's not there politics. The States has a white billionaire president who ran on a platform based entirely on the country being broken but when these black millionaire athletes say the same, they are called entitled and told to be grateful for what they have. Proper discourse and respect are severely lacking and I dont think we'll find it.
As we all know whites are trying hard to secure it and rule on Africa.
Correct, it is all or nothing, black and white, certain and solidified.  The church has and always has had all of the answers, as is evidenced by the lives of the bishops and popes who lead the church.  And yes, those who leave, the "nones" are doomed for eternity.  Jesus said, the Roman Catholic Church is the way and the truth and none come to the Father except through the mediation of duly appointed Roman Catholic Clergy.   This places a great burden on those of us who know the church has all the answers, as we must make sure that we pass that knowledge on to all we know, family in particular.  Imagine knowing a family member has left the church and is thus riding the hot rails to eternal punishment.
Lived in a mining area for years....what about you...did you know there are naturally white Natives too?
Trump is not anti-political.  His words condemning all violent extremism are exactly what the editors say here.  Trump was right in what he said including that there are good people on both sides of the statue removal issue.  It was the left, who excused left wing violence, who were wrong.  I don't believe for one second that Trump believes wannabe Nazis and white supremacists are an crucial or even marginally significant portion of his voter base.  One reason for this is simple:  The total number of these weirdos is extremely small probably numbering in the thousands in a country of 350,000,000.  No it is only the leftist media who count on its readers to ignore numbers and go with emotion who push the notion that Trump bows to right wing extremists.  Trump should speak about truth and has a right to because the biased media lies constantly about him and spins what he does say in the direction they wish the narrative to go.
History doesn't repeat exactly, but it sometimes comes close. I’m old enough to remember the arguments for and against allowing women to join the military, and the arguments for and against the military having equal opportunity for black and white.
This article is the beginning, the tip of the xenophobic iceberg Mr Singh will have to face that slowly reveals itself the closer he gets to the office of Prime Minister. You know what you're doing, you know the latent fears and prejudices you're stoking under the guise of journalism. Mr. Singh's religious beliefs have exactly ZERO bearing on his ability to do the job of PM, just as it doesn't for the countless white Christian candidates who have held and sought to hold the office of PM. Believing otherwise is as Un-Canadian as it gets.
Trump works very hard never to directly criticize Putin or white supremacists.
And let's not forget we are only a few months into Trump's presidency.   As his supporters desert him, his only allies left are the white supremacists.
There is violence against white men everyday in family court.
I dunno yet only around 6 months ago Disney had to pull the Moana costumes off the distribution chain because people complained that the skin tone was TOO DARK and it stereotyped Polynesians.  Now this character in a MOVIE is "too white?"  What is wrong with people?  Its ENTERTAINMENT.
It isn't a white privilege hipster notion to correct ignorance within a community. The same people that are protesting this are at city hall meeting protesting what needs to be protesting. Calling out this ignorant restaurant owner and also working to solve local problems of exploitation and bigotry are NOT mutually exclusive, and you probably know that don't you? Please don't demean ANY efforts towards making things right in the North Portland community. Every bit counts, and YOU aren't helping any cause by your comment.
Why is it OK to promote bias against white people?
Your statements are just as flawed as Huckabee's. The fact is a much higher % of black men commit felonies and violent crimes than white men. Because of that, any cope whether white or black will find themselves in potential shooting situations at a much higher rate (compared to % of population) with a black man than a white man. It isn't the total population but the % of violent criminals that matters.
' …Oh wait, Woman for Trump  (….wait, did you just say, 'as us … white supremacists'? …hmmm, puts things in a new light.)   Are you thinking you're the spokesperson for all Women for Trump,    …or are you, in reality, (as you say), really the actual spokesperson for WomenforTrump?    . I'll have to go to their website.    Oh, …looks like there are women who aren't for Trump.   A lot of them.  Millions.  The google is full of women who aren't for Trump.  And they are rising up according to Time magazine.  .
Not to sound flippant, but I have been in the drilling end over 40 years. I have slept in my truck on location, worked and lived on junk pile jack- ups and 5 star drillships all around the world. I find the background noise soothing, like a white noise machine a snowflake would buy at Bed Bath and Beyond.
U.S. Department of Agriculture data from 2013, which administers welfare, 40.2 percent of SNAP recipients are white, 25.7 percent are Black, 10.3 percent are Hispanic, 2.1 percent are Asian and 1.2 percent are Native American.  Must be all of those "we won with the poorly educated, I love the poorly educated" white folks that tRump has in his corner.
They said become like us. I am what the missionaries and white folks produced. Congratulations.
He was accused of pointing the pistol that was in his waistband, so quite the contortionist was he. He was accused of issuing a racial slur. Accused, therefore arrested. His white privilege got him two days in jail, a $7,000 bond, the expense of hiring an attorney and also a private investigator, the loss of his job and home, and immediate public scorn as a perceived racist. The DA determined the accusations were hogwash when evidence was presented that she exerted no effort to discover herself. So, he shares responsibility for what? His own false arrest?
Again, an NCR forum member calling half the nation "racists white supremacists."  This reflects very poorly on NCR and liberal Catholicism.
Back in 2008, I moved comfortably between my identity as a white-ish mutt Alaskan-American married to another white mutt Alaskan-American and my Native American identity. I was a mutt American out in the world and a Native American on the Res or, if I chose to be, among Alaska Natives. But the election of Barack Obama changed that. Suddenly, I felt a lot of pressure to pick a "tribe". I wasn't alone. Anyone who resists that zeitgeist is accused of self-hatred and trying to pass rather than seeking reconciliation.  Meanwhile, in the last eight years, there has been an unremitting drum beat that "whites are less-than." They have "privilege". They are blessed simply by the color of their skin. Forget that the white working class are the ones who have struggled the most in this recession. Push them down so other ethnics can climb up.  That rhetoric coming from the White House fed this tribalism. Will it stop now? We're talking about it again, so there's hope.
100% Spot on.  The fake news of the Leftist media -which is itself fake news- has shown how far gone these corrupt and inept organizations have become.  The Left's and Media's portrayal of Brexit, Alt-Right, Trump, and Conservatives being all a bunch of white nationalistic racists and misogynists was the biggest lie of 2016, and they paid the price. The Russian hacks- if true- did absolutely ZERO to affect the outcome and clear winner, President-Elect Trump. . What die-hard partisans like Ol' Roy chooses to ignore is that Democrats have been losing power and Congressional seats since 2008.  Running on keeping and growing business works in winning elections- running on men peeing in women's bathrooms and Black Lives Matter do not- no matter how much lying Leftist media outlets portray it s such.
"I wish we had performances rated on--performance. Not color, not gender identity-but performance only."  If we did that as a country, there would be a lot of over-privileged white guys on the unemployment line.
Blaming victims is an old habit here in Alaska, especially if they’re non-white. It’s the same habit that has led to the 20-30 unsolved murders of Alaska Native women that has continued to stain the Anchorage landscape for the past 30-40 years. It’s their own fault. That in and of itself is pure racism.
That's part of it, but not all by any means--and the two factors are indeed connected.  Truth is It also pays to be "white"--particularly in Alaskan courts. I've demonstrated it repeatedly from several examples posted herein to the silent chagrin of those suffering from wet feet and visions of pyramids dancing in their heads--i.e. the 'melanistically-challenged' who are deep in deNile.  See?  I can be "PC" too!  However the late, great Richard Pryor put it most succinctly: "They give ni@@uz time like it's LUNCH down there (the courts)! You go down there looking for justice; that's what you find: just us."
OK, an off white supremacist bigot. Beige perhaps?
caused by  white folks
I guess you just write responses for no actual purpose.  I'll bite one last time, what is whitelash and how does it concern me or my actions simply because I am a white male?  I hold no guilt or fear period.  How about you?
Until now the 2 largest massacres were Pulse (son of Afghan immigrant) and VA Tech (male South Korean immigrant). "Almost all exclusively", which most would define as close to 100% is not proven - relatively simple to find at least 5 mass shootings are by non-white males killing over 100. Almost all males is accurate, but ethnicity includes more than white males. Mass murder is not the exclusive or even "nearly" exclusive domain of white people. Given that the last Census showed the country to be about 72% white it would make sense that the majority of crimes of any kind would be committed by mostly white people. But claiming a class of crime is "almost exclusively" white perpetrators isn't proven by his statement or my list of non-white perpetrators which is by no means exhaustive.
The typical geriatric bitter white male (fox viewer) whose world peaked in high school can now go back to fantasizing about Phyllis Schlafly and Margaret Thatcher.  NBC stole the only dignified person on the network.   Fox viewers have no idea what happened to Roger Ailes.  They were always confused by Ailes anyway, thinking that Alfred Hitchcock supposedly died years ago?  Only a few weeks to go right?
Yeah, but JFK, not his father, didn't accept laundered money from Russia, never put contractors out of business because he didn't pay his bills, wasn't a racist, and on and on and on.  The "whataboutism" is so very childish, but what else can I expect from a white-wing male supremacist.  Again, BLOTUS is a very, very bad man.
Like Tim Tebrow , Kapernick is a Christian activist. Go for the obvious , white Tebrow is a national hero and black Kapetnick needs to learn his place on the plantation.
Sounds like an often repeated 'sound bite" to me, SCBAR.  Can you post any examples from his campaign speeches where Trump "fanned the flames of white supremacy?"  He was very strong on illegal immigration, but that is not to protect "whites," it is to protect "Americans."  People who are trying to attribute a "racist" element to this via the President are simply wrong and frankly, unfair.  Obama did more to divide this country than any recent President has done, but in fairness, Presidents are not supposed to run all the little nuts and bolts of the U.S. because State's rights still prevail!  So, the state is the one who is ultimately responsible!
It's directed toward whites in general, and the direct implication is that whites in general need to be reminded that Black lives matter.  What an insulting accusation against the white race now in the year 2017.  This isn't Selma 1965.  It isn't Little Rock 1957.  We're not in a pre-Brown v. Board of Education world.  We're in a 2017 world where the law actually allows a university to give an applicant extra points in the application process simply for having black skin.  A world where "race-norming" gives a job applicant extra points just for being Black.  To accuse white America of needing a reminder that Black lives matter is worse than insulting.  It's racist.  It's an accusation that in general, whites don't already know that Black lives matter.
Ok, we can talk about "islamophobia", white supremacy and far-right terrorism...right after we talk about why followers of islam are seemingly predisposed to terrorism.  Fat chance this comment will get approved....but we'll see.
"When did the Russians invade Ukraine??" Black is white, the sky is solid and earth is a vapour, right? Stop, okay. Putin admitted it.
Michelle lamented the “hurtful, hateful language about women” throughout the campaign, saying it was “painful” to those who expected leaders should meet “basic standards of human decency.” Her voice quivered as she recalled a meeting with young women at the White House on Tuesday. “I told them they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect,” Obama said. “I wanted them to understand that the measure of any society is how it treats women and girls.”  I wonder if she invited them to the rap concerts at the WH???  https://www.musixmatch.com/lyrics/Filthy-Frank/Bitches-Ain-t-Sht
Another MAGAphant lapdog who has been convinced by Fox News that they are pure and every other press outlet is evil.  You guys crack me up.  The best thing is how the press (Fox) gets you overweight white males all riled up and they would have you believe that it's the liberals that have a problem.  You guys are so easily manipulated, but Fox has you believe that you are independent thinkers.  You like RTH represent the small brain, ill-informed crowd that give us liberals a good chuckle with every one of your posts.  BTW, I love that you think DT can be childish.  More like infantile.  I actually don't know any children as immature as our liar-in-chief.  But please, please, please, keep posting so you can join RTH, Pocho and the rest of MAGAphants giving us all our daily laugh
Agree 100%.  The only question is whether Trump will be pushing his own agenda. With the Nationalists gone from the White House will Trump become more of a moderate?
According to McClatchy News, the FBI’s Russian-influence probe agents are exploring whether far-right news operations, including the pro-Donald Trump sites Breitbart News and Infowars, “took any actions to assist Russia’s operatives.”    Trump’s ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn and his son, a member of the Trump transition team, were among those who boosted the so-called “PizzaGate” pedophile conspiracy theory.  http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/white-house/article139695453.html
The more threatened the powers that be feel, the more oppressive they will become. Within the next 20 years whites will become a minority in America, and they will be at the beginning of the end of their reign ... the Union of South Africa's apartheid history comes to mind. You think that it's ugly now?
Talking about past injustice makes Canada sounds remorseful, remorse makes Canada appear different now from its past...? But the truth is the same injustice and same racism is still ONGOING in Canada, the government, joined with the media, just simply covered it up. This is exactly what happened to me. Today, the Canadian government can make me a criminal of thought only because I challenged a White supremacy theory at U of Toronto, tomorrow when there is a large scaled ethnic conflict as perceived by the White population, what can the government do to the minorities, one can imagine...
You are who you are based on your words.  Obfuscate all you want, the intent is the same.  The whale incident is only one and only in your words.  The guides were tried and convicted of multiple violations in court.  The violations were significant in a pattern of game slaughter for profit which were likely years of the same before caught.  Any other violations by anyone are for the law enforcement system, run by whites, to be addressed for anyone in the same situation.  Your racist ranting is unlikely to change it.
White voters make up over 80% of the population. That is who the Conservatives need to target. Trump did and he was elected.
The protesters that were run over by the Charger were against the KKK. White supremacist hate has reached the level of ISIS now.
INW..take the mismanagement, corruption, BEE and affirmative action, walk away from the excuses used and actually consider the wide spread complications down to ground level.  Society today reflects on the Leadership we have had.  Broken promises (read lack of value attached), no rule of law (justice and accountability), distraction and the outdated BEE and aff. action still undermining the value of the majority, racist in its own approach.  Did the 7th April march not indicate what the IRR has validated by research..80% want the Rainbow nation (Mandela type leadership)?  Down here on the ground, many of us have taken to reversing the negative ripple effect and seriously require Political and Media balance. So why dig up the past, in an unbalanced way and add fuel to the Zupta fire? Playing into "White Guilt" and 'Black Victimhood"....Where would we be today, with good governance?..That is the core issue!    Look out there..see the people speaking out..as South Africans, firstly!
As many times as it takes.  The problem, which makes it clear that the Vox study’s methodology does support your conclusion, is that the African-American got elected and re-elected over his white guy opponents.  For some reason the fact that leaves a gaping hole below the waterline of your supposed argument slips right past you .... my own impression is that you’re only interested in the narrative, and facts just get in the way.
Do it! Don't be PC! there's no moral equivalency with the White extremists, we all understand that. You fail to understand Trump as the President of "All" Americans! "All" racists, Haters and violence in not the way of America. But of course, The Trump haters will construe the message
Your assertion that supporting our flag and what it stands for, somehow has something to do with white racists is just plain dumb. I served with many black , Hispanic and Asian men. I considered them my brothers, no matter what their ethnicity. This demonstration and your comments demonize the wrong people. It's like trying to kill a fly with a shotgun blast. Try dealing with people in a civil way, without labeling or insulting them...they may actually be more considerate to your point of view.
First off why in the hell are motorized vehicles allowed, it's ridiculous. What kind of so called hunters have evolved in this country. Two years ago along the Highway just south of Glenallen it looked like a huge homeless camp with everything from garden tractors to halftracks. Next thing are the great white hunters that are decked out with everything from military weapons to cannons and with spotting scopes and 2 way radios and listening devices all for a few scared dumb little caribou that get up late to match the great hunters, what a circus. I remember my dad saying one  day as we were walking through the brush saying "Son, if you want to see something, be quiet or go home". Today it's disgusting that the poor herd that crossed the road 40 years ago has run the gauntlet of a world war. Any more, fishing, hunting, berry picking and anything else has to be controlled in definitely the lost frontier. Nice to remember what was and sad to remember what was lost.
As multiple studies have shown, race is a more important factor than religion when it comes to voting.  The Trump campaign is built upon hatred for non-white immigrants.  It should be no surprise that non-white voters will oppose him.
Who exactly are you getting beaten up by?   Read a book on white privilege and really try to absorb it.  Until you are in the minority, and you are constantly judged, stereotyped, and presumed to fit a list of expected characteristics and behaviors, you dare not say such a thing.  It's mind-blowing, and I promise you would never say something like this, even in jest.  In so doing, you whimsically belittle every person who has ever actually been the victim of discrimination.  I had a colleague once who said, "I'm not prejudice, I hate all people."  He was a straight, white, Christian male living in suburban Chicago.  He used to think that was so funny, but no one else in the office thought it was funny.  When you are in the majority, you can make jokes about discrimination, you can pretend or even actually not 'get it', you can walk the tightrope between acting and not acting on your inherent biases toward others.  When you are on the other end of it, you would not nor joke about it.
Whites can walk through a white neighborhood without sticking out like a sore thumb ... same for the members of any other race, who are less conspicuous in hoods in which they can blend in.  So naturally, thugs would prowl their own hoods, and prey on their own ethnicity, more often than not.
' Alt right is supposed to be some cleaned up acceptable term for white nationalists and neoNazis.  To call someone 'alt left' is meaningless,  there is no 'alt left'.    Unlike the 'alt right', who are ashamed of their own identity,   ….and want to hide it behind some spruced up new moniker,   ….progressives and people with a liberal focus aren't ashamed of being called progressives or liberals. . Projection is a very revealing characteristic.  . (…and as a matter of simple clarity, progressives and liberals haven't been sidling up to Putin and blowing him kisses.  That overt display of Trump's fascist affection for Putin is solely a feature of Trump and Trump's milieu.) .
Elizabeth, I suspect only you and 4 of your closest family and friends could attribute white males as the group that is claiming the most grievances this summer.
Yep. A white male making a comparable comment about Obama would have been fired quicker than you can say Rumpelstiltskin.
Yes the various militias of the past could and did do those things and other things.  Were you aware that some Native American tribes kept African-American slaves and ran lucrative businesses of hunting, capturing, and returning slaves to their "masters"?  The South is quickly becoming less and less the "Old South".  It is one of the fastest growing regions in the world.  Over the last five  decades so many non-southerners have moved into (especially cities and their surrounding areas) the South that the "Southern accent" seems almost gone at times.  Some native born southerners are actually growing-up without the accent and even the use of y'all.  Voting patterns are changing.  Non-white candidates are making into office more and more.  "Liberal" whites are being elected as opposed to the "Old South" white southerners.  I would be curious to know in what ways you think the South has not yet recovered from the Civil War?
Hmm.  Sandy Hook Elementary School - children murdered by a heavily armed white guy. Murders at a Sikh Temple in Wisconsin by a racist white guy who couldn't tell Sikhs from Muslims. Murders at a Planned Parenthood in Colorado by a "Christian" anti-abortion white guy.   Murder of 9 blacks in a church in North Carolina by a white kid proving "white supremecists" are anything but. Murder of 3 people at random at a Jewish community center and retirement home in Overland Park by a new-Nazi who'd been active in the Klan.
What lies? Too many. Don't have the time to list them all.  Trump doesn't lie.  He exaggerates at times, even tells some white lies, but out right lies?  Only you and your Dummy Dem friends do that.
Indeed, to follow up on that white guy's emphatic proclamation that his parents "ensured that (he) got a good education"...  Um, hello?  Seriously, hello?  Is that writer somehow unaware of WHY it is that rich folks from China are buying up, en masse, houses in Vancouver for their families?  Answer: It os because of GOOD SCHOOLS being present there. You can read it in the articles listed below.  SO, WHERE OH WHERE is the Ontario teacher busily indoctrinating kids with the message that yellow kids in Vancouver are privileged?  Answer: There are no teachers in Ontario talking about yellow kids in Vancouver being privileged.  Why?  Because the teachers see it as outrageously racist to say such a thing.  Um, okay, and so it is okay to say it about white kids because...???  News:  "As China’s rich remain eager to leave the country... they're most interested in buying properties near good schools".  "Chinese buyers led the pack... they target good schools and newer homes..."
The problem is that we can afford to build only certain number of universities so some people do not get that opportunity. So how do you decide who gets these opportunities. Test scores do not work because certain groups get left out. For example, if admissions were strictly by test score, then the campus population would be a largely Asian and South Asian and most of them Women-- and many would be immigrants (legal) we would need to drastically drop admissions standards to get a more diverse enrollment in many parts of the country. UH would need to give up football.  Universities have made adjustments to address this, and many have been blessed by the SCOTUS with a major case occurring not long ago. If we change the criteria and lower scores for whites then we would need to do the same for other students and the problem might get worse.
I appreciate the links Brett, but they actually reaffirm my point. Otherwise good topics devolve into partisan attacks on Trump, followed by either implicit or explicit regurgitations of Clinton's failed campaign strategy that only uneducated and/or racist whites voted for Trump.  Personally, the only media outlet that I consider credible in today's world is C-Span because it is the only place you can actually see what is going on in our world and government without having to hear some partisan hack's spin.  To me, it appears that your trust in the dinosaur media is based on their corporate branding as some sort of de facto legitimization, and you are far too willing to forgive them for the direct hand they play(ed) in supporting war abroad and stoking race/class divisions domestically.   As far as CB, I am hoping that Mr. Grube follows up with the police violence that occurred in Standing Rock, beyond just accepting the offending officers' word that they acted reasonably.
It is triggered liberal white males  like you who support ANTIFA who are the biggest threat to peace loving Americans
Two things at odds with one another.  First, this "concern" over the opioid epidemic comes from the Trump Base.  Blue and White Collar whites, caught up in a spiral of addiction that started when their health insurance paid doctors started handing out painkillers to them like candy.    Second, unlike the drug emergencies perceived to affect the people of color in the inner cities, this one gets treated like a "medical emergency", as opposed to a "law enforcement" problem - it clearly being the latter.  The Dealers just aren't South Americans, Mexicans or Blacks.  They're corporate executives, tie wearing drug distributors, Doctors and Pharmacists.  Yes.  This is a problem that needs to be addressed.  Just like cocaine.  Why isn't the DEA breaking down the doors of Corporate offices, Dr.'s offices, and pharmacies?  What is the mandatory sentencing for possession of un-prescribed painkillers?  How often are the Feds and States prosecuting for opioids?
Sorry, Paul, you realize that is just your opinion right.  I personally would paint swastikas all over liberal headquarters just to prove that they cannot control the conversation and those swastikas would have zip zero to do with Nazis.  In reality, I expect that the white pride slogan was in fact derivative of all the gay pride language that has been used for some time now.  No matter what things mean to you, you have no right to assert what those things mean to others.  Now certainly you find the phrase Black lives matter repulsive for all the same reasons you apparently don't like "white pride."  Now I suspect that you want to trash me as a racist or whatever despite that I believe in equal respect and opportunity for all.  But for me, I will not stand by and listen or watch fake liberals tell others what they think and what they mean - which you are trying desperately to do.
Didn't David Duke and other Neo-Nazi and White Supremacist groups come out and say that the Chump endorsed them? Aren't they credible sources to you?
So with all these alt-conservative posts on here are you guys saying we ban all non-whites and close borders?
Sounds like a possible breach of a handful of state and federal anti-discrimination laws. Surely, when America once again has a Justice Department, this will one day be given proper scrutiny.  It sure would had it said 'White Performers only need apply".
Well, Imago Dei is pretty sneaky about admitting that they are Conservative Baptist, and you can bet their clergy doesn't share everything with outsiders.  The Pew Research people said as follows back in 2011:   Pew asked if "more people of different races marrying each other" was good or bad society. Overall, only nine percent of Americans said it was bad for society. However, 16 percent of white evangelicals said this, more than twice the opposition found among other Americans (7 percent). The survey found that 27 percent of Americans overall said more interracial marriage was good for society, compared to 17 percent of evangelicals.  So, until Imago Dei comes out with a strong statement in favor of mixed race marriage, I can't blame Sparrow/Sharrow.  I note that Pastor McKinley remained silent during the whole Jules for Jesus controversy.  He may be reluctant to talk openly for a reason....
The election of Obama proved that a coalition of minorities and progressive white folks can win without white racists.
He purposely murdered people because of their race, because he hated their race, and he wanted to start a larger conflict based on race.  Sounds exactly the same as "religious" terrorism with just one word changed.  So he did it for "Whites" instead of "Allah".  Equally abstract justification, equally wrong, equally terrorism, and he's a home-grown, non-Muslim terrorist.  Explain to us why his form of terror is better because he didn't claim to do it for Allah, and didn't twist a faith to do so.   There is no justification to murder a group of innocents simply because they are not like you.  Period.
"Asked by a reporter in New Jersey whether he wanted the support of white nationalists, dozens of whom wore red Make America Great Again hats during the Charlottesville riots, Trump did not respond."   I'd love to see a video of this... Any links?
eric says...... David Duke himself voted for trump, along with all the KKK, American NAZI Party, and most white Southerners. Trump is the only presidential candidate endorsed by the KKK who did NOT turn down the endorsement.  LIE!  I'm calling you a LIAR eric.  Just like your big lie of impersonating a woman in here for years as "jjp58"  [james j pierpont]  https://disqus.com/by/jamespierpont/
That's what I said. You need to understand motive to understand why the particular victims were chosen.  When the victims seem random, you have a different ideology than when a specific class of victim is chosen.  In this case, the victims were white, Middle American,  country music fans. Is that significant, was the shooter targeting just that type of person, or was it just a conveniently situated, large  assembly of people?   Either way, if the assembly had been a rap or blues concert, the reaction from Saunders would have been very different, ideology would have been important!
It's racist to suggest that only white kids can have white scientists as role models.
It's time for the creation of a Congressional White Caucus, to put a brake on this sort of juvenile hallucination by evident racist partisans.
Actually MacDonald makes no such claim. He says that Bissonette was "Probably a Christian, judging from his name." and that Canadian mass murderers are "usually white and Christian". Both of these points are in regards to claims that the attack was Muslim on Muslim violence and that an immigration ban would be effective at stopping this.  Seriously sky, you've made a few valid points in other posts but try actually reading the material you reference for a change..
Whatever anybody may say, you ARE correct.  America and all the mainly white nations are targeted for genocide, starting with 'immigration' overrun.
Hardly “seeming pettiness,” but more of Christine Flowers’ typical underhanded bigotry. White media propagandists hated Muhammad ‘Ali because he let them know he didn’t fear them.  At a time when black folks were killed for less, Muhammad ‘Ali declared: “I ain’t draft-dodging! I ain’t burning no flag! I ain’t running away to Canada! I’m staying right here! You want to send me to jail? Fine, you go right ahead. I’ve been in jail for 400 years!…but I ain’t going no 10,000 miles to help murder and kill other poor people. If I die, I’ll die right here, right now, fighting YOU, if I want to die. YOU my enemy, not no Chinese, no Vietcong…!”  Comparing ‘Ali with Trump is egregiously insulting, to say nothing of absurd. When did Trump ever say ANYTHING as honest or courageous, or face such risk for speaking out? Trump LEGALLY dodged the draft.  BTW–‘Ali repented of his self-proclaimed title, and said so–because that title rightly belongs only his Creator.  Allahu Akbar–only God is Great.
More white man's guilt I see, Elizabeth. What a dreadful column. I'm not a big flag waver and have no interest in being forced to party just because Heritage Canada says I should but this loathing has to stop. Canada, as we know it, is 150 years old. End of story.
She needs to resign or be kicked out. Just as I have condemned the White Supremacists, Nazis and their sympathizers, I condemn her hateful words and she deserves no place in public office.
"Jamar Clark died after a bullet was fired directly into his head. Several witnesses say that he was handcuffed and motionless when he was shot dead."   White racists, either uniformed or not, are acting out there racist agenda as they feel their time has arrived.  It is the duty of every Christian to stand up to racism.  Tell the racists that their agenda is unChristian, unAmerican, and unacceptable.
How about a CELEBRATION to HONOR one of Eugene's  first WHITE people...................
Take a long hard look.  It is triggered white males that are the biggest threat to the security of peaceful Americans.
Sounding a bit racist Alice when using two prominent white actors as your examples of grumpy old men. How about Mr. Myagi?
Small manufacturing plants were plentiful in rural Iowa,  very white.   Now the meat packing and processing, that's another story,   I think we have a different image of what manufacturing plants do.  I worked in manufacturing for 27 years, I have an interest.    It was clear that once we learned how to make and maintain tight machine variation,  the better the product became in many ways.    But machines do require engineers, who require tool and die, who need installation and maintenance, to operators that have jobs the machine can't do.    It's really pretty interesting for people that like precision and mechanics.     Engineering fields will grow, but at Iowa State, middle America, the engineering school had  a lot of asian students, a majority in some classes.   Hey, they have their bills to pay just like Oregon does bringing in California tuitions.   And of course Oregon is catering to foreign students in some fields as well.
Trump unfit to be president?  Progressive code breakdown.  America is no longer a country fit for the white majority.  This means YOU!  Cultural Marxism hates our borders, language, people and culture!
Daniel Kammen, an energy professor at the University of California, Berkeley, resigned Wednesday from his position as the State Department's science envoy. Kammen, who was appointed to the position back in February 2016 and has served in many federal roles for more than 20 years, said his decision was tied to President Trump's "attacks on core values of the United States." "Your failure to condemn white supremacists and neo-Nazis has domestic and international ramifications," he said. "Particularly troubling to me is how your response to Charlottesville is consistent with a broader pattern of behavior that enables sexism and racism, and disregards the welfare of all Americans, the global community and the planet." His resignation letter was crafted so that the first letter of each paragraph spell out IMPEACH. https://mobile.twitter.com/dan_kammen/status/900360794231013376/photo/1
Part of that "new world" in America was to learn how to be white rather than European immigrants. The way to do that is to learn to fear and hate black people. That is the easiest way to become white if you are from Europe.  Abusing Latinos, Asians, and other minorities will do if there are no black people available. The Irish come to mind. They became white after the draft riots in New York in 1863. When the death lists from the battle of Gettysburg came in, the poor Irish didn't want to die to liberate black slaves that would just become labor competition for paid wages. They lynched 29 black folks during their riot. They have been white ever since.
"Mr. Trump will continue to pander to his bigoted base"  a reasonable article, until this.  another name calling prog hack "journalist."  everyone that disagrees with you isn't a racist or bigot simply because they do, lady.  some of us want every citizen to be judged by the content of their character, only, and not the color of their skin.  whether black women, or old white men....
Thank god for Trump.    Like that breath of fresh air while drowning in a sea of disconnected and entitled hippy kids.    For the children:  Patriotic Americans have started a revolution.  We have worked thru the economic and societal effects of liberalism, have stayed focused through the relentless hatred from the left simply because we don't agree with their distaste for core American values, and we are prevailing.    Your quality of life will be better because we have taken a stand against the emasculation of America.  You will no longer be made to feel guilty simply because you are white; for, you have done nothing wrong.  And we will continue to work hard, make sacrifices, and try and provide the life for you that your grandparents had, full of opportunity and economic growth.    You will remember 2016 as the year your parents Made America Great Again.
The Organic Act is an example of the extent of the US government's lies and propaganda meant to convince Hawaiians and the nations of the world that it had somehow magically acquired the Kingdom of Hawai'i by annexation WITHOUT a treaty between the US and Kingdom of Hawai'i governments and despite the overwhelming protest of the great majority of Hawaiian subjects and had instead "acquired" Hawai'i by a simple legislative act of its Congress whose authority and jurisdiction is limited by constitutional law to within US borders.  To believe that the US could legally accomplish unilateral annexation of a foreign, sovereign nation state by a domestic congressional resolution is beyond ludicrous and ventures into the realm of surrealist insanity.  As to the subject of US federal recognition of "native Hawaiians" (sic) as a north American indian tribe, one need only look at the massive genocide of first nations peoples at the hands of the "white man" to clearly see the US's evil intent.
I suppose you say this because many of the patrons there are bearded white men who wear jackboots and chains. That is kind of like calling all people who wear tight spandex nancy boys, isn't it?
"Getting it done" is code for"Lodging another compliant against white people and expecting a cash settlement or free trip to Ottawa. ."
You think angry white guys are the only ones who work in the country?  That could not be further from the truth.
Finally, one of you MAGAphants said it "he is doing what I voted for him to do".  Pocho, (we know you're not a white guy), thanks for your honesty. Now, if you could elucidate us on what that really means, and what he has done that you like.  Please be specific.  If you think he is draining the swamp, please give names.  If you think he has created a better, cheaper health care system with no one losing coverage (as he promised throughout his campaign) please tell us how he's done this.  If he has HUGE important deals he's made, let us know which ones you like.  If he's proposed HUGE important legislation that's been passed, let us know which laws you like most.  Maybe you could tell us specifically what you like in his proposed, and not yet passed (it's already 18 days overdue) budget.  We wait for your insights on Trump's successes.  Thanks so much.  (we know you're not a white guy)
I am so glad you asked.  Steve Bannon worked for the White supremacist website Breibart.  His own wife testified in court to his white supremacist  beliefs.  Stephen Miller, a former aide to Jeff Sessions, worked with white supremacist Richard Spencer.  Speaking of Jeff Sessions, he has described white lawyers who defended non-white clients as "traitors to their race."
If you count the blatant racists, its 2% or less. If you count the authoritarians and those that assume the worst of blacks and Latinos, it is everyone who voted for Trump for reasons other than party loyalty or dislike for Hillary. I went to high school in such a neighborhood, but from primary school through junior high I was in Dayton in a neighborhood my ex-wife calls scary and very white rural southern Ohio. I don't read Huff Post. I did drug prevention in Washington, DC (while drinkinking alcoholically), worked as the Assistant to the Mayor for Public Safety and doing ombudsman work went all over DC. Including Anacostia, where I have many friends. There are good and bad cops in DC, both black and white. The suburbs are worse racially on policing. DC Police District 8 is cesspool. Little commuity policing, dumping ground for bad cops. Federal judges, by the way, bemoan mandatory minimums. Their jurisdiction has all gone to prosecutors, which is wrong.
Little (white) guys and gals aren't the only people working to put beans on the table.  “No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility.”  ― Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex
The city of Halifax and the province Nova Scotia will now need to be renamed to cleanse Canada and history of all the stink of white man's arrival. What were the original, the real names, 400 years ago? Who but a fool would dare say no to the morally superior Indigenous claimants?
"In much of the U.S., schools are segregated. Upper-income families send their children to public and private schools serving wealthy, all-white areas..."  This absurd statement mars an otherwise thoughtful piece. Not a single public school has been "segregated" in the United States for decades. And according to US News rankings of high schools, top schools tend to be very diverse. For example, the top-ranked high school in Alaska is 34% minority. California, 31%. New York, 49%.  Minnesota, 35%. Florida, 27%. Texas, 63%. Mr. Wohlforth's insinuation that top schools are "all-white" is both fantastically wrong and frankly flirts with racism by ignoring and denying the high achievement of minority students in our nation's best high schools.
(Part one of two) You'll discover that the Democrats may be the more racist party, and you can diversify your media intake.  Really.  Not if you are Black, you won’t.  Don King, the American patriot, boxing promoter, and publisher of the Cleveland Call and Post supports The Donald, as does Dr. Ben Carson.  While it is not necessary to be racist to be a Republican, therefore, if one is racist to begin with, one is more comfortable with Democrats than Republicans.  When considering what President Obama and the Democrats have done for civil rights, it is necessary to remember two things:  first, more Whites than Blacks voted Obama into office; second, no advances in civil rights happened without significant White participation.
Thank you Mr. Rieder for an excellent column.  I especially hope many younger people read it, for this was a war that ended 72 years ago and there are few of us around who still remember it.  As I'm  sort  of from your father's generation I have similar memories, from all the uncles and aunts who served, to participating in  childhood drives for wanted materials. You are quite correct that it's absurd to equate the neo-Nazi marchers with the antifa and other protestors.  Yes, some of the antifa are pretty disgusting, just thugs in black, and they might be as likely to slug a peaceful protestor as a white supremacist; and it's high time they return to strictly defensive activity. Bad as they are, they not even close to the ideology of the neo-Nazis whose antecedents killed tens of millions of Poles, Jews, Russians and other "inferiors" as they controlled and devastated most of Europe-- after their SA street fighters  had overwhelmed those of the Socialists, Communists and Nationalists.
Islamophobia is perfectly understandable, even justifiable. Why? Four reasons: 1. While many Muslims are nice people, invite 20 million to come here, and Canada will be a Muslim society with a Muslim government. Some Canadians are asking themselves: Do we want to live in a society similar to those in the Middle East? Also, long before Canada has 20 million Muslims, there will be attempts to change our society, such as demands for the introduction of Sharia law. 2. The violent conflicts between Muslim groups in the Middle East are well known. Do we want to import those conflicts into Canada? 3. Many Canadians from Europe are familiar with the history of the "white slave trade". Between 1600 and 1830, 2.6 million white girls and boys were kidnapped and sold in the Middle East slave markets to serve as labourers, domestics and sex slaves in harems. The Barbary pirates in North Africa sailed as far north as Ireland & Iceland to kidnap white children. (continued below)
If I see Unite The Right called KKK, or white supremacists I do disagree.  Was that suggested or said maybe? I am asking sincerely. Really, sincere I am, not snarky.    I do *not disagree* if people post sad, happy, or fact based statements, even if I do not have the same opinion.  BTW- I just linked to this for BobS, because although we sit opposite on politics, I value, I read and I appreciate his posts. I do not want to read the same thing from everyone, that would be sheeple-like, eh?!   I had looked this up when the DP changed to Civil. Before I signed up.   Civil "A Guide to Voting on Civil Comments" http://civil.helpscoutdocs.com/article/25-a-guide-to-voting-on-civil-comments
I'm happy to see more light shed on the exploitation of Africa (read:Barrick / Coltan etc...)   However, to bring up white Christian's colonization and slavery and to throw the Portuguese in there without mentioning some of the other key whitefolk, AND, to not mention the centuries long Muslim slavetraders aspect in Africa, is once again tarring one religion and culture while whitewashing another.  White Christians are not the only peoples who have to answer for stuff....
What the counter-protesters/Antifa don't realize is that they did exactly what the White Nationalists wanted. One of the people that organized the rally said afterwards that the entire point of the rally was to get the left to come out and protest, proving their point that "white men are being marginalized in the United States". It was a planned recruitment tool for their party/organization and the lefties took the bait. Had the lefties remembered that while they disagree with this particular group, the group has every right to say what they want under the First Amendment. It wouldn't be any different if Muslim men held a rally saying America should follow Sharia law (which makes women second class citizens and allows/encourages the killing of LGBTQ people). You can disagree with them, but they have every right to say it as long as their not acting on it at the rally. Once again, the counter-protesters/Antifa reminded us that they are the real fascists.
For too many years the media has been biased and downright hateful to Republicans , Conservatives and Libertarians. They have lied  about Vietnam , were totally against Nixon even when he did some pretty fine things , Helped stop Bush 41 and hated Bush 43.  They would not say anything about obama that wasn't praising him even though in 8 years he did little that was good and in reality caused more racism and bigotry besides raising the level of hatred in America while acting in a total un bi-partisan fashion to pass his so called agenda. Pelosi , Reid and now Schumer and the insane Maxine Waters are pouring gasoline on the flames and only making it worse. and the media is backing them up , refusing to take them to task for their rotten behavior because the media agrees with them.  They call white Republicans Supremacists while forgetting it was white Republicans who got LBJ's Civil rights bill passed while Dems were siccing dogs on little girls. ABC , CBS, NBC, CNN , MSNBC  Stink.
They already get enhanced vetting.  We aren't talking about vetting and visas; we are talking about banning people from this country entirely.  This will do nothing to keep us safe and is just a political tool used by Trump and Bannon to scare up the uneducated whites who voted for Trump and have been stirred up to hate anyone who isn't a white Evangelical Christian American by Breitbart News.
Just the typical reaction of Washington, when there is a mass shooting. The NFL players kneeling is a reaction of what, police shooting unarmed blacks. And isn't the reason for the Second Amendment to protect We the People from the government, and look who the determined to take the guns from private citizens, the government. Even ask your self why? Why some in the government are so determined to take all guns, and it's not about mass shooting, because those same politicians ignore the inter-city shooting, that happens most weekend. Fifty-nine individuals killed in Vegas and it's big deal, 39 individuals killed in Chicago in a weekend, not so much. And is there a race component, NFL players, mostly whites were killed in Vegas, and something has to be done about the guns. Mostly blacks are killed in Chicago, and Chicago is ignored. While the gun(s) aren't an issue. Why?
If that is supposed to be a witty response, I just don't  get it.  Please educate me on what I am guilty of by just be being a white male.
Must be one of those White Supremacists that Justin keeps warning us about.
I am more afraid of the radical left and their media partners than I am of the right.(who always get the radical label)  There are nut bars on both sides of this spectrum, why do the media fail to call the left out for what they are?The left are trying to re-write history, indoctrinate children to that revisionist history and erase anything, any voice or any ideals that do not agree with theirs.......THAT is what is dangerous in all of this, it has spilled off the University campuses into the streets.   And for the record I am not a white supremacist, the usual name calling and labeling by the left continues.
"The Klan, the White Citizens Councils, and various other violent racist groups have been at it since the Civil War."  And all were Democrats.
Quote: "The year was 1893, it wasn't exactly a year when White nations embraced people of color."  Thank you for grounding your opinions about the present in a factual account of history, including the white-supremacy that permeated the USA   This racist worldview led to innumerable injustices large and small, from genocide and ethnic cleansing of native peoples, to centuries of brutal state sanctioned enslavement of other human beings for profit, to colonial conquest of non-European nations.  This also included Hawaii's bayonet constitution, overthrow, Republic and territorial oligarchy. As you note, it betrayed political, moral and religious ideals of justice,  equality and human rights, and for the islands, it was a great setback.  Let us hope that whatever path is taken, the corrosive influence of the United States of America is kept to a minimum.
Uh, Savon? Where, again, was someone "carrying machine guns?" . "As the founder of FOX news said, "I want to start a network for over 50 to dead white males."  ---Uh, where did Rupert Murdoch say that? . Which "rights" do you think are being taken away from us, right now? . You do realize that "snowflake" is a term used to describe those bemoaning their feelings without factual substantiation, right?
'Progressives and conservatives must work harder to find common ground". What a pile of modernist drivel. There is no "common ground" on issues where Holy Church has spoken definitively. There is no "common ground" to be had with abortion and homosexual marriage supporters. There IS right and wrong, there IS black and white. These ARE issues of "apocalyptic" proportion. Killing babies in their mothers' wombs is the "devil's" work. Mr. Gehrig needs to realize that even the neo-con Catholics are no longer suckered by banalities such as "common ground", and that it is simply a more charitable term for cowardice and surrender.
A sample of 600 Twitter accounts linked to Russian influence operations have been promoting hashtags for Charlottesville such as “antifa,” a term for activists on the far left; and “alt-left,” a term Trump used, which was interpreted by many as suggesting an equivalence between liberal demonstrators and white nationalists in the so-called alt-right. The sample includes accounts that are openly pro-Russian like state-controlled outlets RT and Sputnik, which a joint U.S. intelligence assessment concluded are “part of Russia’s state-run propaganda machine.”
"It's known that he considered slavery an evil."  Actually, Richard, this is in itself a piece of reductionism (or, you're a victim of deliberately incomplete quotation in the sources you're using).  When read in full, the one letter in which Lee expresses this view to his wife goes on to explain that the evil is primarily in its corrupting effect on white slave owners, and that Lee saw the institution of slavery as being necessary for the civilizing development of the Black race.  In time, divine providence would eventually see to the end of the institution.  In the South, perhaps, this counts as moderate views (due to that last sentence), but in the US as a whole at that time it was counted as passive acceptance of slavery for the foreseeable future.
I'm pro choice, but I am worried that the lack of women having children is not being discussed as ramifications for the larger society.   The reality is that the Quebecois de souche are not having enough children. Within a generation or two, French Quebec will cease to become a dominating player in Canada. This is true of white Europeans as well.   Multiculturalism was never discussed in Canada and in Europe. Canadians (and Quebec) never got a chance to vote on the policy.  And now nobody talks about the effect not having children has on our wider societies.
The University was founded by white people, though.    That is the University's heritage.   It would not exist today, if it was not for the contribution of white people like Deady.  You cannot eliminate white people from Oregon's history, nor minimize their importance in the development of our state and its institutions.
Since these statistics conflict with the bishops' paradigm wherein the "faithful" (sheep) adhere to the bishops teachings they will likely dismiss the data. They will, again, try to influence the vote in 2018 to support Republicans ostensibly over the pelvic issues and Obergefeld. Similarly, there will be a racial divide among Catholics wherein a majority of whites will more likely vote for Republicans since that party is opposed to the issues important to people of color and the former are only interested in issues which seem to support their claims to superiority.
The pixelated photos available online show he is not "white".
Amid all the accusations - particularly by the Red Beret gang - that "whites stole OUR land" which "we" are going to take back (without compensation, of course) let us be fair about the original owners - which were NOT the Blacks, BUT the SAN or BUSHMEN who occupied virtually ALL the land for something like 10 000 years - if my facts are correct.  Quite believable if one travels all over and sees their beautiful paintings in virtually every province.  Then, Julius and co. must also remember that the hated "colonials'" descendants all have title deeds to their properties - paid for by aforesaid descendants (including my parents) through perseverance and hard work to pay off their properties and it must be remembered that farmers of ALL races are the providers of that one commodity no-one can do without - FOOD.
So that's what our modern education system has come to. Kids now know that white lego blocks are racist. They just can't figure out how many there are.
So they plan to starve and freeze them out?  I guess the governor is a fan of the first Native American genocide and wants to pull some of the play from it's playbook.  White privilege and institutional racism seems to be a leading factor in his dececion making.
Begich II has finally realized you can't give a buddy a job that has no experience with law enforcement.  Last years handling of the Coastal Trail Murderer should have woken Anchorage up.  They refused to tell the public they're sworn to protect that a killer was operating in Anchorage.  What'd Tolley and Begich II suggest?  We the public should stay inside during the summer and avoid the coastal trail.  I bet the reaction would have been different had a tourist (mo money for Begich II) been shot.  Or an "important" person.  Now that an insider has been appointed Chief watch the public respond--Over aggressive officers ticketing any and everything they can (mo money for Begich II).  Minorities will begin to complain they're being targeted and that racial profiling is occuring--White Mayor, white police chief--Just saying.  Watch and learn.  The new America
The language skills are so important.   Americans have a bad habit of not learning more than one language,   and yet have a military that is utterly dependent on being able to get by in faraway corners of the world.  Recruits born in those parts of the world are key to making that work.   But the white supremacist in chief who doesn’t like being called a white supremacist values his white supremacy more than military readiness.
I presented facts based on his past statements and votes in the US senate. There is NOTHING in Jeff Sessions' record to suggest that he is a white nationalist ( which is code for white racist) or anti free trade.
ADN isn't great, and it doesn't fit into the idea that Alaska is a resource extraction, Red Blooded 'Murican state.  So yeah, I guess it wouldn't be acceptable to many here.  Here's the thing. I get treated better because I'm just some white guy, then my friends and family that are not white.   I am admittedly, a troll. But when comparing how the world at large, and the powers that be treat me, I have it better than my non white friends and family.  Anecdotal for sure, but it just keeps happening that way.
I believe it SHOULD be legal to discriminate, for any reason..  Let's say a restaurant refused to serve white people, or any specific group of people.  So the restaurant would lose out on the opportunity to make money off of that group of people.  Then suppose that the public showed their outrage at the restaurant by organizing a boycott, causing further loss of revenue.  Now if the boycott had enough support, i.e. the people rejecting the discrimination, the restaurant would go out of business, or would have to change it's policy in order to stay financially afloat.  Either way, that type of discrimination will be ended, with out the threat of deadly force at the hands of the government.  This is the way a free people deal with issues, as opposed to a society governed, by control freaks, in a tyrannical manor.
Kevin Meyer or Chenault have a vacancy for conoco caucus PR baloney peddlers in his office KKK.. you should apply.   Remember to wear your white sheet and hood.   It was the legislature that got us to this point missy not Walker.   But that seems to be lost on you.  Your full of bad mouth for the governor, who has offered the ONLY plan without spending our savings which you don`t seem to have issue with,.. but you offer no fix any better then his plan to stop the leak in the boat, just your normal personal vitriol without factual basis.   You know as well as the rest of us that if we don`t fix the budget the PFD will go away for good in just a couple of years,  and so will our options for avoiding a self induced recession because elected officials refuse to do their jobs.. as you try to divert their eyes from their failure by somehow blaming the Governor we elected to do exactly what he`s doing.  Your boy Parnell lost. Suck it up and stop making excuses for a failed legislature.
No one's panicking, pal. The not white nationalist, racist, misogynist, and deliberately ignorant segment of the population has mostly accepted that we just need to wait this one out for four years. It is a democracy, after all. It's not the end of the world, but it certainly is embarrassing.   I'm just thankful I don't have children that I need to sit down and say, "Look, kids, Mr. Trump is our new shining example of morality, decency, and leadership!" I genuinely do pity the parents of the nation that are probably having to answer some very, very hard questions by their preteens and teens about what is going on in America today. Especially the parents of little girls.
Those poor white folk in the South thought voting for Trump would put America first instead of gearing for war.  This budget looks more like what Hitler would have put forth in Nazi Germany before he proceeded to invade his European neighbors.
Trump never  socialized with this guy like your man Bill Clinton actually did and does.  Clinton goes off with Epstein to his Fantasy Island and guess what those 2 have in common?   They both take advantage of young ladies, repeatedly.  .  Or how about Anthony Weiner, yes, that pedophile, who would have been in the White House along with your womanizing  President and his wife, had she won.  Your stories on Trump don't hold a bit of water. Clinton and Weiner are all documented facts and 'convictions', buddy.  You just love Clinton though.  . Hearsay and innuendo do not equal the truth. Huma Abedin  was married to Weiner, so I assume she knew him "really well"  and thought he was  great guy, until she found out what he was convicted of doing and then divorced him. Same thing as saying Trump knew someone 15 years ago.... proves nothing.   What, guilt by association?   Another nothing burger and you know it.  You  k n o w  it. . Oh yeah,  Bam!
Actually Trump got more Latinos and blacks than Romney.  Here's a statistic you won't see on MSNBC  The "received"  statistic is that Trump got the "white non college educated male vote" The fact is it was close...trump got 49% of that, with hillary getting 45% of it.    Not that big a difference.  The statistic you won't see the liberal press reporting is this one:  Hillary got a huge percentage of the black non college educated male vote.
Yes but isn't it interesting that the Liberals decided to bump a Conservative old white guy (MacDonald) rather than a Liberal old white guy (Laurier or King)?
If aging, small-town, working-class white people in the flyover states think they feel unprotected and forgotten now, wait until Congress privatizes Medicare.
Results of climate change (drought, floods, more devastating storms) often impact poor and non-white communities more than white suburbs.  A direct result is the availability of devastated properties coming up for sale cheap.  The wealthy love to buy up distressed properties cheaply, to renovate and sell/rent at premium prices.  Their ONLY goal is enriching themselves.  Why wouldn't they believe climate change is a god-send for them, and even think it is their duty to contribute to it?
Is your world black and white as well, or just your console TV?
Yes, and perhaps you could begin unlearning. Who appointed you the defender of all things clerical, conservative, et al.? Dante put popes in Hell.  Langland in Piers Plowman decried oppression of the poor. There's a strong Catholic tradition which corresponds to many of the values of the Democratic party. It's Catholics like you, and the majority of white Catholics voted for evil, was the catalyst that made me take a step I've been wanting to take for some time: converting to Judaism. Now you can have your smaller, purer church.
CK:  You aren't a hunter are you?  It was those same "white men" who enacted legislation and led the charge to save gray whales from extinction.  A fact you conveniently forget in your rush to judgement and racial labeling.
When was the last time America was attacked by a predominately white country? The Afghan invasion was in response to 9/11 The Iraq invasion was approved by the UN and deemed legal with the passing of Iraq Liberation Act. Bush had legal authority.
Racism, Racist, Bigot, Hater, White all perjoratives thrown about by those seeking to control or shut down opposing commentary.
This is the most important  article in today's RG.  While the US has long had greater income and wealth inequality than most other industrialized nations now it's worse than ever and it's the root cause of many of our social and political problems. Reducing this inequality should be one of America's most urgent priorities but it won't be easy......  "College graduates, on average, earned 56 percent more than high school grads in 2015, according to data compiled by the Economic Policy Institute. That was up from 51 percent in 1999 and is the largest such gap in EPI’s figures dating to 1973." "The split is especially stark among white men. For middle-age white men with only high school degrees — the core of President-elect Donald Trump’s support — inflation-adjusted income fell 9 percent from 1996 through 2014, according to Sentier Research, an analytics firm. By contrast, income for white men in the same age bracket who are college graduates jumped 23 percent."
Try telling that the the liberals and independents in congress, KON.  I hope they stick it the Republicans the way they tried to stick to President Obama who was one man that defied the whites that hated him because he was black.
This fails to speak to the fact that these monuments were built long after these heroes fought for the white right to own black people - often at those times when some whites were trying to push back on the advancements of basic civil rights.  Is Orwin going to travel to Germany to encourage them to name their schools after Hitler, Goering, Himmler or place statues of these former German leaders in their parks, to help them honour and commemorate part of their history?
WHY is it consistently omitted in cases like these (where there was clearly a visual contact made with the suspects) WHAT the SKIN COLOR of the person was? Was it a bald black man? A bald white man? A bald Oriental man? Come on, guys. Report the news.
Already we can see the progressives like Ibbitson are trying to draw a comparison between anyone in Canada who dares to disagree with his enthusiasm for wide open immigration and refugee acceptance with Nazis and white supremacists down south. The fact is you can be against our current immigration and refugee system without being a racist or a Nazis.  It's been very difficult to even try to discuss immigration in Canada, however, because the Left, including the likes of Ibbitson, keep trying to shout down any opposition to their views by accusing their opponents of racism.  The fact is we are importing tens of thousands of people every year through both the refugee system and family class immigration who have no job skills, little education and no language skills at a time when large numbers of low skilled jobs are about to be eliminated by automation.  How is saying that akin to being a Nazi?
Man or Women, left or right,  North America or Europe, white or black, democracy or communism,  there is too much corruption.
Now, let's do another study with blue collar jobs, and ask businesses who they prefer to hire today; A white person covered in tattoos and piercings B an African American from Chicago ghettos raised on welfare or C. the Mexican who risked life and limb to come to America illegally to look for work. Most of us are going with C because they have a work ethic and work for their paycheck.
Sorry, dragon.  Can't spin me, and an attempt to try and equate ACLU principled action to protect the concept of "free speech" with agreement with the content of that speech is, to put it in terms I suspect you understand, a dog that won't hunt.  There's a difference between discharging their general mission, and agreement with the ideas being spewed.  I suspect the ACLU might have opposed the denial of a rally permit to the White Supremacists, or the use of excessive police force to shut them up.  Both things I WANT to see happen in the future in response to the White Supremacists' purpose and conduct being made illegal.  But, until that happens, which again, it should, the ACLU is doing their thing with integrity.  Not, I believe, agreement.
I  just want to express my condolences and sorrow to all the members of the LGBT community out there.  Honestly, I realize  as a "straight white male"  who's been fortunate to have never been targeted for discrimination (well, not  until I became "elderly" anyway) I can't truly understand the depth of your grief.    But I'm old enough to remember some of the history--  such as when it was common in some cities for the police to raid gay bars, clubbing the crowd as they drove them out; or for teenagers to brag about attacking "queers".  I remember a very popular and happily married  Oregon HS principal  driven from his job by the John Birch society when they found out when he was young he'd been  arrested for violating "sodomy laws", and I remember in the late 80s on the UO-- yes, Oregon, campus, a large and noisy group of young men tried to shout down lesbian speakers at at  rally.   While, thank God, we've moved beyond this in our laws and attitudes, some wounds are still raw.
Civil discourse has long be absent in Canada, it is nothing new and the left and its allies in the media are just as guilty. The G&M has an almost daily opinion piece that is hurtful to "whites" and would be considered hate speech if aimed at any other segment in society. This hurtful language is bound to stir up extremists on the right. If anyone has a legitimate question, they are shouted down and called "racist"  "denier" "misogynist" "econut"  "leftard" or whatever and not met with rational discourse or rhetorical debate. Just because I may have  questions regarding the effectiveness and economic cost of the carbon tax does not mean I should be called a "denier" and told to sit down and shut up. The more the left tells people to sit down and shut up, the more it feeds the extremists. If 5 people hold a rally against a pipeline our media falls over itself trying to mainstream the protesters, though they represent an extreme view. The lesson to the right is "be extreme" or be ignored
Ever heard of Timothy McVeigh? He must have been muslim?   Since Sept. 11, 2001, nearly twice as many people have been killed by white supremacists, antigovernment fanatics and other non-Muslim extremists than by radical Muslims: 48 have been killed by extremists who are not Muslim, compared with 26 by self-proclaimed jihadists  Don't recall hearing if Dylan Roof was muslim?  You remember the ruthless slaying of nine African-Americans in a Charleston church with an avowed white supremacist charged with their murders,
"white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi " Trump's core supporters so of course he won't criticize them.
JPII wasn't just silencing discussion on the issue until such time as the issue could be clarified, etc.    "In order that all doubt may be removed, I declare the church has no authority to ordain women."   Unless you are a lawyer or Scripture scholar--that is a pretty clear statement that does not admit of discussion at a later time. I can understand why dissidents are so desperate to find some, any loop hole---no matter how ridiculous, bizarre and absurd their arguments have to be. As long as they can keep that hope alive, they will cling to anything.     I would give up the Catholic Faith because no pope can redefine reality.  No pope can change that which is unchangeable. No pope can define that black is white and visa-versa.  Popes do not have unlimited and unchecked authority.  The day a pope redefines reality, the day a pope changes that which is by definition not changeable is the day I leave.  The Church is not the USA.  Reality cannot be redefined because some do not like it.
So how does this point fit in when they self-identify as "White Nationalists?"
Can anyone explain how Mathieu da Costa  a so called free black man was able to translate between the french and the Mi'kmaq circa 1603? This to me reeks of paper genocide and reclassification as I would venture to say that Da Costa was himself a Native person who happened to have a dark skin tone. It was common for whites to assign race and record history according to their limited understanding...or refusal to admit that NOT every person with dark skin came from Africa.
The extreme left-wing violent protestors, specifically the Antifa Fascists and BLM are as repugnant as the White Supremacists and must be called out too. I think President Trump was correct for calling to stop hatred and violence on many sides. It seems to be okay with a lot of liberals for hate, bigotry, and violence when it comes from the left and directed at conservatives. There will be no healing until all hatred is acknowledged.
"Whatever happens, the white Catholic vote has proven to be one that has been most in play during this election. Where they finally land could determine the election." I doubt that is accurate, I rather think it is arrogant to give white Catholics voters (a group that includes the author) such importance in the election. More relevant, I belief that when the cleric looks at Catholics as a voting block, they are hoping to influence politics. The separation of state and church does not only protect our democracy, it also protects our faith - we are allowed to vote in consciousness. Not following the Catholic political agenda (like opposing gay marriage and the legal right to abortion) does not make us less catholic. It makes us more civil, in the literal sense of the word.
The US doesn't have white nationalism in it's DNA?  Did you skip class on the day they talked about the Civil War? Also, we are you getting your stats from that say those groups of people make up less than 1%?  And how could those numbers even be considered accurate when having those beliefs is taboo enough for people to lie about it if there was even a survey done.  That guys who killed the woman with his car, his family had no idea of his views. There is a difference between people who "want to shut down free speech" in general, and those who are protesting against an ideology that millions of people died fighting against in WW2.
It's a statue of a man who defended slavery. You asked. I answered. All such statues should be removed. No such person deserves anything but shame in this day.  Yes, they were entirely white supremacist. If you march with NAZIs you ARE a nazi. Some things have no shades of gray.  >Can the argument be made that the removal of the statue is a form of cultural cleansing?  No. >Have the South no right to a heritage?  Sure they do, and they can take pride in the many good things about it (like KFC and Jack Daniels) - but ONLY if they also take unquestioning shame in the BAD things about it. Every culture has evil and good in it's history. You do not to celebrate teh good if you do not accept shame for the evil. And you sure as hell don't get to treat teh evil as if it was PART of the good.
Actually it's pity about the break with Bell-Pottinger.  It has left us with just two three-word buzz-phrases: "White Monopoly Capital" and "Radical Economic Transformation", and they are getting a bit stale by now.  At least, B-P had the talent to create a few more to order.
"So you want an entire race of people to be relegated to the dust bin of history because of a rally by a small group of them that you hate. Are you Himmler, reincarnated? Tell us how white people are our misfortune."  Now, now, Sylvia....you know very good and well that your comment is a gross overreaction to John's comment.
"The photo illustrating this piece is perfect - two old, rich, white guys expressing concern that the low rate of minority enrolment in American colleges v.s minority demographics is still too much for them" Maybe they should have had a photo of two black guys wondering why there are few whites attending Grambling State University, Alabama State University or Howard University to name just a few. You people crack me up.
No room for compassion, huh? What is it with your conservatives so lacking in compassion for non-white? I will bet that if this was about a European who overstayed his visa and became a respectable member of the community, you would be on his side.
Name one person that has ever, ever, supported white supremesit's   You have been so busy building straw men and dragons you are fighting the wind! The media is feeding us hate and to many are lapping it up...
I guess from this that easty is white.  I see easty is also taking lessons from the distorter of truth, the consumate liar who never backs up his alternate facts with evidence.  Sad!
Trump still believes millions voted illegally. He said he was wire tapped by Obama. Yes/no/maybe/ No proof. No one in intel proves anything and can't. Lies. Lies. Lies. Alternative facts. Microwaves. TVs. Other appliances. Why does america's white people keep their high schooler bully boy football quarterback hero in office? Why. Is it because white America is so used to white privilege? That's the only thing I can think of.
Wow, Connie.....you got no clue do you? You are comparing stats when you should be coming in from a moral stand point. We are not talking stats here, Connie. We are talking about the moral symbolism of the Confederate flag and the Nazi Swastika. Both come to represent the same metaphoric evil of racism, slavery and oppression. Its not the matter of statistical differences between the two but similarity of the evil that both got in common. Sad to say but what is really the symbol of Jim Crow? The Confederate flag! Who let this happened? The white people and not only of the south but also the north. Indiana at one time, had one of the largest KKK organizations in the United States during the height of Jim Crow during the 20th century. But your ignorance is not your fault, Connie. You just lack knowledge. You don't understand the symbolic interaction of the Confederate flag in our present time period. Your last commentary clearly shows that much.
Wow.  White,  female,   country singer,  ...takes a knee at a football game,   ..in Tennessee?   That's some brave stuff.  That's sure to trigger some insecure racists.
Koncerned:  I keep hearing white guys lecturing black guys about all that's wrong with them.  I'm no more responsible for black guys who screw up as you are for white guys who screw up.  For the most part, I've been successful and responsible.  That's all I can be held accountable for.  I won't stereotype you if you don't stereotype me.  I still think the orange dude is a miserable excuse for a human being; and though I expect him to be a disaster (as he has been most of his life), I still hope and pray he is successful for the nation's well being.
There have always been racists in Canada. Canada even had the KKK chapters in it during the 1920's and 30's. Also during the 1990's the White Heritage front was very active. Also Zundel was denying the holocaust in the 80's and 90's. Also Africaville in Nova Scotia was neglected by the government in the 1950's mostly due to racist reasons.   So no... Harper didn't invent racism in Canada. Your memory is just being selectively biased.
I surprised not reading a Mandan women posts of a white man lying thru his teeth. They stole their land too, didn't they?
Trump's reply when asked to denounce the KKK,  .  "Well just so you understand, I don't know anything about David Duke, OK?   . I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists.  . So, I don't know. I don't know, did he endorse me, or what's going on?  . Because, you know, I know nothing about David Duke.  . I know nothing about white supremacists.  . And so you're asking me a question that I'm supposed to be talking about people that I know nothing about."  continued:
Fake news!  Remember that latest article by the WaPo about 21 states having their election systems hacked during the last election?  Turns out, it was also fake news.  Just revealed today.  I'd love to tell you more, but I have to go to my Right Wing Conspiracy group meeting.  Then, it's on to the discussion of how we Republicans are White Supremacists.
I don't understand how you can claim you are not being racist while saying things like, "We need to smash whiteness."  What a joke.  Just be honest with what is trying to be accomplished here: A power grab to label people whose opinions/politics you don't like in order to silence them.  This isn't about white power or fascism.
salon.com/2016/12/06/fairs-big-play-onetime-fringe-group-hopes-to-drive-donald-trumps-immigration-policy/ … Sessions was the keynote speaker at FAIR’s 2007 convention. FAIR basically wants to end non-white immigration.
Professor Claims Math, Algebra, And Geometry Promote "White Privilege" - A University of Illinois math professor Rochelle Gutierrez argues in a newly published math education book for teachers that they must be aware of the identity politics surrounding the subject of mathematics.
Indeed they were traitors....but as is true with the Revolutionary War history, as it is with the Civil War history,  history is ALWAYS written by the victors.  There were many reasons FOR the civil war, slavery but one.  Lincoln went to war to "preserve the union", not free the slaves, or he would have freed the slaves in the states that remained slave states, and remained in the union!  He didn't need "black troops" until he started running out of cannon fodder in 1863.  Even then, they were primarily used in rear areas to free up white troops to fight.  Had the South won, slavery would have been gone in several decades anyway.  And Lincoln might well have been impeached and hanged for is massive executive overreach and absolute disregard for, and trampling on the Constitution.  Removing statues with meaningful historical significance is nothing more than displays of abject ignorance, and a desire to remain willfully ignorant.
These Charges against Bill could be racially motivated because majority of the woman were white. Falsely accused black in the south back 80 years age were accused by white women were either hanged or received a long prison term.
The lame problem of "law enforcement" only when it involves non-whites.  White terrorists are allowed to invade a city and spout hate and carry traitorous flags and banners while the police just stand by.  Too much infiltration in police departments nationwide by White Supremacists including those who have gotten away with the murder of unarmed non-white men and women.  The Bundy clan held an entire area hostage for months while federal, state, and locals failed to act.  Then the leader gets off through a planted juror in the trial.  White privilege including arms and threats still rules as the gutless and, too often, fellow traverers of the ideology in government at all levels cheer on the sidelines while innocents are killed and maimed.  Cowards, one and all.
Hard to believe there are still so many statues, monuments,schools,  holidays, etc. commemorating and celebrating the Confederacy.      They do have their place. They belong with the cat-o-nine tails, the knout, the rack, the yellow Jewish Star of David, the auto da fe, and dinosaur fossils - in a museum.   No wonder slavery was quickly followed by Jim Crow, continuous racism, lynchings, segregation of black soldiers from white soldiers fighting in WWII, police shootings of blacks, etc.
"I'm not white!" my 7 year-old blurted out defensively recently at the diner table (his father is, his mother is not, we've always approached it as "you're both", because he's not half a person). Already he is being taught to hate/disassociate from his heritage, that there is something "wrong" with being white. It really hurt to hear him say that. He has experienced nothing but love, kindness and acceptance from both sides of his family. I suspect he's learned this at school.   Real damage is being done to children, their identities and their feelings of worth as a person. Children internalize, they are ego-driven. Telling them "being white is bad" is about the same as telling them "you're bad if you are white". I've seen it and experienced it. How many children are going to grow up hating themselves for a simple birth characteristic? This is a massive injustice about to be inflicted on those who are (totally innocent) children, and those not yet born. We're hurting children, stop.
Trump Asks, "What About The Al-Left? Here's The Answer  "But overall, far-right extremist plots have been far more deadly than far-left plots (and Islamist plots eclipsed both) in the past 25 years, according to a breakdown of two terrorism databases by Alex Nowrasteh, an analyst at the libertarian Cato Institute. White nationalists; militia movements; anti-Muslim attackers; I.R.S. building and abortion clinic bombers; and other right-wing groups were responsible for 12 times as many fatalities and 36 times as many injuries as communists; socialists; animal rights and environmental activists; anti-white- and Black Lives Matter-inspired attackers; and other left-wing groups...."  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/15/us/politics/trump-alt-left-fact-check.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share  So yeah, the right is FAR more violent than the left.
You heard what you wanted to hear from President Trump.       Do you have any doubt that what he said was with the consideration that the voting group of racist, white, mostly Southern voters were critical to his election victory?    You must certainly agree that supporters of  the fantasy anti-bellum South are a critical part of Trump's support and he did not want to offend them?  Trump bellows about honesty but he says very little that doesn't carry a ton of political implication, even he knows that much.    To think of Trump as 'anti-political' is true only in the sense that he is more salesman that statesman.  He's will lie shamelessly, with purpose, if he believes it gives him advantage.    It's all about the sale.
It is ridiculous to equate two siblings fighting each other with what happened in Charlottesville.  Charlottesville did not have two sides that both have valid view points fighting for their beliefs.  Guess I'm just anti-KKK/Nazi/etc....  One side was a group of people with an ideology based on hatred of people who do not look like them and don't believe in the same things they believe in  apply for a permit for a peaceful assembly and arrive with lit torches,  weapons, shouting hateful rhetoric; and another party made up of people who are anti Nazi, anti Facist, anti White Supremacist.   This scenario was a big time bomb waiting to go off.  While I agree both sides were armed for a fight, would there have been any confrontation if the first group had not shown up acting like they did? Not likely.  If people are going to apply for a permit to gather for a peaceful assembly, I think anything close to being considered a weapon should not be allowed (even in a open carry state) for both.
No, it isn't, and it was a hell of a struggle to end that Jim Crow Era. Now the White Supremacy movement would have us return to that era.  Read the propaganda and listen to videos of their leaders.  Racism is "alive and well" in America and its proponents would have it reflected in every facet of today's American life.  Gary Crum
The fact that the DP is not reporting the truth is amazing to me. The entire protest is based on a lie. "hands up don't shoot" never happened. The fact that study after study show that white and black criminals are treated pretty close to the same is never mentioned. The fact that nobody supporting or involved in the protest can't articulate why they are protesting. This study is from a Harvard Prof.  http://tribunist.com/news/harvard-study-on-police-shootings-and-race-offers-shocking-conclusion/
For the passive investor, stocks are almost the only game in town with potential to beat inflation.  The historically low interest rates are pushing up the stocks and stocks will likely fall if and when the fed allows interest rates to climb.  An insider with knowledge of what the fed reserve is going to do could make a serious fortune.  This is, of course, one of the things the masters are seeking to obscure by keeping the little folks busy with Russian bromance and white supremacists.
You believe the  leftwing's lies.  Believing in securing your borders and adhering to immigration laws is NOT xenophobia. In the left's push to secure more power with more votes they have VERY  successfully associated secure borders with being anti-Mexican. Nothing could be farther from the truth.,  White nationalism??! What are you talking about? You muyst be listening to some fringe radio station you can only get on satellite.  Open borders is not a conservative principle.  Importing poverty and cheap labor REGARDLESS of what color of skin that labor comes in is NOT good governance.  Don't fall prey to believing the caricature the left has portrayed, it isn't true.
15 years after arriving here in 1992, I learned the P-word from my then local Okinawan-American girlfriend. I did not know that it was racial slur and used it once at work, with serious repercussions. Living in California previously, numerous Hawaiians would think that I am Hawaiian-Portuguese. Same with my Caucasian roommate there who had been a star quarterback at Kalaheo High School. When I got married here to my late wife in 1989, the video owner who filmed our marriage told us that when passerbys saw it in the store window they thought we were a local couple. Interesting reactions I get when I reveal that I am a Haole. There is a double standard of what is acceptable for Caucasians vs. members of non-white groups and women.
Anti-racists say there is a RACE problem that can only be solved when the third world pours into EVERY White country and "assimilates."  What if I said there was a RACE problem that could only be solved if hundreds of millions of non-Blacks were brought into EVERY Black country? How long before people realize I'm not talking about a RACE problem, but the conclusion to the BLACK problem?  They say they are anti-racist. What they are is anti-White.  Anti-racist is a codeword for anti-White.
"Our country’s direction is too important to decide on the basis of who is more vulgar than whom."  No, we decide whose campaign has already done more damage to our national interests.  Trump contests the legitimacy of the election in advance. This does profound damage to our democratic institutions, as does promoting a false narrative of voter fraud, which is in fact extremely rare.  Trump encouraged the land-grabbing imperialist Vladimir Putin: "He's not in Ukraine." The election-interfering Vladimir Putin: "I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing." He has rocked the solidarity of NATO, a main containment of Russia's attempts to destabilize the west. He is truly Putin's puppet, as Clinton stated in their last debate; most likely, because of all the Russian money pouring into his businesses, as his son revealed a few years ago.  Trump again and again shows complete ignorance of our government's institutions; Nazis and white nationalist racists love him. Enough!
Funny how so many Superior White Males Who Know Everythin don't seem to have jobs.  Hmmm. So. Much. Free. Time.
Really?  Because the leader of the California KKK said he was voting for Clinton.  Jeremiah Wright supported Clinton.  Racism is no less prevalent among liberals than conservatives.  You guys just try to mask your's under the guise of affirmative action, alleged "white privilege", and generational dependency.
Local Asians, playing Asians, in a war movie & TV series, is not a far stretch.  There are many Brazilians actors, in Hawai'i, who should have been cast first.  A white person, being cast for a dark Hawaiian, is a bit of a stretch.  Will the Hawaiian history, also be rewritten?
The best result of the addition of the "Comments" section to the ADN is the exposure of the depth of white supremacist ideology festering throughout society in Alaska and throughout the nation.  This tragedy engenders the usual hatred fueled by and lauded by the Corporate Media throughout the campaign season as racism and bigotry became acceptable within campaign rhetoric.  Blasted daily throughout the day on television, radio, and print, statements of the purest vitriol against immigrants, Mexicans, Blacks, liberals, etc. spewing from the mouths of professed "leaders".  Playing to the most base of society to stimulate the anti-governing rabble to a fever pitch while themselves were protected by the full force of the federal government.  Any discussion or rhetoric addressing issues of importance for actual economic and governing solutions to real problems were left to the back pages or eliminated entirely from the broadcast media.  And so it goes.
Anything to add other than your own racial hangups?   White guilt goes fine with Sunday brunch, the ability to pay your bills, but it doesn't make a comedian any funnier.
I love the FBI. I have many old time agent friends. But let me recall. The FBI investigated the shooter twice, and found nothing to charge. The FBI runs the firearm background checks. They approved  the shooters purchase. One gun shop refused to a sell high grade vest and large amount of ammunition but failed to get his name and vehicle ID. Now Loretta Lynch claims she does not know where the wife who helped the shooter is, so does that also include the FBI?"  And we have a white house that orders all reference to Jihad, Islam, Muslim  terrorist removed from all Federal officer manuals (including the FBI) and Loretta threatened to charge anyone in law enforcement who used disparaging language like "terrorist" Islamic Terrorist" Muslim and such until some news person reminded this AG about the first amendment.  So remind me who is working against the safety and security of America? The white house or the NRA
I haven't seen the show but I did grow up in Northern Ontario (and get back often) and can attest to the fact that there are many doctors up north wearing head coverings. If you look up a directory of physicians and surgeons working in Canada's hinterland, you'll see lots of Islamic names. The fact that there would be a practicing Muslim woman training in Northern Ontario is pretty typical. As for the second point, was it a snowblower accident, by any chance? Any Canadian emerg physician who's worked in the snowbelt can tell you stories about men who have lost their fingers trying to clear snow from the blades of their snowblower, often after a few drinks. Because it's northern Canada, the men will usually be white. Nothing atypical about that.
Because one party sympathizes with white supremacists and Nazis, and the other doesn't.  That's a pretty good reason in my book.  If every Republican in Washington retired, we'd all be better off.
It seems so easy for European-Amerikkkans in Portland to shrug it off and say people of color are just complaining over nothing. It comes to no surprise since they pride themselves in their ignorance of history and anything takes place beyond their borders. I know this because I am constantly reminded by them how they do not know where Georgia because of their education. White privilege​ is being able to get away with not learning. http://iwillnotobey.blogspot.com/2016/03/whats-good-sally-krantz-or-86_20.html
The US Census designations continue to confuse and divide Americans. To be absolutely clear: The designation of "Latino" or "Hispanic" is NOT a racial designation. It is an ethnicity designation. A person can be of any race and be Latino or Hispanic. The Federal categories have added a "non-white" Hispanic category that only serves to confuse even more. The qualification of Hispanic or Latino is that if you or your parents originated in a Spanish speaking country.
Did you even read the article, THatcher?  What he can't do is condemn white supremacists, without in the next breathe claiming that "the other side" is just as bad.  The article is about how he couldn't do that before, and still can't.  "Recounting his conversation with Scott, Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday: "I think especially in light of the advent of antifa, if you look at what's going on there, you know, you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also. And essentially that's what I said."
Buy back programs worked well in sane countries like Australia.    I personally think the guns have been allowed to proliferate to the extent they have because white men think owning dozens of guns will keep them in power when the blood runs in the streets.  Guns are not going to keep white men in power.  One man can cannot shoot 42 weapons at the same time.  It's  unfortunate that so many white men have bought so many guns for no real usable purpose. I guess it makes them feel powerful.
It is a plain mistake to see BLM's essence as opposing white supremacy.  As I've stated, if that's all it were, all reasonable people would support them, and with enthusiasm.  But read their mission statement, which goes far beyond opposing white supremacy. These people hate America, and accuse it of systemic oppression and state- institutionalized genocide. That's how they view white society in general. Don;t take my word for it;.go to their own web page.  So what do I think of T-shirts that say "White Lives Matter."  I think it borders on mental retardation to make such a statement, What keeps it from going over the line into a worse form of mental disability is that it's a mere mirroring, for effect, of the words "Black Lives Matter."  The phrase "Black Lives Matter" is not a mirroring, for effect, of anything.  It stands by itself, so to speak.  Now, just ask yourself what is directly implied by the statement, "Black Lives Matter," and to whom is the statement directed?  cont'd
LOL cmon! you know news only reports when its a "white male"
I need to read carefully on this next point - I have no idea how Denby's family came into money, and I am not trying to denigrate them personally. But I think it is fair to say that the economic system in America, and in Hawaii after the overthrow, had racism baked into its fabric and indeed the degree to which certain ethnic groups got ahead was dependent on other groups not being allowed to get ahead. An all white club on waikiki beach probably wouldn't exist had the Asians not been kept on the plantations at low wages, allowing obscene profits for the haole plantation owners. So again it seems strange to call out the racism at the club you belong to when the racism is what allowed the club to exist and for your family to have the funds to join it. Again, if there had been some sort of realization that 'I realized my family had benefited from racist systems, but I realized that is wrong and I was determined to change things for future generations" it would have come across better.
"By almost all metrics, the U.S. is back in decent shape."  Really? The debt increased by $5T under Obama. Unemployment is down, spurned on by mainly service related jobs and those out of the workforce. If working a morning shift at Burger King and a graveyard shift at Taco Bell is the "decent shape" you refer, then you would be right.  "Whipping up a frenzy about the non-existent problem of illegal immigrants..."  Tell me you're not serious. I suggest you invite all 11M of them to Canada and they can become your "non-existent problem".   "This sad, isolated insult generator is now president of the United States because hordes of poorly educated white Americans bought the absurd pitch of a lifelong huckster."  Funny how the median income of a Trump supporter is $10k a year higher than the now defunct Clinton supporters. Apparently the "poorly educated " are more affluent than their highly educated counterparts. It seems to me you are the the one who has been the buying into hype.
I'll stand corrected; maybe it was the Ojibwe, not the Cree who drove the Sioux south onto the plains. However, my point is the same, the Sioux at present day Standing Rock have about as much ancestral claim to the area as whites do to Plymouth Rock.
I suspect there are some books written by "old dead white males" which ought to be included at some point in high school (including at least a bit of Shakespeare) simply because they are so embedded into the cultural fabric. So I hope this wave of Political Correctness doesn't lose sight of that (an' I suspect most english teachers realize that).  As to Lord of the Flies, or To Kill a Mocking Bird, sure there is a great 'moral theme' behind each. But I'm not sure how many people became more virtuous after reading either.    Just don't pick second-rate novels on the basis of, "We have to have someone from 'this' group".  Giving students a choice of novels is probably the fairest way to handle this.   I recall in Grade 7 having the choice of 'Anne Frank' or 'Treasure Island'. Unfortunately all the copies of 'Anne Frank' had been scooped up by the time it got to me so I read 'Treasure Island'. I don't think it had much effect on me one way or the other, though.
A white female reporter ("white woman") apparently has no right to ask questions or speak at a news.  So are the indigenous racist or misogynist?  Canada has only one 150th birthday, and these people want to rain on the parade.  There is an Aboriginal Awareness Week each year....imagine what would happen if we protested at their events about aboriginal misogyny, corruption, violence, fiscal mismanagement and anti-democratic power-thru-heredity practices. ...not that anyone would dare ask such questions.  Poor Julie can't even ask a straight-forward non-threatening question without being drummed out of the room.  They are now rapidly burning through the goodwill held by most of the public.  It won't last forever.
Under the circumstances, a native land claim on Brampton is entirely possible.  Just imagine  natives telling Chinese, South Asians or Muslim immigrants to get off their land.   White man won't be here forever to protect natives from reality and it won't be pretty.
The white nationalists aren't just from Virginia!
The mind boggles! We've had all these "turn around" strategies tabled but to no avail.  Surely these strategies have cash flow projections that include loan settlements or is that just a "white minority capital" approach to running a business?
Sessions defends Trump.  Well, this is no surprise.  Sessions is a product of the white supremacist culture, after all.
"Rural Texas, Baptist, White".  Hello?  America is about 66% white folks.  The big string of churches called "American Baptist Churches USA" are about 73% white folks.  And the Texas string of churches that belong to "The Baptist General Convention of Texas" are about 78% white folks.  So I kind of don't quite get the linking of those Baptist churches to "white". They are not that far off the general demographics of America as far as "whiteness" goes.  Texas certainly has more Hispanic folks than the average state, which probably explains why Texas has a separate "Hispanic Baptists Convention of Texas" meeting annually and headed by several Hispanic Baptist ministers.  Look, I am not a Baptist, and actually I see not a speck of scientific evidence for the existence of ANY god(s), but I think your characterization of a set of people, the way you have done, is dangerously near being on a slippery slope between stereotyping and bigotry...
Your words and thoughts are white.  It is easy to tell. #WHitePrivilege
I suppose you think that Christy Clark, Rachel Notley, Kathleen Wynne, etc are non white women? What colour are your glasses?
The truth is that the vast majority of terrorists in the country are white Americans, not Muslims. That has always been so. The truth is that all lives have never  mattered in this country. Why worry about healthcare for the poor if you don't care if they live or die anyway. Sadly, in my experience most Americans are very selective with their compassion and empathy.  Fortunately, younger folks tend to have more empathy for folks different from themselves, than their elders.
Do you have a list of "white supremacist rallies" or are you just making it up?   So the flag YOU think symbolozes somebody feeling "white supremacy" is more insulting than the flag that stood for the genocide of an entire race in Europe?
This question has been asked throughout our nation's history. Will blacks damage a white community? Will Jews damage a Christian community? Will LG's damage a straight community? Diversity is fine as long as you think like me. Will the bigotry ever end?
I do not believe you are a bigot.  I see you as very intelligent.  I too have experienced the injustices of being old and white I sense from your posts.  I lost alot including a 36 year career just for being old and white.  I get it.  You and I share injustices of being labelled old and white...in my case losing everything I worked for to younger, lesser qualified colleagues I actually trained.  I was then let go by those same people.  In the aftermath, I choose not to fuel the stereotype others project toward people like you and I.  At least I try not to. But yes, I do get frustrated and angry when it is assumed my oldness and whiteness means I don't have any voice that's worth listening to anymore.  Right vs left is fair game. Old and white is where I get my button pushed with the assumptions that go with old and white. I try to keep my mind curious.  I appreciate being challenged to do so.  Your questions help me challenge my own thinking.
Racism is Racism, Violence is Violence, they are not to be dissected to imply one is worse than the other, it's still there These violent groups on both sides are Making Donald's point with Virginia violence. There's a lot to lay blame on both sides. Racists chants and the participation of violence from the Anti-racist doesn't make anyone more righteous than the other. It's ALL bad! It has turned out to be Bigger than the SkinHeads, White Nationalists or anyother White racist group.  BLM is a part of this!
For all of those that want to promote the idea of a 'white privilege', when was their allowed a whites-only gathering without it being called racist?  Now how many times have their been minorities only gatherings without them being called racist?
I'm sorry, what do their signs mean? What do they think they built? Gay pride? That was demonstrably built by white gay men (and somewhat by white gay women). All other queer groups have benefited from the work and sacrifice by many white gay men. They should be thanking us not disrupting our events.
Mine as well. I gather one can only speculate the race of the perpetrator if it's white.
Who convinces students they can only lose before they even start?  Who convinces a young person of anything??   The most important people in their life..... Period. Parents, relatives, media, tribal associations, gangs etc.  It is NOT the teachers or "privileged" white or any other color that tell a person of color that they cannot succeed in education.  If that were so, black colleges would not have even existed during the horrors of Jim Crow.  There is such a thing as a corrosive culture.  It can be the culture of elites and privileged, and it can be the culture of disfunctional tribal identities. Both can rob youth of the joy of exploring and developing their incredible potential. ( I use the word Tribe to describe self identified groups of people not necessarily ethnic groups)  Now that America has become increasingly Tribal in nature, each tribe needs to ask themselves this question.  "In the age of the internet, why dont we demand proficiency from our youth?"
Women in combat jobs already and the GOP want to continue the '50s June Cleaver paternalistic "coddling" of women STILL?   NO draft for you, young lady but no abortions or choice either. We middle aged white guys know what's good for you...be seen but not heard.
"no, of course we won't see you protesting, you're far too busy keeping up with rhe Kardashians and other really important stuff; by all means carry on trooper"  No, it's because most conservatives that I know have no interest in the Kardashians, and you'll know if the conservatives ever start rioting because nobody would be able to make it stop. We're talking about most of your LE, veterans, etc. It would be very unlike the disgusting, infantile "protests" executed by the libtards.  Many liberals are crying and slobbering about how Trump has "divided us". I've got news for you guys, Obama divided us when he labeled white, veteran, conservative, christian males as the greatest terror threat in the country on numerous occasions. What you crybaby losers on the left don't understand is that what your seeing now is the beginnings of the right pushing back against decades of your BS. Just remember, the pendulum of our republic swings both ways. Now it's our turn.
Well, crawl out of your union-pension bunker and hit the streets with the petitions instead of pounding computer keys furthering the cause of White Supremacy uber alles.
It's because he does agree with the nazis and white supremacists it's so obvious.  And why is the WH scrambling for, did he say something wrong?
"Those white folks who have never experienced prejudice but the opposite."   But muh privilege.  P.S. I'm making fun of you, WilsonBarry. Does that make me a "waythist"?
" “Even in an administration that has already made its hostility” toward the gay community clear, Melling said, “I find this nothing short of shocking.” "  After everything Trump has done (and Sessions has supported) including his support of white supremacists in Charlottesville what did everyone expect them to do?
Shrader correctly points the legality of this screening along with the bad strategy of excluding likely supporters and donors.  For men, this is really a tempest in a teapot compared to the collection of old white men in the U. S. Senate who determine womens' health care policy.
Peter, I appreciated the first part of your letter, until the last paragraph.  You indicated I was minimizing and even denying the daily experience of those who don't look like me.  I was trying to explain the very opposite. Though my experience is small, I experience black racism, so it helps me identify.  People are using "white privilege" as a pejorative term -- as did a letter writer after yours who stated he was glad I was offended.  My letter addressed that. I am an ally against racism, I've tasted a smidge and don't like it. I'm not minimizing it but trying to explain that I understand it a small bit, and take it to heart.  So why do people use it pejoratively as that other letter writer did?  Why offend an ally?  Why use it as derogatory name for all whites. Why write off anyone who is concerned about such issues.  I also stated lets not see who has the most hurt but the most love.  Which means, I'm not trying to out do you, so please don't call me names when I support you.
Affirmative action was originally a good idea. It was meant to rectify ills that racial discrimination had perpetrated; chiefly, as the Heritage Foundation notes, it “authorized courts to take ‘affirmative action’ to uproot racially discriminatory practices. That objective was, and remains, morally right. But that same statute forbade race preference; for it is morally wrong.”  Thurgood Marshall wrote in 1954 when director of the Legal Defense Fund of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.  "Racial discrimination is wrong, no matter the color preferred. We begin to transcend racism when we stop the practice of every form of it, by every public body, now. To give favor to males or to females, or to whites or to blacks or to persons of any color, is morally wrong because doing so is intrinsically unfair."  We can give such remedy, rightly--but it is the injury for which remedy is given, not the skin color or sex.
This is a messy one. Personally I feel really bad for these people, they were led on by Obama to believe they were getting closer but in fact where not. This is why executive orders (on either side) should not be used to dictate legislation. All Sessions did is push the ball back to congress to decide on legislation, as it's really to role of congress to decide on things like this.   The cultural problem here is that young hispanics in general (not all but enough to appear on news and in articles) are not assimilating into "American" culture and recently have joined the camp of the SJWs, BLM, ANTIFA, etc... which will unfortunately make most of white America not care that people will be uprooted and kicked out, because white people in America see these as the very people that are trying to incite a race war by placing all their problems on whites. You won't see any such movement to expel the 100s of thousands of H1B/L1 Indians and Asians because they are not villainizing whites.
Yes, TMB. Because the Toronto white Anglo-Saxon Protestant Liberal perspective must automatically be invalid.
Make no mistake but that it's wrong, dreadful, tragic. Lock him up. Ship him back. I have no sympathy for him. Had he not been in San Fran, he would have been in LA or Phoenix. I'm puzzled because the outrage seems more bitter toward him that the many-times-convicted white guy who intentionally beats his wife to death or shoots his girlfriend. Or the yahoo who recently held the woman for four days. What's the diff? (and as I said, I do ignore DBA-GBA)
If he's white they would have mentioned it.
Your equation is an interesting one, and I agree with you that collapse is inevitable, but only if the status quo continues. Your conclusion is a very bleak one indeed, and not one I can agree with.  The one thing holding the masses back from voting for the opposition is the political mystique successive ANC administrations have created around the issue of whites, i.e. white supremacy, white monopoly capital, etc. and that this is represented by the DA.   The DA can dislodge this notion only through action. They should use the Metros they control as an example of change, not just by fighting corruption, but by uplifting the poor areas, using a more libertarian approach than the stock liberal capitalist approach.   We have a year and a bit to change people's minds, and get them to vote- not just abstain - for an alternative to the party which is stealing their future.  I am not a DA fan, but they have the best shot at present, if they could only exploit opportunities created by the ANC.
Following Mr. Martin's suggestion, I clicked his link to the CNN list of Trump's "57 Most Outrageous Quotes" from his speech in Arizona. Check these out quotes that, according to Mr. Martin, scale new heights in preposterousness:  1. "A lot of people in here, a lot of people pouring right now. They can get them in. Whatever you can do, fire marshals, we'll appreciate it." (CNN's comment- narcissism.)   2. "We all share the same home, the same dreams and the same hopes for a better future. A wound inflicted upon one member of our community is a wound inflicted upon us all." (CNN- Either Trump doesn't understand what he's saying or he's lying.)  3. "I didn't say I love you because you're black, or I love you because you're white, or I love you because you're from Japan, or you're from China, or you're from Kenya, or you're from Scotland or Sweden. I love all the people of our country." (CNN- He mentioned Kenya. Outrageous!)  Trump is correct. The media is biased against him.
.......which eventually allowed me to go to university where I balanced my schedule so I could work full time and attend school full time'  So does a vast majority of white, yellow and brown kids. No bearing on the residential school issues at all, nothing more than a sympathy whine.
"I have not found white lying to be the best path."  You may well be right. I thought that was the main theme of the excellent film and real life story of Florence Foster Jenkins. Meryl Streep's outstanding (as usual) performance really underscored the ultimate tragedy of carrying little white lies a step too far. In Jenkins' case, the end result was self-deception, and that's never a good thing.
Tom Pain; If you think that the bigoted beliefs of Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam are any better than those of the crazy Bundy family, then you really have a twisted vision of our world.  Have you even ever heard Farrakhan speak?   You should sometime.  You will hear him say things like this:  “You see everybody always talk about Hitler exterminating six million Jews. That’s right. But don’t nobody ever ask what did they do to Hitler.”  "White people are potential humans – they haven’t evolved yet."  “The Jews don’t like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler. Well, that’s a good name. Hitler was a very great man.”  The Nation of Islam is a small fringe organization in the USA, with less than 40,000 members.  Yet, Ali was a member and fully endorsed their extremist beliefs.  The renown Southern Poverty Law Center has a detailed article about their well documented extremism and racism.  Take a look:  https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/nation-islam
JJ1, I say nothing about curtailing First Amendment rights. It is MOST important that nonviolent free speech be protected. I very much worry that it would be the liberal voices that would be silenced first. My point is that there is no good, none in not condemning the white supremacists and Nazis and their anti-American hate for what it is. There is no good in creating a false equivalence. There is no good in turning the issue into just "violence" and saying, in effect both sides are "bad". It is easy to both condemn Nazis and condemn violence.
We miss the point if we think this whole discussion of "Black Lives Matter" is only about police brutality. It's not, that's only a part of the problem plaguing America. The underlying problem is that of White supremacy and Black Inferiority which is ingrained in the fabric of America and permeates our culture. This is a matter of cause and effect. The effect is the thing that we see, which is the topic of discussion. Now let's open up the dialogue as to cause which is rarely addressed.
I think no matter how it was portrayed it would attract criticism. However, the constant barrage and abuse of white anglo saxon protestants is getting on my nerves. Signed:  A proud WASP who contributed greatly, along with my brethren, to the great country this has become (no apologies needed)
Facebook Allowed Advertisers To Target ‘Jew Haters’.png Today, ProPublica published a bombshell report showing how Facebook allowed advertisers to select anti-semitic categories to target certain users. Facebook apparently has ad categories such as: *Jew Hater *How to burn Jews *History of why Jews ruin the world Really. Well, if you are trying to target groups of Nazis, White Nationalists or just super angry white guys who want to dress in matching polos and khakis while carrying tiki torches, you may want to select these categories. And Facebook is totally there for you! At the end of the day, Facebook is a business and their product is YOU, the user. They will take any money they can from advertisers, because that is their business - selling access to you. So if you are a Nazi, they will market that. And to the right company/group/political candidate/hostile foreign government working on behalf of a political candidate, that is what they are looking for - Nazis.
I would like to see that data.  I would expect that low income white kids graduate HS at lower level than middle and high income white kids, and go to college less frequently, and graduate less frequently.  As for the rest, I'll wait until the data is presented.
FDR and LBJ's first 100 days "set the standard"? You mean the imposition of the nanny/welfare state, in opposition to the principles of subsidiarity and distributism, keeping generations of folks--mostly inner city blacks and rural whites-- in the poverty cycle is the historical measuring stick? And no props to POTUS for reinstating Mexico City policy or appointing a SCOTUS who will presumably be as pro life and traditional marriage as Justice Scalia? You know, those little items which Holy Church teaches are to be our primary considerations when choosing elected officials. Only at NCR.
"Surely no one believes the thirteen white male Republican senators who scrabbled together their version of Trumpcare, in secret, thought even for a moment about doing the most good for the most Americans."  I would like to point out that men now get free feminine hygiene products. So there's that.  A soul crushing 32 million Americans will no longer have medical care.  We all know it's been repeal now and replace later. "Later" meaning never.  If Russia still has the House and Senate. The POTUS and the SCOTUS. The media. AKA "The 4th Estate". Neeto...  If you didn't watch Maddow last night, you should. It's frightening, terrifying and guttural as a Freddy Kruger flick. I don't scare easily, Maddows' show last night made me shiver.  http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show  Sean Spicers' A #1 mission at the first press conference was to hold up a picture with alot of people and the other picture of not many people. His job was to convince everyone Drumpfs crowd was bigger. A#1
Trump does not have to worry about losing the white supremacist and hate group vote .............. they are his base and don't have anywhere else to go
That's right, 82% of white homicide victims are killed by other whites.  The black percent of homicides committed by other blacks just dropped from 90% to 89%.  The white percent of the population is about 64%; the black percentage of the population is about 17%.  But the homicide numbers are about the same, which means blacks are killing each other nearly five times faster.  Now, I'm aware that blacks are often unfairly discriminated against.  "Driving while black" and all that.  It's not fair.  I get that.  But the reality is that the statistics contribute to the discrimination.  The blacks have a cultural issue among their own that they need to deal with, and who better to address than football stars?  I'm not aware of a White Lives Matter movement, are you?
Bernie Sanders' school of economics: any and all small business must equal "corporate greed" and those who have no knowledge of starting a business or economics must know better than those who do.  Norway is all homogenous, white, and places value on family and education. You must be racist for espousing we do the same.
Yeah, I guess you dont have any problems buying your ticket, paying for a hotel and then land in, lets say, Mexico and they turn you right around because youre, I dont know, white male and they dont want you, youre not welcome.   It boggles the mind the asinine comments people make on here.    SMDH
"Meanwhile, the real America and Catholics love this president."  So only whites are "real Americans"?
Your lack of self-awareness when your "stats" are thoroughly dismantled is something to behold.  You went silent on the white on white vs black on black thread you were also incorrect on. White on white homicide rate is 81%. Black on black is 90%. Which is higher?
With all due respect to Mr Milner, it's always very dangerous treading into the waters of defining what sets locals vs haole apart when the writer is a self proclaimed "outsider". The fact that he is Jewish and bluntly inferring that fact sets him apart from other haole, is misguided and self serving.  That aside, there is no magic number of years your duration of residence is that allows you to comment on what the "common belief" is no matter how ingratiating. Here on Maui we have a grossly magnified sense of entitlement from most haole. Most, even those born and raised, have no footing in local ways or perspective when it comes to the white oppression foisted daily, and thru history, upon us or anyone of color.   As far as the suggestion of "being informed outsiders", how about a suggestion instead of a deferential attitude and quit trying to define us with a limited awareness of history. And, in my strong agreement with the writer, stop trying to appropriate a culture not your own.
Why is it so horrible to hate people based on race, but to hate people based on their poverty is acceptable?   For example, a rare demonstration by a white supremacist group causes an enormous uproar of shock and disapproval; but the everyday vilification of Donald Trump's supporters, millions of them unemployed and on welfare, Hillary Clinton's "basket of deplorables", is perfectly good.   It's absolutely not a problem to ignore the homeless but ignore an ethnic minority and one could incite the ire of the "inclusiveness police".   All sorts of wisecracks about people existing on welfare are perfectly fine, but don't dare say anything anti-Semitic about a Jewish person.   Hatred of the poor is the hidden hate and it probably causes more harm to more people than racist hate.   Why the double standard?
The only police shootings that I have seen that I might agree with you on are the one from, I think it was Florida, where a police officer shot a fleeing man in the back and this latest one of the man in Minnesota. That would be it. As far as your often stated claim about how many have been shot by police, you are aware that most of the people shot by police are white?
what a "feel good" story. just wondering, what if ewe were to organize a  white student union?
MA:  Don't  forget to add that it was those same white guys that saved the whales, sea otters and walrus from extinction.
I would posit that these same individuals that boo in the stands at the players protest also deride white Hollywood actors that speak up on social issues.   I don't believe it is a race issue for the fans; rather Social Justice Warriors try to make it into one.    Plus until such time as issues such as this (and our FN issue) can be plainly spoken about and not protected in a weird PC bubble it is all a farce to be ignored.     We talk about the poverty of our FN peoples but are not allowed to talk about their role in it.   As that is wrong for some strange reason.   We talk about racism against black  people but are not allowed to talk about the violence in say Baltimore and are always expected to believe it is entirely a societal constraint or the root cause.   While that is undoubtedly true to a point...when a young man fires a gun, that is on him alone and not society....    Let's have an open and honest conversation sometime.
Examples please of Trump being a white supremacist?
‘At least two Quebecers who attended white supremacist rally in Charlottesville identified.’ So what? Does this mean they might lose their jobs? Could the G&M be liable for harassment with this report?
Wow these Nazi White Supremacist guys don't mess around... carrying guns and don't hesitate to use them. Scary dudes...
Chris in Ottawa,  Are you KIDDING me?  I mean that: Are you KIDDING me?  The non-Chinese girl in question called the woman the "C----K" word, a word that is, for Asian folks, in the same vein as a black woman getting called the "N" word....  ... and YOU come on the board to preach about racism among Chinese people?  Are you kidding me, Chris?  Hey, when the comedian, who played "Kramer" on Seinfeld, went on a tirade at a night club and yelled "N-N-N!!!" at a group of black folks, did you rush here to the boards to point out that black folks are often racist and that the complaints of those black folks might reflect their own racism against white people?  You just jumped the shark, dude.  Seriously!
Just because Kellie Leitch advertises in a white supremacist website is no reason to suggest...... oh wait, yes it does.
Yup, Jason, currently about 60-70% of American colleges are composed of white students according to the US Department of Education. They're really getting "shafted" alright. Your attempt at fake grievance and portraying supporting affirmative action as some kind of attack on "white people" is weak and unconvincing when faced with facts.
I guess the Lebanese muslim PhD student at Concordia who called in a phony anti-Muslim bomb threat at that university was also Trump's fault? Or the Somalian guy in Edmonton video-taped putting white supremacist pamphlets in people's mailboxes?  Some of these race-based threats are genuine and need to be dealt with severely, but a lot of them are phony ploys by sick leftists who want to further cleave society along ethnic lines. Both groups of people are totally sick.
As an ex-Calgarian I followed the election closely in the Post, Herald and G&M. I'm also in regular communication with many people who live there. I never read an anti Nenshi comment that hinted at his colour or religion, nor did I hear a related comment from any friends. The only thing close to racism that I read about were regular references to his opponent as "another old white guy".   And of course, Nenshi's complaints about racism.
Chief Justice 101: I suspect some of the changes that are coming will bitchslap that gleeful tone right out of you. Don't believe me? That's okay. Let's sit back and see how this plays out. Americans refuse to do the homework of understanding how virtually ANYTHING (science, legislative process, history, world commodity markets) works - so now they will have to learn the hard way. You may not be LGBTQ, or on OHP, or a "minority" (enjoy that white privilege  while it lasts! 2040 it'll be gone and you'll just be another Caucasian American in a sea of Americans) or a student or a person with retirement savings or someone who will lose control over their reproductive rights (or who just needs a mammogram or prenatal care)  but trust me, this will hit you where you live soon. *True story:  the only thing keeping America from being great are folks like you.
Lets end the "political correctness" and tell the truth about this nations history of being founded as a white racist nation. We should know much more of how that history still effects us every minute of every day. Maybe the folks complaining about "political correctness" don't know much about that part of our history. White supremacy is one of the founding principles of the nation. It effects us to this day. The Electoral College was created to support race based slavery.  I guess that history could hurt the feelings of some white folks. Some of them are just too sensitive and thin skinned for the truth.
"I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."  David Duke today in Charlottesville where a terrorist ran down protesters.
What does it matter if he is black or white or brown or male or female or what you feel your gender is at the moment?
The Stanford rapist, Brock Turner, I don't know if you remember, but his father wrote a letter to the judge. Obviously, a man has a right to ask for leniency for this kids, but this guy's letter made him sound like the most condescending, clueless, overprivileged, elitist prick white guy around. The letter was about how this all inconvenienced the family, and people should feel bad because Brock won't be swimming in the Olympics, and denying this white boy his dream was the tragedy. It's funny, bro, arguing with you, I feel like you are a low-grade version of that father. Same authoritarian edge, only the edge isn't as sharp.
Can I cross the street without native consultation? After all, there might be an super rare arrow head buried somewhere under there.  This is 100% obstructionism because they want to stick it to the white man. That's all it's ever about.
1) You are absolutely right. Lincoln was a Republcan and a geniune hero.  I am sorry that you didn't cite him, instead of trying to tie Kennedy to your party...my soul shivers.   2) This statement makes absolutely no sense -"Think again Nixon brought in the voters that were disgusted that the Democrats brought to the table like the KKK, Jim Crow in the south." So there were white Southerns, Democrats all, who marched with MLK? 3)"A hallmark of the Conservative agenda is preserving the Constitution, something the Democrats have tried to dismantle ever since it was written."....prove that.  What part of the Constitution are the Democrats currently trying to dismantle?  Republicans have Moore running for the Senate in Alabama who consistentily disobeyed federal law in regard to the 14th amendment.  Moore insisted on putting the Protestant Ten Commendments in a place of honor and refused to let his staff issue marriage licenses to gay couples - in direct violation of their civil rights.
I support my white culture  - I introduce people from different cultural backgrounds to the food, music, literature, etc of my history.  It has never included suprematism, violence, subrogation of others in order to keep and share my "white culture".  These people are NOT trying to keep their white culture,  they are trying to actively suppress other cultures and pretend it's about keeping their own.  I don't do anything that I would be ashamed or worried about my face being identified and broadcast to family, friends, employers or general public.
She seems to know everything (and I mean everything)  about how not to get elected but absolutely nothing about how to get elected.  She just insulted her purest base, white women, saying their men told them who to vote for.  This book tour is a comedy tour.  The Excuse Tour.  It is something new everyday. She has an imagination, I will give her that.  But can we imagine running a white house with excuses like this?  Saturday Night Live where are you when we need you the most?!?
The issue isn't abortion but sex selection. Abort if the woman is not ready for a child, but do not sex select since Canada needs both men and women if it is to have a future. A community with just men is not going to be too thriving and counting on white Canadian women to marry these guys may be wishing too much.
Please show us the attacks that weren't reported then,.  The White House was unable to do so - can you?
Chump change, thats what the inept Spending Commission fined White.This is a joke just like the members of the Campaign Spending Commission. Of course these guys are more than willing to pay this little fine. Yup Caldwell and White certainly did make out. Oh yea Can you find Waldo ( Doug Chin) after all he is probably hiding somewhere waiting to challenge Trump and continue to neglect his responsibilities to our citizens here in Hawaii .
It was in response to a racist post implying mass shooters were a white male phenomenon.
Has Obama EVER placed blame on a perp?  Never.  He blames guns.  He blames rhetoric.  Now he blames cops by telling them they need to admit their racism.    Here's the problem..... According to the US Department of Justice, blacks accounted for 52.5% of homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008, with whites 45.3% and "Other" 2.2%. The offending rate for blacks was almost 8 times higher than whites, and the victim rate 6 times higher.   It's no mystery why blacks are over-represented in our jails and prisons, when they are over-represented in criminal activity.  Obama is the one who needs to admit what the problem is.
“No one is saying the president is not leading. There’s a lack of leadership on one side of Pennsylvania Avenue,” Bossie said.---To be exact, he is leading us in the wrong path replete with comments that divide races and destroy any sense of stability in our country. He needs to be removed from office as he is not only toxic but undermines what this great nation has achieved in equal rights and opportunities. He says there are good people in the white supremacist movement. In what universe is that possible except in his mind? He has shown his true colors and they're not red, white and blue. He has made our country the laughingstock of the world. How much longer can we tolerate such incompetence and downright immaturity in the office of the president of the United States? This president is a walking disaster, literally.
Maybe he can stay in America, I heard the whites here clapping for Donald too...#MAGA
Hmm... Well.  Physically, Mr. Obama certainly resembles the black race more than the white - that may add to the recognition of him as black more than white.  He also obviously sees himself that way - he identifies himself as African American, not biracial.
*Citation needed. Classical liberal does not equal modern "liberal progressive."  You guys should make up your minds. Was this country "founded on slavery by white supremacists" or by "liberal progressives"?
Two U.S. Presidents turned away from previous offers of annexation until the third, President McKinley, wanted to accept this one.  But, it first had to be accepted by Congress.  If he sought to have it approved only by the Senate it would require a 2/3rds vote majority.  McKinley wasn't sure if he had enough votes to do that. Yes the "petition" out there but given little weight, but racist white people in the Southern States were somewhat against allowing a mostly brown skin state, with an additional Asian issue into the Union.  So, after discussion with Congressional leadership he decided to use the Congressional-Executive Agreement method of approval that would require 50% plus one vote by both the House and the Senate, and signed by the President. Most recently Bill Clinton used this method to pass the NAFTA treaty during his administration.   To everyone's surprise the vote in the House was 209-91 (way over 2/3rds) approval, and 42-21 in the Senate (exactly 2/3rds majority).
Do you really want to talk about data and facts? The fact is that the criminal rate of blacks is 3 times higher than any other race. Blacks are 6 times more likely to commit murder than a non-black and 12 times more likely to murder someone of another race than to be murdered by someone of another race. In 2013, of the approximately 660,000 crimes of interracial violence that involved blacks and whites, blacks were the perpetrators 85 percent of the time. This meant a black person was 27 times more likely to attack a white person than vice versa. It's no wonder police are on edge particularly where it concerns young black males. Yes black lives matter and we certainly don't want to see situations where someone like Charles Kinsey in Miami is shot while complying with police instructions with his hands up. But let's be real and acknowledge the real facts and try to work on real solutions. It starts with an intact family and a focus on education, I can't say it enough.
Mr. Eastman: My father was a member of the unit that built the highway.  Yes, there were all white units that built the highway.  But they started in Canada and built north, while the all black units started in Alaska and built south.  The white communities in Canada did not want black soldiers in their towns. Of course, the black soldiers endured the tougher conditions, with no communities.  So why was it ok for black soldiers to be segregated, but it's not ok to honor them?
The posters who are so "offended" by this column and, undoubtedly by Tabitha Southey's column as well, have proven the point of both beyond anything either could have done. It seems the most fragile members of society are those poor white males (and their enablers) who just cannot believe that women, who are, by the way, the actual majority in Canada, are smarter, stronger and completely unwilling to meekly "lie down and take one for the team" in any way at all. Apparently, these alt-educated "Proud Boys" and their ilk, a pouty bunch, cannot believe they really were not divinely ordained to run the planet and would like to 'splain why that should have been so with the help of alt-history and sheer hatred toward women, minorities and anyone with a modicum of intelligence. Newsflash: we're all done with you. I assume you'll be calling names and talking "safe spaces" now, right?
Yes, of course -- more Republican racial gerrymandering, all that's left to the American right these desperate days. Who could forget how the KKK and white supremacists groups openly celebrated Trump's fraudulent victory.
At the core of the debate is the idea that one group of people get to decide what personhood is for another group of people.  Today it's women get to decide personhood. In the 1860s it was white men.  Progressive idea, yes?
Funniest thing I've read all week (except the story of the white supremacists who, in an effort to prove their "purity" taking DNA tests and angrily rejecting the findings that 2/3 of them have African or DNA that suggests Jewish ancestry, then angrily rejecting science), and I needed a little humor after the flame-throwing disaster of the trump administration and their shenanigans this week. The man with the look of the chronic alcoholic, who is the "brains" of the administration, has managed to convince the basket of deplorables that they matter, while laughing about them in private.
The most prominent non-Caucasian of the last couple of centuries that I can think of is Mao Tse Tung. Going back several centuries further, the same part of the world produced Kublai and Genghis Khan. Mahatma Gandhi was technically Caucasian, but non-white. Another Indian who is less well-known than he should be was Ramanujan, the mathemician. Very few non-whites have done anything significant in science or technology in the last several hundred years, so it's not surprising that the lists tend to be white.
In terms of the GOP dying a "demographic death", don't count on it.  Even with Trump as the standard bearer, the GOP got more Hispanic and Asian votes this time than last time.  Hispanics are generally culturally conservative family values people.  As their incomes rise, you will see larger numbers of them move to the Republican side.  Asians are already seeing affirmative action quotas make it harder to get their children into the top universities - and don't like it.  They will also inter-marry with whites more.  Already happening.  Can easily see the day when 50% of Asian Americans are Republicans.
"When his supporters start to be disillusioned, Rodrik fears Trump may react to any criticism by intensifying his identity politics. "  Of course he will. That's what fascist leaders always do when things go awry - scapegoat some unpopular group: Muslims, Mexicans, gays, you name it - whatever works. That way the (white) rubes who foolishly believed that Trump would save them from the "evils" that a Hillary Clinton presidency would bring won't have to look in the mirror and blame themselves when blaming an unpopular group is so much easier. Hitler had the Jews, Trump will have, well, we'll just have to wait and see. But mark my word, there will be scapegoats one way or another. Anything to avoid confronting the real truth: that the GOP is all about propping up the 1% at everyone else's expense and Trump is all about lining his own pockets with as much gold as he can possibly stuff inside them. The rubes were played for fools and we'll all have to suffer for it, some more than others.
If that's so, Larry, why are the vast majority of Trump's supporters white?  Isn't everyone being lied to?  So why isn't everyone supporting Trump?
I for one am sick and tired of corruption and secrecy. Tired of being told by this President that because I am a white man I am a racist SOB that deserves to be kicked to the curb of history. Mr Trump has my vote, and it is my fervent desire that he reverses every executive order this President has issued from his 1st day in office.
Black people are in all walks of life, doctors ,teachers, sports, business owners, movies, blue collar, white collar and you name it. They talk good or bad about themselves and often it's not particularly nice so what's the deal? Can't they be talked to like there is no barrier or is there a barrier that want to put up. What is the problem, would it go away if all of the white people took their way of life, thoughts and whatever so what is supposed to be done? Are there two ways to act depending on what company you keep if so what is the suggested way to act in biracial company? Seems awful complicated so what's going to simplify it?
That is pretty funny.....since that story is what it is, just a story. It really doesn't matter what the Confederate flag meant during the Civil War. We don't live in that time period anymore. What matter is what the flag means today. All your arguments were used prior by neo-Confederates trying to rewrite the truth. And you forget that the most die-hard soldiers of the Confederacy were not the slave owners or plantation bosses, but simple poor white  whose lives were so miserable, most Union soldiers who were in the south could not understand why these men would fight so hard. The answer is, these poor miserable whites, would have no one to look down upon, if blacks were not there as slave. They did not understand that slavery put them in such a belittled state and by removing it, they too could rise as history proven. All they can see, was the color of the skin, that no matter how mean and low you are, as a white, you stand above all blacks. Racism, kept these men fighting.
Yeah, u r right white media's campaigns are really made to misguides the innocent people of our country....
Older white men have to eat and also frequent restaurants. Since I will generate an "eye-roll" if I cross one of Jen's thresholds,  thanks for the warning to go elsewhere.
Go to their website.  It's a hate group for the left  The NAACP?  Watch their shows.     Watch their meetings.    Filled with hate and rhetoric against white peoples.   Btw, I'm Indian, so don't pull the racist hate card, eh?  Just don't drink your kind of koolaid.
Well....I used "white  sycophants" already in my previous comment. Most of the protesters are white and most of them are radical hired help. But if you are offended, Mike, I do apologized.
Courage and character is doing what's "right" because it's RIGHT, not because you're finally pressured into doing it.  Decency and character are reflected in what you do when you know that no one is looking.  Leadership is stepping forward FIRST and taking a public stand....even one which might be unpopular.  Trump tried to "have it both ways"......to mouth opposition to violence without condemning the purveyers of that racist hate and violence by name and, thereby, possibly alienating part of his base.  It didn't work real well as he was forced by a crescendo of public ourcry to do what he should have done "on his own".  Actions of character, dignity and courage come from within...Trump's belated acknowledgement of the hate purveyed by the ault-right, the white supremacists and the white nationalists came from pressure from the OUTSIDE. That's a huge and important difference.  Gary Crum
Trump threw his White billionaire NFL buddies under the bus in his ongoing effort to widen the racial divide. It may sound crazy but it turns out you can't own people of color in 2017. The NFL is older than that song by eleven years.
flat, white
Summer of 2016.  Okay both of you understand the rules of the election, Correct?    Candidate A (the novice politician): "Yes"   Candidate B (the Smartest woman in America and Maybe the world): : "Of course" (snortle, cackle)!  Remember I use to live in the White House.     Summer of 2017.  Candidate B: "But I won 3 million more popular votes!  I deserve to be President and the reason I am not is because everybody else is to blame. Read the book if you don't believe me it explains what happened. "
what is "white" though?
Aided and abetted by the French.  At the very least indirectly and in an unplanned way, through white man disease brought by the early French.  Champaign made note of it in his reports. The Huron were weakened enough that the Iroquois could win their inter-tribal warfare.
I don't have a narrative. The title of the story "Close Gender Pay Gap" is misleading and I am trying to ply away the opaque and offer a clearer picture of reality. I don't believe women are steered into lower paying jobs, they have a choice. Who is doing the steering? Is there an evil white, male committee telling women they must be bakers instead of bankers? Why not show job by job comparisons? Because it wouldn't be a story.
Well now, Frederick, let's see...you want to kill all cats and all people that like animals, over-privileged white people, and a whole slew of other categories.  I would hate to live in the world that you seem to want to create...I can clearly see why "survival of the cutest" would be threatening to you.
Depending on which criteria are used, Tichenor's assertion that '...Americans have always celebrated their immigrant history..." may be a stretch.  Specifically E.G.: 1. "The impacts on the rainbow portions of President Barack Obama’s winning 2008 coalition of Arizona’s, & many other states' ongoing illegal alien & other problematics, may be more completely documented after a systematic review of these peoples' roles in the so called Post Racial America.", 2. "Students of America's Post Racialism's rules posit that race, class, gender, sexuality, & nationality are used as explications for the dominant group's in place structurally hegemonic systems.", 3. "Irrespective of epoch, or authors' country of origin, American history is littered with abundant examples of reprehensibly demeaning treatments of persons of color as "Others”., & 4. Characterizations of Obama as being a "“...Kenyan mack daddy...[&] long-legged pimp of white women." Cf.: "The Myths Surrounding a Post-Racial America".
The harshness of the prosecution (and therefore the sentence) has a lot to do with race.  Use has to do with escape in a lot of cases.  Of course, blacks are in urban areas, not rural, although the drugs are shipped through the cities (except Oxy).  My point is that much of it has nothing to do with race, hence the mention of whites.
I think the increase in race and religion based harassment can be traced directly to President Trump. He spent his whole campaign mainstreaming hate, and making it acceptable. That's why the white nationalists endorsed him.  It it had been a Muslim on that train harassing young women, then killing people who stepped in, I guarantee Trump would have called it something stronger than "unacceptable. "
Dr. King repeatedly faced the charge that he was not "patient" enough. This was the subject of his "Letter from Birmingham Jail", where he answered a group of white clergy who accused him of impatience. As for myself, I find it hard to imagine how you could accuse an African-American leader of impatience after more than 300-plus years of brutal white supremacy in the Americas.   And you're misconstruing my point about violence and civil rights movement.   What I was saying was quite specific: that after Brown v the Board. the federal government repeatedly backed civil rights movement with organized military and police violence; Jim Crow racists did not surrender when confronted with the superior moral and physical courage of non-violent demonstrators. They also had to back down from, for example, Eisenhower's use of federal troops to integrate the Little Rock schools, and Kennedy's military suppression of white supremacists at Ole Miss in '62.
Yes, it can be done. The Globe posting board many years ago used to have some interesting debates. Many years ago!  After all, there are Democrats who talk to Republicans, Liberals to Conservatives. Personally, if I limited myself to having only friends who share my ideals I would not have many friends.   But we also know there are those who wish to degrade conversation and institutions and will use every uncivil method to accomplish that purpose. A large segment of the population seems to have moved beyond legitimate cynicism to nihilism. While I view the white supremacists/neo-Nazis as fringe, the nihilists are deep and abundant. Political nihilism is far more the frightening prospect for the future.
We can't continually accept such apathy -- why weren't these TTC 'security' guys trained to the most basic standards when these jobs were introduced? Does it always take these video-caught incidents for these men to figure out these jobs require specific skills?   Having authority over the public can't be just a bastion of employment for under-educated, un-trained mostly white men any longer in Toronto. The public rightly expects far more intelligence and skill.
Let's see  . . . the R-G pointed out one anti-Semitic example, one Confederate flag example, and one White Pride example (might be an overlap, might not).  Then they discuss how to deal with "hate" in general.  Then 007 crawls inside their collective minds and proceeds to tell us what they do and do not know about an intangible emotion like "hate".    Good thing 007 knows what REAL hate is, and it has but one source.  We're talkin' objectivity that is off the charts, folks!
The Huff did more than not check sources and stats: it published a hate-speech message that was simply barbaric (strip white men of their political rights in order to strip them of their assets and income). The blog was published because - presumably - it resonated with the secret desires of the Huff's decision tree, and then defended when exposed. Karyn covers this up.
60% of white, non-Latino, Catholics voted for Trump. Trump won because he carried Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Ohio, all states with a high percentage of white Catholics. (The South was a sure thing.) No matter how hard they try, NCR, America magazine et al are not going to be successful in revising the history of the 2016 election.
Yes...and Scheer's policy if enacted would allow Holocaust Deny-ers like Ernst Zundel back to podiums all over the country in the name of "free speech".  I can just see all the far right/fascist/white supremacists salivating over this and writing their vitriol already.
Your piece made me read the offending blog and Pillay's response to criticism. Pillay makes the claim that Garland's "analysis" per se, should not be a cause for surprise. She then ventures to suggest that the cause of surprise lies "in a poor reading of the article." Well blow me down! It is Pillay's reading of the article that is pathetically poor - it is patent nonsense that belongs only in an editor's bin. She then goes on to state - twice - the blindingly obvious fact that the dismantling of patriarchy entails the transfer of power away from men. Her second flourish on this theme has all the finesse of a ham and a fist, and only charity could prevent reading it not as an endorsement of the silly suggestion that white men should be disenfranchised and have their assets confiscated. Advise Verashni to resign. She should find employment in a role for which she has more of the requisite aptitude. I will boycott Huffpost if she stays.
Rogue Chimp's comment was civil and in no way contravened the forum rules. But it was enlightening. It used the identical words spoken here against Muslims, but replaced Muslims with White Christians. You can imagine that got a lot of response from the bigots.
Virginia?  The attack in Reston, VA has been deemed by Reston's police department to be not a hate-motivated attack but an incident of road rage committed.  And the perpetrator was an illegal alien from El Salvador, i.e. not a white person, but a non-white hispanic.  Xenophobic terror? Gimme a break.  Please get your facts straight.  For those of you who wasted 10 minutes reading this article, please keep in mind, this is the level of rigour this author typically writes with. The next time a terror attack happens, you can bet this author will write up another sentimental screed. You'd do yourself good by disregarding her subsequent screed.
The Republicans can't defeat Hillary Clinton. They need help from Democrats and Democratic-leaning Independents.  They need the people in the inner cities who're thinking, "Uh, I don't know. I don't really want to vote for some old white woman. If I can't vote for Obama, I'm just not going to vote."  They need the Bernie Bro who's thinking, "I'll never vote for her! I wanted Bernie! I'm going to vote for Gary Johnson. I don't care that Johnson is a Libertarian who doesn't even think the government should provide Medicare or Pell Grants. I just like him better!"  They the Bernie Bro's girlfriend who's thinking, "Ewww! She's old! She's wrinkled! She yells! She's not cool like Bernie! I'm a feminist, but I just can't vote for an old wrinkled woman. It wouldn't be cool!"  The Republicans are counting on those people. Unless they stay home, Donald Trump will never be President.
Well, Springfield is 85.9% white and  Eugene is 85.8%, What were you expecting?
She can state her opinion and couch it as such.  As to facts, a blanket indictment of all white males has no relationship to fact. She did not couch it as satire so we have to assume it is her opinion, made from the pulpit of a U of H faculty position. Again, had a white male on the U of H facultly made such a statement about black females, it is a pretty safe bet that he would be fired or facing serious disciplinary measures.
John Again, you are on another planet... maybe the same smug one as Justin pretty boy T who thinks we are all concerned about soft external stuff like the environment and human rights when its more about the economy and its eroding state...  As for your assessment of our economy and the value of immigration we are not far behind the USA in terms of our dissatisfaction and just like the US the white folks will vote more to the right in small towns and lesser cities that have become a form of rest belt once they don’t see action from the current squad in power.  Yes, we are buffered by the resource sector but unless that turns around we must rely on a continuously weaker manufacturing base that still. sheds jobs. Also, we have a huge problem with youth unemployment and under employment.  Get ready for a same Trump game as the USA and as usual for Canada will lag by a few years... but it will track.
Glad to see , they are off the streets, this kind of senseless random violence is the worst. My question to the gentlemen who made the reference about why so many black people are incarcerated, is how would it be any less senseless if it was white on black, or brown on black or white on white? It's these types of irresponsible comments that keeps America polarized. The real question is how do we prevent this type of senseless violence, not the color of their but the act of aggression.
Ms. Demboski used bad sources and innuendo that has led to threats against this family and won't apologize or recant. Whereas white supremacists have been stockpiling weapons in several locations in Alaska, including a particularly dangerous group that has had a chapter stockpiling weapons in the Valley since at least 2010, which the FBI may or may not publicly confirm, but I know did privately confirm to someone they had a working relationship with. I wonder if Ms. Demboski can be linked to any of those groups.
The complaints from white Republicans about political correctness started about the same time black folks started demanding equal rights with white folks. Their complaints exploded when Obama was elected. White Americans had never "had" to be polite to any black person before his election. They want the white privilege they claim does not exist. They do not want to be equal to black folks. They think they are superior to black folks. The good news is that not all white people are white racists. That is particularly true about younger white folks. The future is bright for the USA.
"White privilege" is liberalspeak meant to divide America. Barack Hussein Obama is the epitome of black privilege.  1st repost! [Some snowflake in here didn't like this and took it down.]
CK:  I see.  You don't live in Alaska do you?  There are two sides to the story you seem to only see one.  It was those "white men" who saved the gray whale from extinction,  right?
There is no evidence that being a white male makes a person a better judge.  And yet they were grossly over-represented on the bench and grossly over-represented in the appointments made by prior federal governments.  Does that mean that being best-qualified meant nothing to those previous governments?
The only person who would think the distribution ratio of enslavement has any logical connection to the consequences for a nation that refuses to fully acknowledge and account for its sins would be a white supremacist trying to make the irrational into reason.  You need to find a new shtick. Genocide isn't "okay" because some of the survivors overcome despite your best efforts to the contrary.
“if it were not for the millions of white men who gave their lives in World War II"  Haha, I'm pretty sure white supremacists are the ones who lost this war.
We're not talking about white males in England - we're talking about white males in 'Murika. Whole different animal.
"Now, the actual policies of the Republicans, whether it’s Paul Ryan or Donald Trump, to the extent that he’s coherent, Ted Cruz, you pick him, or the establishment, is basically enrich and empower the very rich and the very powerful and the corporate sector.  You cannot get votes that way.  So therefore the Republicans have been compelled to turn to sectors of the population that can be mobilized and organized on other grounds, kind of trying to put to the side the actual policies, hoping, the establishment hopes, that the white working class will be mobilized to vote for their bitter class enemies, who want to shaft them in every way, by appealing to something else, like so-called social conservatism—you know, abortion rights, racism, nationalism and so on." Noam Chomsky on the Republican party today http://theintellectualist.co/noam-chomsky-todays-gop-might-be-most-dangerous-organization-in-human-history/
What if Justin Trudeau, a Roman Catholic, wore a large crucifix outside of this clothing? - He would lose a lot of votes Don't you know Catholic bashing is allowed  Political correctness does not protect Catholics or Whites both can be attacked
Giving land ownership as in property rights to black people is actually a proposal of the Free Market Foundation. Check out their Khaya Lam project, which is designed to give black people title deeds to their land by means of donations from well, white monopoly capital mostly.
I don't doubt that some police are racist, or that some prosecutors are racist. What I know from many years' first-hand experience is that those police are rare. No matter how you slice it, a defendant gets convicted only by his own hand (a guilty plea) or a conviction by jury. In big cities, which is where most of the crime we're talking about occurs, most jurors are black.    I long for the day when the incidence of violent crime---and I include in that category major drug offenses---is the same regardless of race.  It was never enjoyable to see a man sentenced to prison for decades. God created us with dignity, to be free. Decent people are greatly saddened by that, and speak honestly.  Until blacks and whites start looking honestly at what has happened to a rather large sub-part of the black race in America, black men will continue their tragic trajectory to life in prison.  It may feel good to blame it all on race, but whites' feeling good does nothing for blacks.
White males are hired less in the DOE regardless of ability in Honolulu district...and other sought after areas..some principals are very fair,  some are not....many are hired from the mainland through Teach for America and placed  in hard to fill rural areas and SPED. Students and staff often don't identify  as being white/haole (Portuguese) or part white even when they are. People will naturally hire people they are familiar with so a lot of it can happen subconsciously. Yea, I know wah wah
Just as President Obama's election brought to the surface the latent racism of a large chunk of the electorate, so the possible election of the first woman president has brought to the fore the latent sexism of an even larger segment of the population.   I suspect that the number of people who think that a woman is not "constitutionally fit" to be president by virtue of her hormonal structure is larger than most people imagine. The people who believe this simply aren't voicing that opinion out loud for fear of being correctly labelled sexist.   We think we've evolved as a people, but deep down many haven't, and when the world evolves without them, some people feel left behind and start lashing out the way a child does when it doesn't understand why it feels the way it does. This is what fuels the anger of white men who feel left behind. They're lashing out in the voting booth - they just haven't processed that on a conscious level. For everyone's sake I wish they would - and fast!
William: There was no direct reference to blacks (even though she later apologized for the inference.) She was talking about all gangs. White, black, hispanic. Here's what Hillary said:   "But we also have to have an organized effort against gangs. Just as in a previous generation we had an organized effort against the mob. We need to take these people on. They are often connected to big drug cartels, they are not just gangs of kids anymore. They are often the kinds of kids that are called superpredators — no conscience, no empathy. We can talk about why they ended up that way, but first, we have to bring them to heel."  It honestly sounds like something Donald would say.
It varies depending on the time of the day, how long I was outdoors, how much I had to drink, and how many whites I've laughed at.
Your attempt to recast Trump’s feeble initial statements won’t fly.  It fails for lack of reason, rationality and intellectually honesty.  His words followed a white supremacist protest where nazis and counter-protesters clashed, and one person died.  If he meant to engage a debate on the removal of confederate statues that should have been easy to do, even for someone as inarticulate and irrational as Trump.  Moreover, he has had all the opportunity in the world to clarify his initial remarks and rather than present the issue you claim he is positing, he reiterates the "fine people" amidst the nazis assertion.  Media coverage has the ability to shade our perception of events, but when it is simply reporting what is said the fault lies with the speaker.  Trump told us during the campaign that he had all the best words.  I wonder when he'll start using them.
These businesses made a move indicating, and thereby have made clear, they do not want to be associated with Trump's White Supremacist coddling views and approaches.  What about Trump's staff?  How likely is it that any can land jobs with those companies?  How much "bad publicity" do those companies get if they hire former Trump Admin officials who stand with Trump, or worse try to spin or justify his conduct,  during this period?  The CEOs, although likely motivated most by "business" interests, have nonetheless taken a moral stand that is viewed as imperative by America (including its customers, its employees and its shareholders).  Would any of those groups - customers, employees and/or shareholders - look kindly with thier pocket books or voices upon one of those companies hiring a prominent Trump loyalist?  Trump is even ruining his staffs' futures in ways no President has before him.    Stand with Trump?  Possibly, VERY possibly, tainted forever.
Nice frickin' try. He was a good ol' white christian boy.   Hey, why aren't you denouncing his crimes?
Take notice how the supporters and defenders of the white supremacists (including Trump) are trying to make this about violence. Yes, the violence has to be dealt with, but the ISSUE here, folks, is white nationalists and neo-nazis spewing their racist, anti-semitic hate. There is no middle ground here. There is no equivalency. On one side you have people who want to purge America of Jews, minorities, and immigrants, just as the Nazis in Germany attempted to do in their country. On the other side you have people who are against that. The fact that violence erupts does not in any way make the two sides somehow equivalent. One right and one is wrong. By not condemning the wrong, you are supporting it, accepting it, enabling it; it's that simple. Which side are you on? Which side is our president on?
Sad to see that the NAACP is trying to withdraw Free Speech from a white man.  We all have free speech or none of us do.  FYI:  Trump only did was SC wanted.  Sounds to me like the NAACP is just trying to be relevant while coming off racist.
Re Ozawa: "the first African-American president"  It seems to me that there is something vaguely racist about referring to someone who is Hapa as  African-American.  Wouldn't it be more accurate to call him Hapa white-black, or Hapa Euro-Afro.?
You seem to think white guys are superior to other guys. Why is that?
Thank the GODDESS for that little tid bit of good news Elizabeth!! I know the last thing I want to see when I go to Europe is white European men walking around chattering away in their native imperialist languages. They should all be banished to Russia so Putin can look after them. He is basically the King of the PARTIARCHY so they'll fit right in. I'm feeling so TRIGGERED thinking about white men and Putin right now, I need to go eat some Haagan Daas and Italian Supreme pizza so I can calm down.
Monte,  If I've been "overly influenced" by anything it has been by seeing the power of God at work and enjoying the blessing of participating with Him in doing His work.   The issue with "social justice" is simply this: Will we do the work God wants us doing in His power, or in the power of men who are diametrically opposed to Him? "Social justice" is based on Socialism/Communism and using the power of law to subjugate all faith in God to the rule of man. Measure the results already caused by the advocates of "social justice" in society, all the division between groups, promoting the concept of "white privilege," endorsing disregard for the laws that keep society safe, advocating the murder of police, justifying rioting to "get what I am owed," etc. It is hard to find a greater contrast with the teachings of Jesus.
Here's something that shouldn't but continues to astound me.  The Republican party touts itself as that party of the average American yet three of the four last presidential candidates were all born rich white men.  Also, each time tax cuts came up it was mostly been to the benefit of the rich and corporations and not the average Americans. I want to think that the average American was voting less on the Republican party's "average Americanship" as voting against "liberal" Democrats but if that is the case why does the Republican party continue that line unless it has some value?
I'm not sure where you took my statement to mean all monuments should be removed. That would be asinine and literally nobody is seriously suggesting it.   Your post expresses exactly why monuments glorifying the Confederate cause should be removed, though. Too many of  them were erected to promote  a revisionist history, in which the war wasn't sparked almost entirely to preserve slavery. States rights were the excuse, slavery was the cause. All primary sources support that and denying it is to ignore the evidence. just one example from the CSA VP: "Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."  Weird how he doesn't mention state's rights or tarrifs, right? Maybe he, as a head of state in the CSA, knew something you dont...
"If Whitmer had been a white woman at a wedding reception with other white guests and had given her statement, I don’t think we would ever have heard of the Fairbanks Four. The true killers might have been caught......police and prosecutors worked to discredit contrary evidence......... distrust of the police and courts has been vindicated."  ...........These are all quotes from Charles Wohlforth's story about the Fairbanks Four.............  The police are at it again, Charles, here's your chance!
Thanks for this article.  Flies in the face of those white Alaskans with wet feet and visions of pyramids dancing in their heads--i.e. deep in deNile.  As for the professor's experience, been there, done that.  San Diego was real big on that cowardly, covert style of white supremacy--Black sailors and marines referred to San Diego as "little Mississippi" when I was stationed at Camp Pendleton.  When our apartment's owner raised the rent astronomically to "gentrify" his Spring Valley property--said he wanted to get rid of "the Blacks, Mexicans and Vietnamese" (no, it wasn't Donald Trump.  This guy's name was Green and he was Jewish), we frantically searched for a place to live and were REPEATEDLY turned down.  I had to stop taking my wife with me to look for rentals.  One look at her, rental offers suddenly vanished and deposits were returned.  Despite both working full-time, we faced homelessness with a four year-old and a newborn.  We finally managed to rent a dump in the ghetto.
Show me where he has expressed any support for Nazis and White Supremacists? He hasn't.  And I equate nothing of the sort. I said, if one group or person says they disagree and have a statue removed, then anyone who disagrees with any statue or memorials, also gets to get have them removed. That is how that works.    Your 'suggestion' to me is just snarky. You feel free to visit them if you so desire.
I don't understand how you could buy into the idea of white supremacists being screened out.  They are mostly North American white men....they'd lie through their teeth to get anywhere they wanted to go and I imagine they'd dress just as nicely as their leader, Richard Spencer.....a wolf in sheep's clothing if there ever was one.
White supremacist neoNazis in the White House wouldn't spark any anti-Semitism violence or hate, eh?  Another Jewish cemetery was trashed, headstones upended, typical M.O. recognizable through years of the same.
We all have frustrations with the content of some people's posts and I agree this country is an amazing beacon of equality. That being said, this country is also composed of people and people as a whole have a long history of acting one way toward one group and one way toward another.  We're no exception and we're a work in progress.  I do disagree with your contention that pushing back against prejudice in its various forms creates divisiveness. I think the reverse is true. Keeping quiet about these issues may prevent some people (primarily white males like me) from doing some soul-searching, but it creates huge fault lines in the community as all those affected by discrimination react to the relative silence as tacit social approval of discrimination.
cont'd  tried to take the officer's weapon as he sat in the car --- the dynamics changed.  The officer had a reasonable fear of at least grievous bodily harm.  As a matter of law, he had a right to fire in self-defense.  So yes, let's stop playing shall we?  Start dealing with reality, with which you show only a passing familiarity.  You and your type are sowing racial division by false accusations.  White Americans are perfectly willing to condemn unjustified police shootings, such as those that occurred in Baton Rouge and Minneapolis.  They are unwilling to accept BS from the likes of BLM.
So what blankman. You think that because those guys cant tell the difference no one else can? Might I suggest so light reading to help clear this up. A book called "The Emperors New Cloths"  by Hans Christian Andersen.
Samoan guy has 13 court view entries. Including felony and misdemeanor domestic violence spanning years.  FYI, your island boyfriend is alive and old white guy is not. Go spin your race card elsewhere.
Could not be clearer in any fashion. Our President Trump is NO "white nationalist." * Definition of white nationalist :  one of a group of militant whites who espouse white supremacy and advocate enforced racial segregation https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/white%20nationalist
It amazes me on how many "Southern sympathizers" people take pride in a symbol that represents a disgusting time in our history, they took Black people into slavery, meaning they forcefully made them work long hours without pay and were regularly beaten, raped and tortured. The south wanted to ensure they got to keep their property (Slaves). Many look to the Confederate flag as a symbol of white supremacy, here is one from the history books, the last general for the Confederate states was not Robert E. Lee,  the last general to surrender was a Cherokee Indian and his army of Indians. The Indian Generals name was Stand Watie.
Back when Stockwell Day and Stephen Harper came forward to get elected PM, we worried about the Trumpesque factions of the conservative party and its supporters. Harper muzzled them and we were told they were figments of hysterical liberal imaginations, no one in the fold was so extreme.  Well, see?  Told 'ya.  We heard how certain people spoke off record about non-whites, non-Christians, non-straights, non-conservatives, and new Canadians.  It was toxic stuff. And we took notes when we learned what sorts of catch phrases got used to code the prejudices in public ('family values' meant 'anti-gay' while 'Canadian values' meant anti-Muslim, etc.).  Now, note the excitement in some of the comments here that Trump has risen and that we could emulate him. Oh sorry, I'm still hysterical?  You mean it's only about a desire for legal immigration, the more dangerous applicants, respect for Christian values too, and a sincere almost humble concern for jobs?  Yeah, right. As I say. We have ears.
Walt,   Are you saying that someones skin color makes them more likely to commit a crime?  There are also studies that show that blacks are disproportionately targeted by police.  The overwhelming majority of these crimes are non-violent in nature.  Skin color isn't a factor in committing a crime; your family upbringing, neighborhood and peers you associate with are better indicators although more variables do exist.    https://goo.gl/39PYgx Police arrest more people for marijuana use than ... - Washington Post
It must be a sad day for Iowa Senator Steve 'KKK' Kelly. He is a friend of Wilders. He even went to the Netherlands to give him support during the election. He tweeted his support on Sunday, "Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies." In a Breitbart interview Alex Marlow asked him to clarify that tweet. King replied that the tweet reflected his view that Western civilization is at risk of extinction due to low birth rates and immigration from inferior non-Western cultures. White nationalist websites rejoiced for what they saw as a newly open endorsement of their platform. On Breitbart, Marlow hailed King’s explanation of the tweet for its cogency and wisdom and suggested objections were just partisan spin.
Bring back the white party
The issue is that people think if they aren't in the KKK or a similar group then they aren't racist or bigoted. Most racism happens out of ignorance, and the ignorance lies in not understanding what it's like to be a person of difference. It's hard to understand how society can be unfair for some, when it seems so fair to you.  As a straight white male from a Christian family I can go to almost any place in western society and as Louis C.K. put it: I'll be greeted with "Why, we have a table right here for you sir". I have no idea what it's like to be gay, black, a woman, etc. When groups who do not have the power in society point out this inequality it challenges the assumptions of those who do. If you've never experienced what it's like to be judged based on your heritage, your skin color, your sexual orientation, or your gender then it seems like a bunch of made-up problems. It's only when you recognize the inequality in society can you begin to change it rather than perpetuate it.
“Canadian” ethnicity is an identifier used more or less exclusively by longstanding white inhabitants, particularly in Atlantic and Central Canada. As for the rather flimsy indirect attack on diversity, there simply isn’t any desire for large numbers of westerners to immigrate to those places.
You are the beneficiary of the hard work by all those white men who built  th infrastructure of the stable society you now inhabit. You are wealthy beyond yrou comprehension because they paved the road for you. Thank you .
It’s only because of the large numbers of Asians and Africans that reside here now, that we are having this discussion about ‘white privilege.’ Another sign that the West has succumbed to massive third world immigration.
If only he was the white Arapahoe county sheriff (a repeat offender who also caused a victim's death) then he would have gotten probation.
You can bet she'll stay here and complain rather than buy a permanent ticket to a less white country - because no one anywhere in the world is buying those tickets.
Good point about metric.  But the only one you suggest that would actually indicate Trump's doing something for all those angry white people who voted for him is the labor participation rate.  Infrastructure spending isn't a proxy for jobs, since it can be, and often is, pointless, wasteful and corrupt.  GDP and dollar value matter only to plutocrats (and foreign purchasers of ridiculously priced stocks and real estate).  Favorability rating?  Don't kid me.  The very first metric to be applied to a newly-elected president is precisely the one Reich uses here: his appointments, which tell us he doesn't have any ideas the Republican right hasn't already tried.  In Trump's case, we also have his constant stream of petulant, boastful tweets and his abrupt reversals of position.  Yeah, in theory, he and his posse could see the light and start steady aiming for real targets.  In theory, the skies could also be darkened with flying pigs and we'd all being living off the fat of the land.
Except your precious white nationalists marched on a church with tiki tourches. And were there to stop a city from taking down a civil war statute. Yeah, it's the liberals trying to subjugate others here.
Charlie--I agree, wolf after the flock. Pence and his ilk are also a big part of the reason white males are dying at higher rates...beliefs trumped values. When we give way to raw emotions and fundelmentist beliefs, bad things happen to the community. The toxics of orthodoxy ...and this can be true for both sides of the argument. Extremism is a vice, its hurts people, it divides community, it's us and them...even if you profess to follow the god of love, you hate strangers. Even as you cherry pick chapter and verse, you forget that we are are children of, at very least, earth and breath the same air, drink the same water. If your policies create poisons for the poor, how is this Christian? Flint is the outcome of the toxins he and others create all around themselves that leach out into our world. We are the wealthiest people to ever live and yet we don't have enough to feed and house our poor. Really? That is bankruptcy of the moral kind...that is Pence.
Again with the intellectual dishonesty.  There's a difference between blaming people for 1.  the actions of members of their ethnicity and 2. blaming people for the actions of political and religious groups to which they belong.  As an atheist, I bear some responsibility for what atheists say about God. I chose to be an atheist, and I give money to atheist groups to broadcast their attacks.  I own that.  I don't bear responsibility for Ammon Bundy just because we are both white.  I have Christian friends, even some fundie friends.  But they aren't running for office or out there espousing and defending bigotry.  The big pill for you to swallow is that I won't let you hide behind a pulpit and say your stinky ideas are fragrant because they have  a religious basis. Bigotry is bigotry.
Anybody want to guess to what extent we neglect the most vulnerable? 60+ recommendations made in 2014. We are still talking about it in 2017.  Draconian Cuts made to any and all resources that is budgeted for the most vulnerable. I'm disabled, a veteran, single Dad to 5 kids. Ruptured L4-5. My eyesight is bad and my teeth painfully rotting.    I've been homeless. I was ignored if I was lucky. Even though these homeless folks break the law daily by simply living. None of them go to a warm jail and eat food.   I'm a white dude, walking down the sidewalk in a mainly black neighborhood. In a blink, 5 cop cars surround me. Slam! me on the hood of their car and frisk me. Constantly insinuating I was looking for drugs. They find nothing. So the one "good cop" asks me if I took drugs. I said "I smoke pot once in a while." He says "You know you could get a lot of time for that." I genuinely laughed. They hauled me away to jail because "I don't like your sense of humor".   Makes sense?
I don't think anyone has ever suggested that Lee or any other rich, white general is a hero of the American struggle for equal rights. But there are other reasons to commemorate someone with a statue.  I have no issue with the new statue you suggest, other than my general opposition to government overspending on art.
So somehow it's the white man's fault they have more people who can be considered role models?
One of the ironies is that Robert E. Lee was against the very kind of white supremacist behaviour that occurred. . Lee had little respect for Jeff Davis, and even less at the end of the war. As the war was ending, a number of Confederate officers tried to get Lee to lead an army of guerillas to fight on. . Lee spoke to his troops and told them to go home and live in peace.  Not to hold grudges.  Not to perpetuate the struggle and suffering that had cost the nation so many lives, and to live in peace with their former enemies. . There is a reason why, at Appomattox, Grant permitted Lee to keep his sword, and why he was never tried for treason. There is a reason why Arlington National Cemetery was built in Lee's former back yard. . Lee was a man of incomparable ability, and integrity. He saw things on a higher plane. In the end, like Abraham Lincoln, he saw reconciliation as the only way forward. . He would have been disgusted by the violence in Charlottesville. . "Strike the tent".
This law represents the will of a huge majority of Quebecers, including women, not just "old white men".  The better question is, how do a handful of imams get to dictate what some Muslim women feel they must wear to be pleasing to Allah?
Dear DJoker Minstrel:  "Minister of Police Fikile Mbalula recently plumbed the depths of primordial racism when he attacked Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane for his marriage to a white woman.  Obviously taking the lead from his boss, Deputy Minister of Police Bongani Mkongi followed suit: “I think Mmusi Maimane is losing the plot.  “I think the ANC must unleash us to deal with this white boy. Mmusi Maimane is nothing else but an uneducated child who preys on unsuspecting white girls who want relevance in a nonracial democratic South Africa.  “In fact, Mmusi Maimane would never share the same bed with a white woman if it was not for the efforts of the ANC. Because you can kiss and hug a white woman, you believe it is Alpha and Omega.”  …..Mkongi declares further: just know that we, the ANC, made it possible for you, “white boy”, to share a bed with a white woman. Not a kitchen, not a house, but a bed..” (TheCitizen)  …In your words….
If he was a white guy from Ohio and I said, "we need to send him back to England." than yes it would be.
This is a positive story about a positive ceremony to honor a man whose life story has a positive impact on Eugene.  Yet, several commenters feel it necessary to respond to it with negative and nasty comments.  One expresses that honoring a Black Eugene pioneer during Black History Month is somehow "unfairly ignoring" the white pioneers of the community.  Another deems the article and/or the signage  "unnecessary."  Two others use the article as a platform to denigrate an African American poster on this site......Note: that poster has the courage to use his own name, while those who attack him do so anonymously.  (guys, if you are going to attack someone, you might at least have the courage to do so under your own name)   The ceremony honoring Wiley Griffon is "open" to the public....no one is required to attend.  Those who post their negative comments have every right to do so....that's First Amendment protected.  Those comments do, however IMO, not speak well for the authors.
Nor are white supremacists.....
Obama did NOTHING to improve race relations. Trump is VERY white and that's why he is hated.
Queue the white guilt trip AGAIN !!!
I would like to see every white supremacist/white nationalist demonstration surrounded by thousands of counter-protesters standing silently, holding some of the type signs I've seen...."racism is evil"....etc. ; a non-violent, over-whelming repudiation of the racial hatred which permeates the white supremacist movement.  It would be necessary to have a cordon of police to protect those counter-protesters....we know the white supremacists thrive on violence.  It would also be necessary to somehow "purge" the counter-protesters of the antifac individuals who see violent confrontation.  We cannot allow the small violence element who engage in counter-demonstrations to define those demonstrations.  If they do, the entire purpose of "non-violent" protest is lost.  Gary Crum
He made some statements on Morning live this morning. Seems it is all the white man's fault as usual. For some reason there seems to be a focus on "black" poverty but nothing was said about white poverty and the rates it has increased at. Then there is another statistic I'd like to know. How many foreigners in South Africa are living above and below the poverty line and what are the foreigners employment statistics.
White House NeoNazi adviser Stephen Miller briefed the media on Wednesday about Donald Trump’s plans to limit legal immigration.   In answering questions, Miller deployed a white supremacist talking point against the poem on the Statue of Liberty and referred to one reporter with an anti-Semitic epithet.  In other words, standard Republican talking points.
Could it be that there just aren't that many white football players?
More racist actions by Trudeau's government. White kids may want jobs too. Indians were just given billions extra by the Liberals . When is this going to be done fairly. Shutting out Canadians is racist.
Trying to blame anti-abortionists for all the unresolved social problems which exist in the United States is unsupported by anything except your own biases against religion, whites, and the taxpayers who don't want to fund your preferred social programs.  There is no evidence that your hated list of people have anything to do with the anti-abortionists except, to some degree, those who find abortion to be against their religious beliefs.    You can't hang that many albatrosses around the anti-abortionists' necks.   They are primarily single-issue people from all the publications I have read and are not the uncaring demons of Satan you are attempting to make them.
Mr. Gonzales,   First, forgive me if my reply here is misdirected.  I'm not sure if you're speaking to my article or just generally.    History tells us that the Whites overthrew the Hawaiian Kingdom government.  White Hawaiian Kingdom subjects, White Americans, and White Europeans.  The insurrection it's government was entirely White.  The year was 1893, it wasn't exactly a year when White nations embraced people of color.    I'm not saying this to vilify Whites.  I am White (part).  I mention this as a sort of juxtaposition between then and now.  It was racism that led to the "theft" of Native Hawaiian agency and political power, so what do we call it now, when a great many non-Native Hawaiians advocate against US fed-gov policy that grants Native Hawaiians more political power?    You can be a proud American, while still recognizing historical injustice and systematic oppression.  It doesn't make you any less American.
hehehe  so says an anonymous poster.  LMAO  Is it not true that most figures in the public arena making governmental type decisions, laws,. enforcing the laws, military, entertainment........  white men?  amIwrong? or amIright?  Quien sabe.......hehehe
It's interesting that this columnists begrudges white men a 'summer of grievance'. She seems to have no problem with day-by-day grievances over the last four decades from every other identity group unhappy with their lot. The Liberal/left/progressive tactic of demonizing the behavior of white men and trivializing their issues is getting rather shopworn.  Renzetti does not tell us what violence she has been subjected to but whatever it is or was, I'd like to hear her explain it to a combat veteran.
Jonah wants the 1st black president to make caring for the fragile egos of the white people that hate him, a priority. He should be grateful that he didn't demand reparations for 200 years of white racism.
So they claim the "non-white community" is targeted disproportionately by producers of sugary drinks, eh?  So that's why we see mostly blacks and hispanics and Asians in Coke and Pepsi commercials.  They must have an awful lot of white make-up on.
You guys blew it. Where is QUASI's "White Devil's Dream"? That's more of a protest song than any of the other songs you put on this list. QUASI RULES!
And you're okay with "men of the cloth" doing sick, perverted things to innocent, helpless children too, right?  A white choker around your neck doesn't make one more moral or ethical. Nakata is just a stooge of the current part-time wanna-be mayor and the property developers.
Oh, a white golf course? The Clintons may get membership.
Democrats on the House Homeland Security Committee are asking panel Chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas) to examine racist fringe groups, including those that organized Saturday’s violent protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee on the University of Virginia campus…  California Rep. Lou Correa, who sits on the Homeland panel, was the first Democrat to call for hearings.  “Yesterday’s horrific acts against innocent Americans were clear acts of terrorism,” he said. “Our country has a homegrown terrorism problem we refuse to address. That ends now. We must hold hearings and finally address that terrorism inflicted by white supremacy extremists is destroying our country.”  A spokesman for Homeland ranking member Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) confirmed to POLITICO that committee Democrats were organizing to increase pressure on the panel to schedule hearings on white supremacist terrorism.
I notice the teacher is white.  Is this an example of white privilege?
Please show us all where in the Constitution it say's "The only need for civilian weapons is for hunting or protection" ? It doesn't !  It says the Right to Bear Arms Shall not be Infringed. And I'm not sure where you came up with "Your definition only applies to those white supremacist private militia created by your fellow racists and bigots under Posse Comitatus idiocy roaming the nation to intimidate government employees and scared citizens."? I think you have let your inner crazy Liberal side out and you may have drank to much of the Bloomberg Every town Kool-Aid.    Go feed you Unicorn
Even worse.  An old white guy hating Talent Aquisition Specialist II perhaps?
Now let's bring that sentiment back to Canada... I'm one of those Canadians who disapproves of a Political & Federal Gov't Leader strolling across the floor of the House of Commons, taking in the full landscape as would a avocational boxer of the combat sport of Boxing to push himself into a threesome on the other side of the HOC -- only to push & elbow a female MPP, full bore, right square in the breast...Action does speak louder than Words, friend.  . .  or the subtle racist put-down of 'white  people' by a man who was running for the role of Prime Minister of Canada when describing the magazine content of Canadian fictional writing.. (c)"...staid stable of white men and women...".(c) (Globe an Mail).  . . . or the deliberate ignorance of scientific facts -- much like environmental safety & climate change by Trudeau's 'Kinder Morgan Pipeline' ; ergo... (c)"Kinder Morgan and Line 3 pipelines will make it impossible to meet global climate change commit...s made in Paris."(c)  Yeah...
Judging from the Liberal, White capitalists comments below, are they feeling a tad guilty about their ''free-market'', ''too big to fail'' institutions being shown up for what they essentially are - Exploiters ?  Well-written article, Richard.
Oh, in the way you just drummed up a spin and blatant lie that Mr. Pitts has a bigoted view of white people? You just showed that you haven't been reading his columns. I guess that make you a was, is, and always will be a liar. Keep shinning your boots with that other stuff. It stinks but you apparently love it.
Until feminist writers like Renzetti and Tavia Grant accept men as their fathers, brothers and colleagues, rather than the "privileged white male patriarchy" who must be fought against, it's catch as catch can sister as far as I'm concerned.
its absolutely disgusting to shame a child and dismiss his honest response to question because the child is white. dollars to doughnuts the teachers shaming was also sexist. she couldve at least told all the white boys to shut up or be shamed prior to her demeaning lesson on respecting people. if the roles were reversed, the teacher would be out of job.
Maybe we have "white privilege" in North America and Europe because the preponderance of people living there for the last couple of centuries are of European background.  If one goes to China and sees all the Chinese doctors, businessmen/women and scientists - can we talk about "Chinese privilege " or do we acknowledge the fact that the vast majority of people in China are Chinese. The is nonsensical argument.
So, now you know your map doesn't include white neighborhoods, only black and Hispanic neighborhoods, so you still believe that Planned Parenthood doesn't serve white people. Amazing. It's amazing that you cling to provably wrong notions. And your post is still bald and obvious bigotry. This goes beyond the map, this shows your willingness to use obviously false and misleading information from a single source to back up a whole panoply of bigotry you carry around. That's on you, not on some targeted propaganda source. You have to be responsible for the sources you choose.
Nenshi is the Justin of Western Canada.A self-aggrandizing narcissist and racist.Not so long ago he said there were too many white people in City Hall and they needed to 'diversify'.I wonder what the reaction would be if a caucasian mayor of a major Canadian city said that the taxi industry needed to diversify more because it wasn't white enough.
And white people were scalped by Mi'kmaqs.
And Loyalists were? John Adams (2nd President) thought that Loyalists were 30% of the white population of the colonies.  Some historians think they were less, but in any case a pretty substantial part of the population, perhaps 20%, with 30% revolutionaries, and 50% uncommitted. As for "The People" it's  really just a philosophical fiction from Locke. It consists of a group of individuals who have allegedly tacitly surrendered their alleged natural right to govern themselves and their property and tacitly consented to the inescapable decisions of the majority (or a majority of a legislature (originally elected by non-slave white male property owners)), possibly subject to certain inalienable constraints as interpreted by the legislature and courts. As for the tacit consent, I like Robert Nozick's famous claim: it isn't worth the paper it isn't written on.
"The basic image, then, through which Bruce's authenticity-effect is secured is that of unbroken organic affiliation and continuity.  Bruce = rock-and-roll = the sound of passion, excitement, and rebellion in industrial working class life."  *    Ever since his rise out of working class life into the white, bright, spotlight of rock&roll fame, Bruce has continued to cultivate this construct of hard-working, white masculinity, through his clothing, performance, and personal life image.   This conflation of public and private self image has continued to stoke belief among the masses of his fans. After growing up working class, I was able to attend college in radio-tv production and cultivate a "$uccessful" white-collar career.   I thoroughly enjoy and am moved by the incendiary music that Bruce has created over the years.  At the same time, I acknowledge that his work as a performance of masculinity. * "WHITE GUYS -- Studies in Postmodern Domination & Difference", Fred Pfeil, 1995, p.82.
When I read this article my mind immediately went to members of my own family, who I think typify many white Catholic voters. They're conservative in both their faith and politics, and they don't make much distinction between the two.   They represent that angry, frustrated element that Trump so successfully tapped into, but they don't like Trump personally. I think some may hold their noses and vote for him, but they do understand who he is.  But after more than 40 years of conditioning from the pulpit, they've become largely one-issue voters, and they've completely bought into the demonization of Hillary Clinton. Defeating her at all costs is the most important thing to them.  They're good people but they're frightened and confused and feel like the world they grew up in has been taken from them. Even while I disagree, I understand and have compassion for them, and I try to think of them whenever I'm tempted to write off all Trump voters as rabid lunatics. It isn't that simple.
Trump has yet to condemn the white supremacists responsible for the death of a beautiful young woman and two troopers in Virginia.   This horrific act wasn't from many sides, but the direct result of an anti-American, white supremacist rally. Nice to know you join Trump in refusing to call it what it is; then again, no surprise based on your pattern of supporting the horrific war monger, with his cabinet of white supremacists, hijacking our country.
Some more numbers for you.   Alaska 2012 ( the most present year I can find data)  1 in 34,000 whites charged with murder 1 in 15,000 natives charged with murder 1 in 12,800 Asians charges with murder 1 in 6,100 blacks charged with murder  Numbers like these show how out of touch people like you are with reality.
Nice drama, charles.  Are you a stage actor?  Millions of whites voted for a half-white candidate who identifies as black.   That's black privilege.  My DNA goes back to Africa maybe I should ID as black and get some of that.
The mobilization of white supremacy is not incidental to Trump’s rise, but central to it.   https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CrPeyQZVUAANN4Y.jpg:small
The way the government tried to suppress the right to assemble and free speech of these white people reminded me of this quote; - "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable."  John F. Kennedy
Jenkins, Trump, and Clinton are all white. How does race have anything to do with this debate?
And Jesus, who came to save sinners and the world, said unto the great throng of bigoted white people gathered before him, some crying out in wrath and some with great wailing and gnashing of teeth because they saw a nearly Black man, who said: “Look man, you want to hang me like you did those before me, slaves, from my part of the world and only because of the color of their skin. I never knew you. I am not and never was a Republican.”
I helped bring up my (now ex-)partner's nephew from his age 9.  I'm white & so is he. It was really tough the first few years, because of abuse he'd suffered from his biological parents. But things worked out with us, & he's grown up into a fine wonderful generous sweet man (now 28), but he still misses what he lost from not growing up with his mom & siblings (both of whom were also taken away by the county).  I  think we did pretty well for him given the circumstances. Could I have done so well by a Native kid with similar issues of past abuse? I don't think so, because no matter how much I learned & try to pass on of the stuff that comes out of "family" & "kin," I could not give him or her what their own kin knows from the inside out.  I can't speak for the kids Jill Burke & her partner adopted: only the kids can. But I appreciate her facing her discomfort to ask these questions & having the courage to share them with us. I hope the best for all of them.
John Lewis -- " a practitioner of black and white rhetoric and confrontation"??????? What does that even mean?????????  The man was one of the leaders of the civil rights movement in which principally African Americans (with white allies, that's true) fought against racist oppression by whites.  That you would find that problematic, says much -- and nothing good.
Is is unclear to me why Alceste and Andrew voted against the post talking about the "angry white men" observation.  Those two folks might as well go vote against posts that say water is wet and the sky is blue.
The Trudeau government with its social justice agenda has done more to divide gender and ethnic groups in this country than at any other time. Instead of finding commonality amongst us, the Liberals look for the diverse and divide us by playing favourites to their perceived ‘victims’ while ignoring or discriminating against those who don’t fit their social justice narrative, such as, male small business owners, White males/Whires in general need not apply to anything, Canadians born here, Alberta oil industry... Have you ever heard Trudeau stand up for the homeless in this country?  No.  Most are likely male. Have you ever heard him mention the missing and murdered Indigenous men and boys which are twice the number of the women?  No. That’snot feminist enough. The Liberal government is causing resentment and backlash between groups because of their Identity Politics which is dangerous and always fails.
Trump calls on us to defend Western Civilization, and the Left denounces it as a white nationalist dog-whistle.  Sarsour calls Trump a fascist and urges good Muslims to embrace jihad against him, and the Left says she's only speaking metaphorically.  This is gaslighting par excellence.
Interesting that Will cites Charles Murray.   "(Wikipedia) Citing assertions made by Murray in The Bell Curve, The Southern Poverty Law Center labeled Murray a "white nationalist," charging that he has a long history of advocating discredited ideas that are rooted in eugenics".  Also interesting that Will mocks the African American community. Also interesting how Will ignores the fact that education is, in fact, almost entirely a wealth driven activity. Harder and harder for the poor to get into and through college, easier and easier for the 1% to succeed in the same endeavor. The very poor in any white community tends not to gain a college education...but then Murray would say that is a result of their just being too dumb.  I have absolutely no respect for George Will and his thoughts other than, of course, his willingness to be open about leaving the Republican Party. Hugh Massengill, Eugene
In reality, reality...He still is 1/2 white
Never ceases to amuse me how white Americans offer increasingly convoluted 'excuses' as to how their blatantly-bigoted statements 'weren't really racist', but screech that anyone who calls 'em on it is 'racist!'  A white coworker, forgetful of my son's presence, once commented that a 'forward' on the Jamaican rugby team 'looked like a silver-back' as he ran downfield--and when my son said, "I can't believe you just said that", hastily replied, 'Oh, I wasn't being racist...".
The severity of the issue is seen when you look at at deaths per 100,000. The only way our argument makes sense is if black and white populations are equal, which are not. Blacks make up 11% of Denver's population, but if your figures are  right, they are involved in 45% of the murders. And since most murders are committed by malses aged 14-25, It looks like almost half the murders are committed by 3-4% of the population.
"I wonder if all the political newness of electing Barack Obama, amongst other things a black man, to the highest office in the land has caused an unexpected shift in identity for many."  A friend of mine is a voter registrar.  She said white guys in their 30s, 40s, and even 50s registered to vote for the first time last year just so they could vote for Herr tRump.  In this country we grew up thinking that white dominance was a given.  When Barack Obama was elected, the George Wallace constituency rose out of its dormancy to vote for tRump.
Some gaslighting going on here. Karyn misrepresents (misunderstands) the hoax: it was not "a premeditated plan to discredit HuffPo"; it was a test of journalistic integrity. The Huff could have passed by doing a fact check or source check or sanity check but it didn't because when it comes to bashing white men, it lacks journalistic integrity. Don't shoot the messenger Karyn, deal with the message.
You need to give the numbers involved.  If you have 62 right wing hate crimes that kill 62 people, then you are still 100s shy of the dead killed by radical islamic terrorists.  Two incidents by radical islamic terrorists in California at the public health department and the gay club in Orlando beat out all the old white dude terrorists attacking postal employees or whoever they target.
As long as they talked about ANYTHING other than the investigation, I have no problem with this.  I hope there were others present to verify this.  That pic--2 mean, angry white men, for sure.
Attendee Lianna Rice's derisive comment about "white men" was hateful, racist and misandrist.
The great buzz word of 2017,inclusivity.Does it include white males?I know it does not in Toronto's Gay Pride Parade if you're a cop.Does 'diversity'include white males?Don't think so.John Ibbitson rails against 'old white guys' all the time.If someone was to rail against 'young Black men' or 'young Muslim men',how would that scenario go with Canada's mainstream press?
Do you really think that it is only illegal immigrants that are affected?  Fact is this country didn't have a problem with immigrants for most of its history.  It was open to everyone.  This openness is what made America great.  Trying to go back to only white boys will not get very far.    Yes I know what laws are.  Ever heard the saying laws are made to be broken?  Say have you ever exceeded the speed limit?
"Virtue signalling" like "alt left" is a term coined by, interestingly enough, the self proclaimed "alt right" to demean and diminish efforts at social justice.  The right thrives on Systemic Inequality because it perpetuates the hegemony of "white" males. Fellas, it's over. You've had er pretty good for 500 years, but at the end of it all, the best you could do was Donald Trump. Sorry.
Judith Mowry, policy analyst with the city of Portland, said at a Eugene City Club meeting that a disproportionate percentage of the homeless are people of color. What I experienced last night at the Springfield City Council meeting qualifies as an example of white privilege.  White, housed people trying to push our marginalized homeless population to the outskirts of town with flimsy excuses like our history shows we did to people of color.  Of course this has nothing to do with safety since laws already exist that address obstructing traffic.  I have never personally witnessed panhandlers cause "dangerous traffic situations" or "safety hazards and delays" in a roadway or at busy intersections but it would interesting to document with video just how often and how long motorists are delayed because of these donations in public space. The people who complain about this should be ashamed of themselves. Again, privilege.
There are always exceptions to the rule.  I don't believe there are as many black and white issues as many people do. I also am not anti business. I just know that we became a great nation in part because we invented a bunch of stuff and fought for our place in the world. Now we are fighting each other and would rather prop up old business than make anything new.  Your side of this issue has been pushed by people who stand to lose a lot more than the scientific research labs combined and I'm not buying it.  Nor do I need to hurl insults to make my point. I don't know you but we definitely disagree on this issue. You pointing out a couple of bad actors doesn't prove anything one way or the other. We still can't breath CO2 so we should probably figure out what we're going do with all of it at some point. Can you agree on that?
The FBI statistics you're referring to point out that whites and blacks both mostly kill each other.  The numbers show that out of 3005 white murder victims, 2509 of them were killed by other white people and of 2491 black victims, 2245 of them were killed by other black people.  Now, it's well known that these figures merely mean that those who were identified as the perpetrators were merely convicted, not that they actually did anything - because our justice system is severely skewed against poor people.  But still, take those figures and apply some logic.  Most black on black murders occur in the big cities (think Chicago) and are gang or drug related.  Some say 80% or more of homicides by firearm (I hate the term "gun deaths") are gang-related, and it's well known but not well publicized that blacks and Latinos are the ones being killed by gangs in Chicago and LA.  So take gangs and economics out of the equation and homicide numbers look much more uniform across racial groups.
Serious question, Stonewall: Isn't everything you're using to post your comment -- the computer, the internet, the service provider -- all yours to use because of capitalism?  Also, don't you see anything at all wrong with the generic label of "white"? I'm beginning to. Some folks, myself included, our bloodlines are very recent to this country and yet we are considered white because of our skin tone; but the "real" white people gave us just as much grief when we came here because we weren't the "right kind" of white.  So just like we're taught not to jump everyone in together -- all Muslims are not terrorists, all this are not that -- why does that rule fly out the window when it's light-skinned people?
It doesn't matter if you're black or white in the judicial system....it's how much green you have.
Two silly comments as they are not relevant to Canada. What will happens is those extra boys will marry outside of their 'race' as we already see girls doing partially due to a desire to escape some of the oppressive aspects of a male dominant society.  Now let's not all pretend that white anglo/franco Canada has entirely escaped male gender dominance culture. Time and exposure to different views will melt at these biases.
Hello,  I love how us crackers try to claim First Nation ancestry (I am a cracker also). It is like they are searching for some sort of special identity to claim and talk about, totally ignoring the fact that that vast majority of their being is not Native, or totally ignoring and not accepting that they have ZERO First Nation blood in them. To be honest, I bet if one paid closer attention to Mr. Boyden or any other attention seeking white person claiming to be or have First Nation blood in them, you would find they are nuts (psychologically messed).  Seriously I have a relative who is maybe 1/80th (that's right ONE/EIGHTYth) and he claims to be First Nation and live a "Native" life style.  Total whack job. My suggestion to Boyden and others like him. Stop seeking attention and accept who you are. Also, seek mental help.
Anecdotal evidence does not a reality make. You want to really talk race relations? Can we address the fact, that over 75% of black families have no father in their house? Do we address the fact, that a black minority individual is more likely shot a black minority individual than a white majority individual? Do you want to continue talking about symptoms, or address some of these core problems?  What are you really AWARE of?
I don't even understand the comment about "Time for work, effort, sacrifice for others, and real smiles, smiles of the more sporting kind".  What is that supposed to mean?  Trump is a con man.  He's a ganef.  He's a carnival barker.  He pulled one over on the whole country.  We New Yorkers warned everyone, but...  No.  We got called "snowflakes".  We got called "Liberal Elites".  We may very well be "liberal elites", but we happen to be the ones who care about providing health care to everyone.  Supporting those who have less.  You know, that old canard about feed the hungry, welcome the stranger, and all of that.  My mind boggles that white Catholics could vote for Trump, but they did.  Some R candidates were fairly reasonable and might have made a decent President - not perfect, but I've never seen one of those in my time on this planet.  They wouldn't have tried to blow up the joint, and some of them even had experience in government.
I hope the open flaunting of Nazi and white supremacist hate will get the press off of the "people voted for Trump because of economic anxiety." Nope. They really want to make America white again.
I think the problem with Trump in relation to the white supremacists is that they BELIEVE, I mean, truly believe that he speaks for them.  I am unsure if he does, but they feel they have a friend in the White House, and that has to be taken into account when looking at what Trump says and does.
There's a difference between discrimination and affirmative action.  One can argue the efficacy of the programs or the criteria for determining racial identity.  But one cannot argue against the proposition that certain racial groups have historically suffered from discrimination, continue to suffer disproportionately by almost every social & economic criterion, and are therefore deserving of affirmative action.  Although almost all immigrant groups (including Jews and white Catholics like the Irish and Poles) suffered discrimination, groups that were enslaved and or colonized (African-Americans, Native-Americans, Native-Hawaiians) suffered considerably more, so the burden on society to redress this harm is much greater.  If you want to suggest that affirmative action be aimed through a means test that, surprise, surprise, just happens to target a disproportionate number of the most racially repressed groups, fine. I, for one, DO want my tax dollars to help those who were discriminated
But since the numbers of white church-goers seem to be declining, in the long run, this will be irrelevant.  It's the short-run, the current horrible time in which we are living, that is worrisome.
So, Muslims are not "our people"? Let's say the number of Black violence equals that of Muslims; do they then become NOT "our people? When white violence, does; do they then become NOT "our people"? I believe it's spelled: "Habeas"
I feel so famous that the 'proud boys' incident happened a block from where I live.  Oh wait, they're making hay over absolutely nothing.  I think I'm seeing the start of a bemused look on the Cronwallis statue.    Anyways, intersectional feminism will rid of Renzetti's 'white feminism' very soon and eventually will cannibalize itself entirely.  Elizabeth, you are one of us!  Surprised that Indigenous haven't been more indignant about their supposed 'allies', PoC, even women in general, etc., who are no less than 'colonizers' like the rest of us yet use their alliance to first derive equivalent oppression status, then boot Indigenous to the sidelines.
As a head of state, diplomacy, respect for another and for the United States, all say that he will meet with President Trump. According to his principles, Francis will meet Trump. As our Pope he has a clear obligation as well to signal what he stands for, what we should stand for, illustrating intelligent Christianity in a fractured world of people and a fragile planet. One suggestion would be that he consult with Canada's Prime Minister Trudeau on how to anticipate and counter the Trump domination moves - no, not the "grabbing". It might also be worthwhile to gift Trump with something he cannot simply throw away; that would stay and stand: maybe a sustainable cutting from a Vatican garden tree for the White House garden.  Make it clear that it is a gift to the United States of America through its President?
Trump ran on a campaign of racial fear and white privilege.  He told African-Americans what he thinks of them when he named Jeff sessions his attorney general.
Sorry, that's not a fact.  It's a slogan.  And a pathetically false one.  Timothy McVeigh--"Christian Identity" movement; Anders Breivik--European nationalist/Christian supremacist; Robert Bales--Christian US Army SSGT; Frasier Glen Cross--Christian neo-Nazi and white supremacist; Scott Roeder--Christian anti-abortionist; Wade Michael Page--white supremacist; Barukh Goldstein--Zionist Jew; Jim David Anderson--"conservative" Christian; Larry McQuilliams--anti-immigrant extremist; Jarad and Amanda Miller--white nationalists; Craig Hicks--atheist; Eric Rudolph--Christian anti-abortionist; Andrew Joseph Stack--Catholic, pi$$ed at the IRS; Christian Phalange Party--Maronite Christians; Anti-Balaka--Christian, Central African Republic; JDL--Zionist Jews; Kach Chai Party--Zionist Jews; Lord's Army, Christian--Central African Republic, South Sudan; Tamil Tigers--secularists (Sri Lanka).  This is an incomplete list.
People say there is a RACE problem. People say this RACE problem will be solved when the third world pours into EVERY and ONLY into White countries.  People say the only solution to the RACE problem is if ALL and ONLY White countries "assimilate," i.e., intermarry, with all those non-Whites.  But if I tell that obvious truth about the ongoing program of genocide against White people, Anti-Whites agree that I am a naziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews.  Anti-racist is a codeword for anti-White.
sky  I hardly see Harper as a defender of feminism. What do you think his stand is on abortion? It was a coded anti-Muslim strategy. After all, he could have gone against all head covering for women, which would have included the Amish, Hutterites and so on.  And why stop only Mexican rapists? What about all rapists? After all, British, French, German and other rapists also enter the US. The idea of protecting one's womenfolk from rape is one of the oldest ways to get a native population riled up. It is one of the reasons that rape was a capital offence in the US. It was meant to be employed against black men who raped white women. It was never meant to be enforced in reversed circumstances.  Trump was the leader of the birther movement against Obama. Do you think that was a genuine question about Obama's birth (with an American mother, Obama was automatically a US citizen). Or do you think Obama's skin colour had something to do with it? After all, Trump's mother was not American
Boyden didn't help articulate the Voice of First Nations. He hijacked it. The Orenda presents a false history of the Huron-Iroquois War. It's fiction, but one that comforts White Canadians because it suggests colonization was a good thing.  Boyden is a 21st Century Grey Owl. He's a white kid from Willowdale who has been pretending to be an Indian like his Uncle Erl. And he's in need of a fact-checking biographer because he tells tall tales about his family tree, his father's Victoria Cross, his adventures in New Orleans, and other family matters that just don't ring true.
The nightmare begins Friday. I am still trying to figure out how my nice neighbors could elect a white supremacist, sexual abuser? He will destroy this country in short order and at the same time, make sure that he and his rich buddies get richer. I think the saddest part of this whole thing is that people actually believe that he will make this country stronger and more prosperous. It shows that we are not as educated as we think.
Liberals can't seem to  find a "happy white guy".  The last one was Bill Clinton  who was  was married to an "angry white woman" who was beaten by a  very rich "happy white guy"  If liberals can ever find another "happy white guy" or "happy black guy" they might win an election again. It looks like they are gonna stay pretty angry for awhile though.  And  "angry" doesn't win elections.
What an astonishingly awful commentary this is.  If it were a parody of Honolulu Civil Beat group-think, it might be sort of clever.  But it seems to be intended as a serious commentary.  This essay is blatantly racist, denigrating white people as a group.  It is blatantly sexist, denigrating men as a group.  And it is blatantly ageist, denigrating old people as a group.  Yet here it is, proudly displaying the attitude of Honolulu Civil Beat  The whole commentary should be deleted, with nothing in its place except the notation:  < this comment did not meet civility standards >
So he's an immigrant?  Whatever the ethnic makeup, the philosophy as expressed in every rant is fully in support of facist, racist, white supremacist dogma.  So all of you fellow travelers know each other?  Who would have thought?
Is John Joe Sark a man of his word when he states “I don’t need any more trinkets from the white man.”? If so we Canadians should be expecting him to renounce any further government trinkets in the form officially minted metals and paper as cultural appropriation of the "white man"
Except, of course, removal has been going on long before the Nazi cosplay racists and white supremacists decided to rally round.
For Trump's supporters, his charm may lie in the fact he asks nothing of them, except for their vote.  He treats white males like the special people they know they are.  They feel kinship for one who cannot speak in clear, connected sentences, or changes his opinion every few hours.  Obama's chant of "Yes, we can! (Si, se puede!)" has been replaced by "I'll take care of it for you."  No education, no problem, I'll give you a good job anyway, because see, no competition.
Yea, why won't anyone cover the good things that white supremacists do?
For a non-Hawaiian (they again selected a "white person")  playing a Hawaiian in the upcoming movie Niihau is blasphame against every Hawaiian.  Why?  Niihau is the only island in the Hawaiian chain that preserves the Hawaiian language.  Everyone there is pure Hawaiian and speak Hawaiian.  Niihau has never been taken by the local Democratic party which totally mess-up all of Hawaii since Statehood 1959.        Because I can't think of any person of pure Hawaiian or part Hawaiian blood that could represent the Hawaiians in this movie, I would select hollywood actor "Dwayne Johnson" who is half  "Samoan."
the government will make it illegal for a white man and a white women to breed as well the way it is going.   only question is will that come before the mandatory homosexuality laws.
This shooting is a terrible thing, but sorry, something just does not seem right here. Something is way off. In many of the other shootings there are obvious patterns and details that immediately become clear. In this case, pretty much everything is off center. 1) The supposed shooter, is a multi millionaire real estate investor. 2) He has no military background,  3) One article i read said he was a registered democrat. 4) He lives in a $350,000 house (For Hawaii, That is like a $2 Million Dollar House) 5) He is rather old. Uncharacteristically old for a shooter. 6) His motives are unknown. No notes, no manifesto. 7) He has no criminal history.  8) Girlfriend is not white,  (unlikely shooting is race related) 9) A country music concert gets shot up ? 10) supposed shooter is found dead, the police did not shoot him. 11) Hidden cameras reported in the hallway and other places to "show when police are approaching" 12) Police NOW want to know how crime scene photos are already released.
Not only Cape Town University is folding but Business Day as well! A headline in today's issue: CAROL PATON: "We must be brave and talk about white monopoly capitalism."
Sweeney Todd: A short history lesson is in order.            -------------------------- No, it's not.   Interesting and factual as it is - it's not what is motivating this protest at all.  "Kessler said this week that the rally is partly about the removal of Confederate symbols but also about free speech and “advocating for white people.” “This is about an anti-white climate within the Western world and the need for white people to have advocacy like other groups do,” he said in an interview. ____________  But I'm sure like many Conservatives, they also hate paying taxes and object to what the government is doing with their money; it's a timeless meme for them.
Kaiulani said it all!  Now, our stance should be to protect these islands from exploitation.  NOT who going rule or govern these island after America, but how we will survive the slaughter by Trump's army of white elites that plan to rule the world.  I hope to God, I'm wrong!
Free market economics does not exist.  It's only the conservatives who share this delusion and attempt to sell it to the ignorant.    The purpose of government is to exercise some control over free enterprise capitalism which would otherwise destroy any one or any organization that gets in it's way.    That is unless the conservatives manage to destroy government before it curbs them.  This is what Trump is about and his cronies.  All old white men who do not want to lose control.  They want to maintain the myth that they should be in power.  Speaking truth to power  is not very popular these days.
Because Byron Mallott is so white.
The 20-50MM illegal immigrant Hispanic Roman Catholics in Our Country are taught by the Roman Catholic Church that America was stolen from their ancestors by Black and White Protestants and Evangelicals.  Having turned Latin America into wall-to-wall brothels and slums through priestly molestation, the satanic stratagem of the pedo homo "real Anti-Christ" "engine for enslaving mankind" - identified by our Founder and Prophet, Mr. Jefferson (viz. to Samuel Kercheval, 19jan10) we Black and White "whigs" came here in express covenant with God to escape - by politically and logistically supporting an organized army of pawns of conformed Hispanic Roman Catholics, for invasion and conquest of God's actual prophesied "Promised Land," America, is available for every Patriot eye to see: "National Pastoral Plan for Hispanic Ministry," (Publication/Office of Publishing and Promotion Services, U.S. Catholic Conference, No. 199-7) - June, 1988.
After I read that comment I turned around in the restaurant I'm sitting in and all I see is pale white, overweight white guys. Where all them foreigners at? Doing jobs Americans don't want to?
Many people like me who want change in the way politics happen in this country followed the same path.   We were looking for a unifying figure, someone with integrity, courage, intelligence, and who placed country before party.  Of all politicians we researched, Tulsi cane on top.  Then, we realized that if Sanders had started his campaign earlier, he would have won the primary, in addition Tulsi improves upon Sanders in many fronts: She can't be called a "mysoginist white man", she is does not have a socialist stigma, she served in the military, she has been getting many bills turned to laws with bipartisan support.  She does not seek power and for those reasons, we want her to be POTUS. That's why we go out of our way to make her known, at every opportunity, and we want to pave the way, so that she can rely in a national network of excited volunteers if she decides to run.  We don't want only to complain the system is broken. This is an attempt to restore our democracy.
"Rock 'n' roll was a white male culture, that's just the fact of the matter..." Hmm, maybe not.    There was this singer/songwriter  in Chicago who played electric guitar. Charted his first record on Billboard 100 in (#5) in 1955. Appeared in the movie, "Rock, Rock, Rock" a year later.   He didn't play Blues or R&B.  He played rock and roll.  And made sure everybody knew it, too, with "Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll!" shouted out right in the middle of the song.   Name was Chuck Berry.  "white male culture" indeed!
I don't know if the hyperbole was intentional to provoke discussion, which it did, or Prof. Harron really expects white male professors to resign en masse, but I suspect it's the former. I'm pretty sure she bright enough (Phd. from Princeton) to know that her suggestion isn't going to be acted on. Aside from the disparity in employment for minorities and women at colleges and universities, there's ample evidence that these groups get paid less for doing the same jobs as their white male counterparts in pretty much every profession. So, yeah, I think she's got a point.
In this long and amateurish article there's no mention of Christian having done time in the Oregon State Penitentiary on assault and robbery charges. Why is that? Doesn't fit the tale they're trying to weave here? The guy is a violent convict with mental problems. And these two reporters are trying to tell us it means something bigger than that. One more time they make the allegation that Portland is racist because it's largely white. I for one am really tired of the Washington Post journalism in this newspaper.
I like your  credentials :), but no one is accusing you of being a small-minded white racist.  If concern for every aspect of my kids' lives makes me irrational, then I'm irrational.
I am just not sure if the 4-6% figure is really that important. Elections matter and most Americans don't vote. Any group that has the words "lives matter" should probably be given wide latitude by pro-life members of our society. Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, Donald Trump's, Colin Kaepernick, Martin Luther King's and all black, brown, white, and green lives matter. I'm not sure what the President doesn't get about that.
'Would you fight for Canada?' Why? What is there to fight for? We do not have a single culture, so we will just add on the invader's culture - all good. And as a white male, well, being marginalized is the name of the political game - so why would I defend that system?
White conservatives, mostly bigoted Babdists, think, wrongly, that there’s a white-only heaven. Nonsense. Heaven doesn’t exist. So all this heavenly judgment about who's what, who will go to hell, who's saved, who's not, et al, is all for naught.
They used to be 85 percent white at one point. I mean, black people weren't even allowed to play with whites till the 1950s, in the American South.
Very well said GIP. What is the point of this class, to discourage kids of colour from trying to succeed? There is a long list of brilliant scientists, mathematicians and astronomers from non-European countries this teacher might do better by identifying and reviewing their accomplishments than all of the successful white ones.
Hoowie! Talk about slanted comments as well as the article! So? People that want to preserve history are "white nationalist?" Okay, so let's all just forget about history and repeat the mistakes all over again, and this time on steroids. The car driver was one of the "white nationalist?" That just plowed into those people? Anyone else actually watch the films..? That driver, who was actually just someone trying to get home, was being attacked, and by guess who? It was not by the "white nationalist" that were not wearing masks!  This, was only too obviously, a very bad situation. Mistakes were made on both sides. Or were they? Was the pee pee poor response by Law Enforcement simply poor police work? Or, like in Portland as one example, were they ordered to hold back..?  Okay, there's not enough room here to really go into everything involved...   But one thing is certain. The Denver Post has crossed well over the line from fake news, and into pure propaganda by publishing this.
The result comes down to this.    Chinese saved the liberal party.   Richmond and Coquitlam Burkmountain both have strong Chinese population., the later is emerging center  for Chinese.   There are hardly any whites in these areas supporting Liberals.   If the demographics were the same as in 2013, it would have been a easy win for NDP.
You have something against women being Ambassador's, I know he should have picked some old white guy like Trudeau did with McCallum as Ambassador to China.
Looks like the republican party and Fox News need to re-invent the wheel and appeal to other people besides old white guys. There are a lot of younger conservatives and center right folks out there they need to win over. Republican voters are mad as hell and Trump has tapped into that resentment. One America News might move up a notch now in the conservative media world with Ailes leaving Fox.
Mr. Trump did not call out the white supremacists.  He did not condemn their actions.  His silence is condonation.  Just ask David Duke who commended Mr. Trump's statement.  Maybe the Republicans in the Senate and Congress will speak out against Mr. Trump's statement - it's not much but it would be something.
One could easily challenge the not-so-subtle accusation in the headline that "stereotypes" are bad or racist or whatever, in TV sitcoms.  Archie Bunker, in "All in the Family", was stereotype extraordinaire, the small-minded white redneck with no patience for ethnic minorities. Um, so what that he was a stereotype? Who cares? And his foil, his son-in-law, was also stereotype extraordinaire, the excitable white liberal hippy out to change the world.   So then, should we wag a judgmental finger at "All in the Family" as a whites-bashing, whites-stereotyping TV show?  Spare me the social-justice-warrior outrage, already. Stereotypes have been ingrained in every white-folks sitcom from "I Love Lucy" to "Family Ties" to "Frasier", over half a century. It is odd to judge THOSE shows purely on whether they were funny or not, whilst wringing one's anxious hands about whether "Fresh Off the Boat" might be - gasp - stereotyping.  Hello?  Parochialism is pretending to be sophistication...
People who steal have no empathy or compassion towards those from whom they steal. Laws and codes of conduct mean nothing to them. Our Constitution is the frame work for all Acts of Parliament yet civil asset forfeiture is diametrically opposed to Section 25 of our Supreme Law. It is by logical conclusion therefore inconsistent and invalid. Before you try to explain away the inconsistency please look to see what lies at the end of this road. Civil asset forfeiture, in the hands of someone like Julius Malema means that lots of South Africans, mainly whites, are homeless. Where there is no land there is neither life nor liberty.
I am really shocked at your mass generalization.  You assume there are no white fathers in jail?
Yes, I would put white supremacists and black supremacists in the same category, just like the Southern Poverty Law Center does.
And, as has been noticed, Trump said nothing, tweeted nothing, about the horrible attack on the mosque in Quebec by a would-be white supremacist but had plenty of time to comment on truly important matters like his daughter's clothing line and the Super Bowl. Atrocious.  As the Cons used to say here in Canada, this man is not a leader.
Racism is liberal code for Hate Whites and America.
Here's the reality the EC defenders can't get around.  The EC gives smaller populations disproportionate representation.  Greater than that of larger population centers--certainly greater per-capita than for more populated regions.  It is, as it was originally intended to be, a form of pro-white 'affirmative action".  Probably why melanistically-challenged voters so ardently defend it.  Along with the ongoing disenfranchisement of damn near everyone else.
Charles since you like to focus on race, perhaps you can explain this little anomaly for us...  "Black women comprise only 6% of the population of America but account for 37% of all abortions. Black women are five times more likely to abort than white women.  69% of pregnancies among Blacks are unintended, while that number is 54% among Hispanics and 40%  among Whites.  Next topic:  The Black Homicide Rate in Chi-Town.
“...a rule to keep guns out of the hands of certain mentally disabled people is on its way to being scrapped.” “The White House said Trump supports the bill and is likely to sign it.” ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Putting guns back into the hands of mentally disturbed people? Fifty-seven million Americans suffer from some form of mental illness. What could possibly go wrong!
That and more white crew-cab Ford pick-up control.
While open to the possibility of missing something important in the details of her lesson, all this really proves is that white kids watch a lot of white TV. Not denying that white privilege exists, just that there's no logical sequence in this half-explained article.   Meanwhile, what Lego character made the teacher pause her lesson?  MEANWHILE, are Lego's actually supposed to be white, or just from Legostania? It's YOUR question after all...
JeffS, no one is battling white guilt this just makes sense to be inclusive on all peoples concerns and possible issues it makes our society stronger by supporting all people.  Your statement is way out of line all of us pay taxes and thank goodness you're not in any position to determine what's good government.
White supremacists are in complete agreement.
People just need to use some COMMON SENSE. We live in a society where some people are too easily offended, which is sad! Be more thick-skinned people & stop being so oversensitive! Good grief, life is too short. Hallowe'en is about just having FUN! As long as no one is being seriously hurt & no one is acting like a criminal then leave the kids alone & let them have fun! As long as a person isn't a criminal & is not dressed-up like, just for example, a terrorist I DO NOT CARE what kind of costume a person wears! Live & let live. Last point, 'DO NOT judge a person until you have walked a mile in their shoes'! In other words, don't JUDGE a person until you get to know them! But what do I know?! (I'm a 45 year old, white male. So I guess that makes me a woman-hating, racist, criminal & pig, eh?!) As far as I AM concerned, racism & discrimination is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!!
Find another venue. I'm not going to pay $200 to watch BLM play a game and kneel during my country's anthem. In fact, I'm not going to watch that for free on TV. And all of this arm linking and kneeling in unison is just lipstick on a pig. Blacks are shot by cops almost never compared to whites, but whites understand that when you resist arrest and go after the cop's gun or try to kill him some other way, you might get shot. Seems to me that blacks want to resist arrest and have no consequences at all. We're a country of laws, not of black thugs. Lastly, I'm a combat vet - I've seen people die in combat fighting for this country. Don't insult my flag and my country over some victimhood lies and expect me to watch you do it.
Good article.  Liked the breakdown of the voters. Before the election people of color knew that a vote for him was a vote for bigotry and racism.  White people that voted for him are racist and/or accept racism and bigotry.  They wish they could go back to the good ol days of feeling supreme and superior just because the color of their skin.  They want to be considered and treated better than, and get perks, all for being born a certain color.  They mad that people of color are just as smart, educated, driven, loving, successful etc.. as them.  They want inequality again. They want racial covenants to dictate neighborhoods again.  They want segregation of housing, schools, pools, hospitals, & restaurants again. They want employment discrimination again where only white men need apply. They want Jim Crow / Black Codes again. That is what MAGA means.
There are some justice in what you wrote. However, what happens back in the 1940s and 50s, have been totally been flushed down the toilet by modern historians who clearly acknowledge the contribution of black troops in building the Alaska Highway. This is not a new thing but relatively been going on for the past 25 years. Mistreatment of black troops during World War II go with the mistreatment of black people everywhere during that time period. Black troops building the Alaska Highway were NOT the only black troops treated unfairly. All black units suffered under the segregation known by many historians as "military Jim Crow". But we cannot change history but yet if we overhype the contribution of the black units, we only lessen other units. Today, nearly all history books regarding the Alaska Highway, acknowledge black units. All monuments along the way do the same or they don't just say "white people built this all by themselves" type of thing. Further honors is really unnecessary.
I was curious as to how Forbes was released quickly from jail and a 5k bail. I don’t have proof she’s connected to the good old white boy club that includes, but is not limited to, judges, lawyers, and politicians. I’ll let you do the research and be the judge for yourself, but this has the stench of Alexdra Ellis, Michael Wolverton, and Richard Stone all over it. Try Anita L., Glenn T., Sasha M., and Kirsten...all Forbes in Anchorage.
I don't find it amusing at all. Trump embraced and didn't push back against white nationals who supported his campaign. That group alone, as exemplified by the knife wielding murderer in the article, has been responsible for much violence in this country through the years. Then there are also the public lands occupiers who have also threatened violence when taking over public lands and facilities. We aren't talking about huge numbers of violent conservatives at Trump rallies and otherwise supporting him. What is important is Trump's validation of violent fringe elements in his party, something other conservatives should find as reprehensible as do liberals. Trump, after all is the standard bearer for the GOP and his actions,good,bad and, in this case, ugly reflect on all conservatives,   In the case of liberal protesters, there is a violent "lunatic fringe" as well but they represent the tiniest minority of demonstrators and aren't being encouraged by Democratic leaders.
Then you speak of voting rights, and women's political power?  I find it ironic that Liliuokalani, whose new constitution was the straw that broke the camels back, and brought on the Revolution of 1893, thought it was perfectly OK for a woman to be Queen, but didn't think that woman should be able to vote, per her "new" power grabbing constitution. People today apparently love Liliuokalani more today than they loved her then.  The Polynesians rioted when her brother David Kalakaua stole the election for Monarch from Queen Emma, and looked upon her and her brother as usurpers, as they were not from the Kamehameha clan, but from the Aikanaka clan.  When Liliuokalani came to the throne and made the customary tour of the island the Polynesians refused to bring food stuffs out to her entourage at each stop.  The royal help were forced to ask the white folks for food which they gladly gave. In 1895 she could only muster less than 175 men to take part in her dismal counter revolution.  Why?
My Dutch name is unpronounceable to virtually all Canadians, and I've had an entire lifetime of incidences like the one described. As I am white, I do not ascribe too much to these encounters... it's simply that most people do not speak Dutch.
This is obviously a great signal to all people of the Church's desire to extend God's mercy — including to men who have pressured or influenced women into aborting.   Despite the side tracking about contraception or men controlling women or some silliness about white celibate men.... this is good news and can help people get right with God.
PLEASE note that I posted  - during the heat of battle - NOT concerning consequential events. If he had been shot the whole matter would be a nothing. I have to laugh at the focus on legalities - the terrorists dont care, the ME dictators du jour dont care. We try to but the border between legal and illegal does become nebulous in any wartime combat scenario. How about civilian colateral damage .... or the use of Black Ops ... or the petro dollars avaibale in the ME to fund jihadists ... like 9 - 11 ...  The terrorists win when we get side tracked with internal quibbles. And believe me it is a complex subject with no simplistic black-white Conservative-Liberal solutions. Been there .....
Ted Bundy was white. You're white. What does that tell you?
The photo illustrating this piece is perfect - two old, rich, white guys expressing concern that the low rate of minority enrolment in American colleges v.s minority demographics is still too much for them.
I don't think all whites are racists, however, they all do benefit from white privilege. When ever I forget I'm black, some white person feels obligated to remind me. I have put up  with more than 6 decades of this nonsense. Do I have to be a saint to make the majority of white folks comfortable? That doesn't sound like equal rights under the law and in practice. I'm discussing facts and most white folks want to talk about their feelings, like I don't have any.
To a certain extent you are correct, however there is more to it than that. Native culture was communal; white immigrants pre-Prudhoe Bay discovered the necessity to work together as had Native peoples for thousands of years before they arrived. Ironically, there were many white Republicans who greatly resembled this ideology, to. Alaskan Republicans of old were more communal than many of today's Democrats. I could give you examples from our history, but space limits this, so you might want to look for yourself: you might be greatly surprised!
Lets try the new comment platform ...June 2007 Davy put rates up ,even with advise from the big banks this was wrong way move (hold or cut) BNS put out a white paper why this was really bad move (turmoil ensued ) bond traders an FX specialists worked together ,driving the dollar higher ,the only option to get on right side of the trade . Heads rolled on the bond desks ....Mark came in to fix it.  Now fast forward to June of this year ,at TBT debate with Dave using bullet points from BNS white paper (he is on the board of BNS now) well it didn't last long , his voice became very hoarseness. Anyway water under the bridge now.
Trump is very good at fooling his supporters into believing that their difficulties are due to "illegal aliens", but good luck trying to get a white guy to pick crops or clean out motel rooms.  The reason you don't see Hispanic people on the street corner with a Please Help sign is that they are too busy working for a living.  Stephen J. Remington
White can have his own opinion, but not his own "facts."  In 2013 there were Syrian chemical attacks or reports of same on: 3-19,3-24,4-13,4-29,& 8-21. (Congress didn't "refuse" to approve osama's so called "red-line", on 9-10, osama advised Congress to POSTPONE a vote, as he and Carrie were negotiating with the Russians!) In 2014: attacks on 4-11,& 9-10. In 2015: attacks in March and 8-21. In 2016, attacks on 3-16,8-10,9-7 & 12-13.  No response from osama on any of these, except maybe babbling.  In 2017 attack on 4-4 and FINALLY a US response with cruise missile strikes on the airfield responsible.  obama's "red-line" was a completely empty threat, as continued attacks throughout his presidency attest to.  The 8 years of an empty chair.  And, as any lefty will tell you...there ARE no WMD's in Iraq, or Syria, or any other arab nation in the middle east...LOL...and I've got some GREAT beach front property for you in South Dakota!
I do. I also notice that far fewer unarmed white folks get gunned down than unarmed minorities as well.  Did you have a point?
Doesn't give him the right to run out and kill an animal that his people had no subsistence or traditional knowledge use for. Quit trying to justify what this jackass did. It's widespread incidents such as this, that keep the U.S. and Alaska government from turning over game management to the tribes. Face the truth. Back in the Golden Era, before those evil, murderous, white people showed up with their guns, medicine, agriculture, automobiles, houses, roads, clean drinking water, etc., the norm throughout most of Alaska involved frequent periods of starvation, with a few exceptions in the Aleutians and on the southern coast of the state. A good example can be found in the journal of Lt. Allen when he finally made it to the Copper River basin. Entire tribes were starving in a land that was hunted bare.  Saying what I have doesn't make me a racist, because I'm not. I merely indicates I'm honest and unafraid to speak truth.
What do you think our current vetting consists of? We most definitely vet for ideology. We just don't equate that to religion, capitalism, or white culture. Or think that someone who is willing to petition their government for redress is unpatriotic.
This entire issue was created by Donald Trump, and him alone. He twisted and distorted a peaceful protest of social justice into disrespect for the flag or the national anthem. The players involved have made it crystal clear from the beginning what they were protesting, and it was not the flag or the national anthem. This is a fact. It was clearly about the social injustice that exists in our country, and the social injustice that is expanding under a clueless president. Trump has brought racism into the mainstream, and his past comments and actions show that it's very clear that he supports racism and white nationalists. There are videos, tweets, and audio recordings that prove this. There is no disputing it, although Trump supporters will somehow blame Hillary or Obama for this. Trump's followers have gotten to be a joke, and the more they speak up supporting Trump's bizarre words and actions, the more of a joke it is. All Trump is doing is dividing our country and promoting hate.
You never hear much about the "white male privilege" of sacrificing body or life for Canada. Nor do you hear much much about the fact that women and visible minorities in the military, especially  combat units, are grossly underrepresented.  I wonder if the Forces are as proactive in recruiting everyone but white males as Ryerson: "We welcome those who would contribute to the further diversification of our staff including, but not limited to, women [who outnumber men in many faculties], visible minorities, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity. "
What is really sad is that BLMTO is a racist organization.  I am no Trudeau fan but not in a million years could I agree with anyone who called him a White Supremacist.  Also, if you read the reports on the Pride AGM, when someone who wasn't black tried to speak he was drowned out with screams of "White Privilege".   Anyone who gives BLMTO the time of day is supporting racism.  (and yes I know someone will flag me and this post will disappear, but the truth is the truth.)
No, Rogue.  They are simply annoying Trump and his voters.   Trump is a draft dodger who claims non-white people aren't patriotic enough.
I think she can make a comment about white angst without being accused of racism if it is also true that a white person can make a comment about another race without it being accused of racism.  Either both are racist or neither are racist.
Most people on the right believe in live and let live. We want to be left alone, and want to leave others alone as well. This changes as soon as someone tramples on my constitutional rights. We have a right to free speech. The only people who disagree are the radical left. They would have us all segregated again, or worse, genocided because of their white guilt. It's not that black lives don't matter, it's that white guilt matters more, so better hate yourselves and elevate minorities to virtue signal solidarity. So gross.
Experience has taught me much.  Those who talk most about others being dishonest are the people most likely to lie to me.  Those who talk most about the stupidity of others are most likely the least intelligent in the group.    And students of Saul Alinksy (at whose feet Hillary studied, and whose rules guest lecturer Obama taught) are the ones who adhere to his vicious rules, e.g. to isolate, personalize, and attack with irrational name calling.   Never specifics.  Never reasoned argument. Always with pontification and pronouncement.     So I wonder.  Do you see the irony of being such an obviously angry white man ... or the hubris in speaking for people you classify by other colors ... as an outsider ... among people whose greatest governor proudly declared us  America's finest example of the Melting Pot.  Luke, we are all equally the same, and all equally unique.  So I ask. Why do you white boys feel entitled to parse us into "ethnic" boxes for which you declare yourself protector?
For any group of diverse humans striving to become one people, communication is key, and sometimes it takes us out of our comfort zone. Does that make it wrong? The Professor was trying to start a conversation about racial discrimination, and probably she should have been more sensitive to how her attempt would be viewed.  She does not deserve to have her life turned upside down.  Ms. Moultry seems to have missed the point of 'Black Like Me', which was to get the perspective of a Black while being treated like a Black, by both  blacks and whites.
I tried but cannot understand what you are saying. So 'acknowledging privilege' will put food on the table of the poor (oppressed)? How about the effect of a well run state on the well-being of the state? True, to the wealthy usually comes further easy wealth - but this is NOT the case for the majority of whites, who simply want SA to succeed and thereby help themselves and their fellow South Africans of ALL RACES. If you tar us all with the same brush I say to hell with you.
I think that if someone really wants to make America great again, they will need to look at people as individuals, and not part of some "group".  I am half Yupik, and half White, but as such, I don't identify with Natives, nor Whites, nor even Breeds.  I have family, friends, neighbors, and a State and a Country that I belong to.  I served in the U.S.Army. I am an American, who just happens to have a slightly different background and life-experiences than anyone else ... just like everyone else has.  I am an American, address me as such.  Don't cater to any of the other things, as that is not me.  I am an American, a citizen of the most beautiful country in the world.  God bless America ... and we will survive whomever becomes our next president, and the next, and the next.  I am an American!
“I'm not alone in feeling uneasy about a public schoolteacher in Canada talking to 12-year-olds about how "the lesson of the day is white privilege.”  Of course you aren’t! That’s why you read The Rebel and attend the Klan meeting. So that you’re not alone.
It is true that they could leave the statues in place and supplement them with monuments to the victims of the Confederate "heroes". But I think it's part of the healing process to remove the statues. When the Reconstruction period ended around 1876 and the foundations of the Jim Crow apartheid system were being laid, terrorism was rife throughout the south and into the mid-west. The installation of the memorials was part of the reassertion of white supremacy and a whitewashing of history, presenting slavers, war criminals, and traitors as heroes. Therefore, I don't see how preserving a whitewash is "respecting" history. Leaving the monuments alone is "politcally correct" to many in the white population of the South. Taking them down and replacing them with educational and factual accurate monuments would be a step toward real reconciliation. However, the white supremacists don't want reconciliation and will never accept it. That is the crux of the matter.
Within my own living memory, Canada was 99% white. It was Trudeau Sr. who changed all of that.  I don't recall there ever being a referendum on it.
Alt-right voters?  I would guess they make up about 5% of the voters.   Are you serious?  Priceless coming from a white male, who probably grew up in an upper class neighborhood.  I highly doubt you know anything about the criminal justice system except that which you read from liberal rags such as the Huffington Post.  Care to share some of this well documented evidence of racism by Federal prosecutors?  They don't arrest the people they prosecute.  I guess the Federal Judges are complicit as well?  The juries too?
Why were there no white supremacists until Trump was elected and now they supposedly comprise half of our country?
tRump is "charismatic" only in the sense that Hitler and Mussolini were charismatic - a rather dubious distinction and reflection, dontcha think?  Remember tRump is Putin's guy!  Your epithet "coalition of the disgruntled" is more aptly applied to all those "whitelash" voters who voted their not-so-latent racism and misogyny, and not their economic interests.  A majority of white WOMEN voted for the "p***y-grabber" rather than Clinton.  Go figure?  Democrats do have to turn to the next generation of leaders.  Turn the page - don't look back.  I think it was time for Pelosi to step down.  Chucky Schumer is not the future.  My preference for DNC chair would be someone like Van Jones - young, African-American, articulate.    Californians may have a lot to say about the future of the Democratic Party:  Kamala Harris, Gavin Newsome, etc. Antonio Villaraigosa just got married again [in Mexico] - does this signal that at age 63 he is running for governor?  Time will tell ...
Funny you should say that.  Adolf Hitler was perhaps one of the first "animal rights activists".  In 1933 his government promulgated the most comprehensive animal protection laws ever seen in any western nation.  Medical research on animals was prohibited, and per Hitler's view unnecessary.  He had plenty of Jews and Gypsies on which to experiment.  Amazing how much the "animal welfare/animal rights/no-kill" extremists have in common with the Nazis.  Scratch any so-called "animal rights" extremist and a white supremacist pops out like pus from a boil.  Cat-fanatics hurled racial epithets and arson threats as a black family in August, GA for calling animal control to remove "colony" cats from their business property.  Priscilla Feral "Friends of Animals" reviled Native Alaskans for hunting seals, and whale advocate John Hargrove probably holds the record for the most 'N'-words in one drunken rant.  These twisted individuals care more about animals than about people.  Just like Hitler.
That's the beauty of the English language. Unlike Mr. Trump, there are nuances in most every point of view. Not everything has to be absolutely black or white.
"Anecdotal evidence suggests..."  No it doesn't.  It suggests that you're just making things up because you don't have any *actual* evidence for these claims.  It's not clear that when Bannon said "platform for the alt-right" he was referring to the specific subset of white nationalists.  There is no indication that Bannon himself is a white nationalist.  A more accurate term would be American nationalist.  Anti-immigration, anti-PC, anti-Muslim, pro-Jingoism.   If this is racism then it's a specific *kind* of racism that was mainstreamed after 9/11 and describes the views of at least half the people in this country.    People respond by saying that Islam is not a race and therefore it's not racism.  But it's no coincidence that we're bombing the crap out of a certain region and that this kind of foreign policy probably would not be tolerated if we were bombing all the terrorists in Ireland or some Eastern European country.  It's only acceptable because Muslims are "others."
Your not playing Brett, Ruben Reyes is playing and he played you. Surely you know the meaning of the term.  . He posts under multiple aliases and always takes an adversarial and petty role to lower the level of the discourse. Whenever someone calls him on it he appeals to authority, the moderators or in this case the author to protect him from anyone who dares challenge him.  When the thread goes stale he deletes all his posts to obscure his disruptive activities . No need to get defensive about it, Ruben is a pro at manipulating people. Anyway how is whining about the misspelling the name Ruben on topic? And his bigoted white people and dumb Jews comment? What aspect of the topic exactly do those slurs address?
1. What "bait and switch", Suvesh? No one else sees it. 2. Why do you criticise the people who reject a pogrom on white men? Do you want a pogrom? 3. You know that rejecting racism but accepting HuffPo and Verashni's endorsement of a pogrom on white men is inconsistent, don't you? 4. You get it that a hoax that exposes vicious misandry and racism intersecting at the tip of media proves Roodt's point that white men are "the right targets", and strips away the fiction that patriarchy rules the world, don't you?
Such BS.  I'm white.  I lived and had friends on Wygant street in the early 80s when I was a young teacher of immigrants.   I have a black adopted daughter and Goddaughter.   You are completely mis-informed.  Perhaps spend too much time with the 'new' white millinials that live on Wygant street now with their 'different' experiences?   I belong to the MAC club.  Less white than Division St. on a Saturday night.  My mother and grandmother lived on 32nd and Powell in a house my grandfather built. Starting in the twenties, and great friends with a black family next door.
You seem to think there aren't nazis in Europe. Why do you think the nazis and white supremacists, in this country, voted for 45?  Why do you think the nazis in this country are so happy that 45 was elected president? When 45 picked bannon,  miller and gorka, why were the nazis, again, so happy? Did you note how 45 can whine about the 'fake' media but had to be pushed to say anything about the anti-Semitism going on in this country? You can see conspiracies everywhere but in your backyard. Sad. Bigly.
So, anyone who isn't white and has an accent is now a J-1 employee? There are a LOT of American citizens who speak less-than-perfect English. Some of them even... *gasp*... have jobs in the community.
Votes in Montana or Wyoming are not worthless. They should have the same worth as any other voter, but not more, as is the case under the electoral college system. Remember "All men are created equal"? And they still have greater value in the US senate.  In fact, the current system does allow election of presidents without broad support. Trump is a good example. He lost in the west coast states by about 40% to 60%. In Washington state Trump only got about 38% of the vote.  The polls on direct presidential election found that 70+% level of support among Republican, Democrats, Independents, Men, Women, Black, White, red stares, blue states, populous states, states with few people. It was that high across all demographic groups.
Not quite, for 300 years white people have been assimilating themselves into American society.  They were willing to give up their language, culture, ethnic identity, and traditions in order to become Americans.  Minorities today - not so much.
As this article notes terror attacks in London are not new with over 130 terrorist incidents in London perpetrated by Irish nationalists. Most of these took place as part of its 1975–1998 campaign during "the Troubles" in Northern Ireland beginning in 1970 and continuing up to 2001.  And the last British MP killed? Labour MP Jo Cox by a Neo-Nazi far-right white supremacist. That incident was the first killing of a sitting British MP since the death of Conservative MP Ian Gow, who was murdered in a Provisional Irish Republican Army terrorist attack in 1990.  Neo-Nazi David Copeland (aka the London Nail Bomber) bombed Black British, South Asian and LGBT populations on a 13-day campaign In April 1999 in the hope of triggering a UK race war - 3 died and more than 140 were injured in the attacks. His inspiration was The Turner Diaries, a novel referred to as the "bible of the racist right" by American white supremacist William Luther Pierce.  Terrorists are not limited to radical Islamists.
The race card has been at play here on Alaska and in Anchorage and everywhere else for the past 150 years, so no, don't even start with that BS. For starters, it's always been: "Us white folks are the only ones allowed to play the race card, heah me?" I'll call you and everyone else on it every time.
In the article it states that "the population of gray whales in the eastern part of the North Pacific Ocean — including the Bering Sea — is considered healthy and as of 1994, was no longer considered endangered" so if that's the case what's the problem with natives taking a non endangered animal?  It wasn't the natives who hunted whales close to extinction, it was the white man.  If natives were allowed to live their life and white people stayed away then we'd still have plenty of whales in the sea.  It was the white people who came and rape the resources.  It will be the whites who will spill oil all over the natural wilderness of Alaska in future.  It's the selfishness of white people that's destroying this world.   Leave the natives alone and let them live their life.
I have zero doubt that in private your view of people of color is very low.  You find ways to justify your opinion by finding examples of bad behavior or corrupted individuals.  You remain convinced that non white races simply don't have the values that will elevate them to what you consider a 'good life' of white anglo Saxon citizen.   You can deny it all you want.  You are not alone.   There are behaviors in social/racial/economic groups that I am glad to challenge and disagree with.   But I go out of my way not to stereotype any particular group and stick to the behavior.   I make mistakes in judgement and when I realize it I try to fix it.  You on the other hand relish your role of flame thrower 'to keep the conversation going'.   We have very different values and that's OK by me, as long as you don't try to hurt those that I love.  It just happens that I like a very broad group of people.   I would imagine we share that, you must certainly have those in your life you protect.
If you proudly pose with a Confederate Flag, it's reasonable for people to assume you identify with the meaning behind that flag, which in this case is White Supremacy. If you don't want people to think you're a Nazi, don't pose with the Nazi flag; if you don't want people to think you're a White Supremacist, don't pose with the Confederate Flag. It's that simple.
Bannon is a Catholic who believes the West is engaged in a clash of civilizations with Islam that will determine the very survival of Western Christian culture. Why wouldn't he care who's pope? Especially since Francis is Muslim-friendly.  The Catholic far right also seems to have developed an appreciation for Vladimir Putin as a defender of white Christianity. (I base this on scattered impressions from inadvertent encounters with the Catholic fringe and the occasional news piece.) As we know the Bannon-Trump admin is quite fond of Vlad.
The founders were "technically traitors" to the Crown of England. However, the Confederacy were traitors to the United States of America.  Why are you offering up technicalities to defend the traitorous white supremacist Confederacy?
Not jawaiian, but white cali  surfer boys. the jawaiians came much later....the feds are all over it already....
The 2nd Amendment is a white privilege. How often can a black men showing an AR-15 argue with a white cop and live? That is a white privilege. I've seen white men do that and walk away with their lives. I've never seen a black man get away with that.
"The fact that these monuments were explicitly erected to serve as expressions of white supremacy ..;.."     Is that indeed a "fact"?  Sounds more like an opinion to me.   I don't see these statues and monuments as being "celebrations" of racism or white supremacy at all.  That's a fantasy concocted by the radical left and the self-proclaimed Social Justice Warriors, who see it as their mission to tell other people what to think and how to live.
Now you're not making sense, what's golf got to do with this? When I talked about the murders of gays in Syria, which ISIS does there buckshot, I was saying that it is a bit far for his message that he was trying to convey but resteered the topic back to the fact that Muslim bakers do discriminate and you guys don't get all hurt over it. So why the double standard? The law is a grey area man, it  is not black and white as to who is wrong and who is right.
No isn't irrelevant. The issue is blacks are being shot more than whites. Based on the FBI's report individuals breaking the law are more apt to be shot than individuals not committing crimes. When you have 13% of the population committing over half of the murders in the country, odds are that 13% would and should be a focus point with our law enforcement agencies
Only when the terrorist is white.
I don't consider myself a leftist.  I have always been registered as Independent, and have frequently voted for Republicans.  Of course, they were Republicans like John Heinz and Dick Thornburgh;  however, appointing a white nationalist as your chief of staff and another supporter saying internment camps could be a useful tool doesn't really require anything additional from me to inflame the worries of a new fascism.  As for Margaret Sanger's beliefs, I certainly would not rule them out in our time, especially if they proved beneficial to Christian coffers.  In that case, they would then be known as sacraments.
There were no "very fine people" on the side of the white nationalists, Nazis, fascists and Klan. Even if one grants that it's possible to oppose moving Confederate symbols and statues from public property without endorsing racism and slavery, no "fine" person willingly links their cause to the Nazis and Klan. The torch rally was not a candle-lit procession; it was eerily reminiscent of rallies by the Klan and the Nazis. "Fine people" don't march along with folks who are chanting "Jews will not replace us"; who believe that Trump is not racist enough because he "gave his daughter to a Jew." There was no moral equivalency; the president's moral blindness is on full display. This does not justify violence from the left, but it also does not support the preposterous claim that both sides are equally to blame. The blame falls squarely on the morally repugnant racism of the alt-right and the president who embraces them and is embraced by them. The fact that Trump is a racist is not news.
Reading this, we are never told of any band playing Seattle (except perhaps Slutvomit and Death in June - See below) that is specifically a White Nationalist bands. Where are these bands? Who are they? Do you have any fliers, facebook event links, anything anywhere showing us of any WN bands playing anywhere?   Also, Death in June is not a blatant example of white nationalism. They do use imagery that are dark and take from concepts around WW2. These concepts can be challenging to some on the left, including the Antifa whom protest their shows but a quick wikipedia of the band would show you that this band is not a "blatant example".  (I was a part of the whole oi and punk scene in the 80s and we DID have battle with outright Nazis and WN. This is serious business to some of us.)
The fact that you even bring up the gender of Hildabeast says it all. You're voting with your V, imaginary or otherwise. Perhaps voting with your brain would yield better, more fruitful rewards. Nobody really cares about Obama's race, other than liberals who're plagued with the self-imposed affliction of "white guilt".  I've said it before, and I'll say it again this time. I just don't like the man. It's not his race, I wanted Alan Keyes to pick up the GOP nomination in 2000, and thought Herman Cain was a much better candidate than milk-toast Romney. I dislike Obama because he's a radical socialist revolutionary who spent his whole life hanging around the same; he's a shadow-man who came out of nowhere to win the presidency, and the fact that most of his experience was in community organizing.  He made all kinds of crazy promises during his 2008 campaign, and I thought they would be disastrous ( I was right about that). To this day though I give him credit for keeping his word.
I prefer the term "white supremacy" to "racism" because it's more accurate when discussing the ongoing nature of American social, political, economic, legal and educational institutions.  Having said that, I feel ya Ms. Burke.  It does matter.  And I say this as the father of two grown children of mixed African, Arab and European heritage, and five grandchildren of African, Arab, Fijian and European heritage.  My best wishes, Ma'am...
Sorry, but no 'white' person has the right to judge. Accept this. JM Coetzee understood it in 'Disgrace'. This is not about Marianne's credentials. She is a great journo.
Dishonesty is what is killing the so called liberal western civilization. One example is the narrative of our Founding Fathers. Folks like Brooks ignored the fact that most of them were slave owning rapists that built the macro economics of the nation on race based slavery and ethnic cleansing. White racism is still at the root of most of our domestic problems.  Another example is the way the elites destroyed virtually any relationship between hard work and success. Trump didn't avoid paying taxes by himself. The game was rigged long before his election. Being a hard working tax payer makes you a chump. One more example is our criminal justice system. Justice is not blind in this country. The quality of justice you get depends on your gender, race, class, mental health, and wealth or lack there of. Folks like Brooks were quite comfortable with all of that. They have no problem being the beneficiaries of global rape, robbery, torture, and murder. He is part of the problem too.
Seattle, like most cities in this country, has a white supremacist problem.  All white supremacists must be purged from ALL police departments as well as the military, or the US will become a full fledged nazi state very soon.
Let me ask you - which political party TODAY has the most people in it who associate themselves with Nazis/white supremacy? IMO, if I was part of a political affiliation in which nearly 100% of people who identify as white supremacists (you know, the people who we fought an entire World War against) made up even a small percentage of the party, I would seriously have to reconsider my political beliefs.  BLM/AntiFa might be violent sometimes, but they are not promoting segregation, or that their race is more dominant than any others, or that 1 religion is better than another.
"Maybe the BLM leadership voices condemnation for the violence and crime committed by individuals taking the BLM message to the extreme. If this WLM leadership were to voice a non-violent approach while the members committed crimes in the WLM name would they be removed from the “hate group list”?" If they are members of the group why would their designation change?  As it states in the article, many are blaming those people being violent that aren't a part of the BLM movement. But BLM gets the blame. I see White Lives Matter signs along with confederate flags, I see racism. I love how these same people tell black Americans to 'get over it' when it comes to slavery while at the same time, they continue to fight the civil war.
After Vegas Tragedy, Wingnut Georgia GOPer’s Governor Campaign Promotes ‘Bump Stock Giveaway’ The candidate, Georgia State Sen. Michael Williams, shows he cares about mass killings by white domestic terrorists by giving away another of the implements of rapid fire death. Republican values...
That disgusting language you are so offended by from me wasn't disgusting when you voted for the guy who actually did brag about grabbing strangers' p-- and who did brag about barging in on teenaged girls who are dressing/undressing. That disgusting segregationist racist behavior wasn't enough to keep you from voting for and still defending the guy who actually perpetrated the illegal anti-black racist segregationist acts. Save the pretense. Stop going all Scarlett O'Hara with the vapors with me when I'm just reminding you of the actual words and actual actions of the lecherous racist Trump University fraudster you actually voted for and continue to defend even after he states that some neo-Nazis are "good people" and retweets white supremacists.
Fall Kabib wrote: "Yeah big news ADN....so what is going on with the 4 black people who kidnapped and tortured the mentally handicapped white guy? You buried the article so far down I cannot find it now. Why did you do this?"  Actually the potential of a 4" rise in sea level is a big deal and very news worthy. Why do you think a local Chicago crime story is so important to us here in Alaska?
What's called solidarity or identity in non-whites is called racism in whites. Somebody thinks they've got something to gain by getting us to fight each other.
Whites make up about 65% of the total population, so that bird don't hunt. Look at the % by race statistics and then you will get The real numbers. But then again, you probably don't want the truth do you.
Hebdo was lauded for mocking muslims. Not so mocking white people. For the crime of mocking white Americans, vehement scorn for Charlie Hedbo was commonplace yesterday. “An evil, despicable cover,” opined National Review’s Tiana Lowe, who nonetheless added that “the losers at Charlie Hebdo have a God-given right to publish it.” Infowars’ Paul Joseph Watson, long a fan of Charlie Hebdo’s anti-Muslim cartoons and an advocate of the duty to re-publish their content, yesterday announced that, actually, one may hate and denounce their cartoons while still supporting their free speech rights: “The Charlie Hebdo cover is offensive & dumb, and I fully support their right to be as offensive & dumb as they like.” The right-wing actor James Woods announced: “So much for ‘Je Suis Charlie,’ I guess,” calling the cartoonists “French traitors” in a hastag he added. National Review’s Byron York, showing a picture of the new cover, was similarly candid: “Today, we are not all Charlie Hebdo.”
what's  being  ignored  is  black  violence,  towards  police  officers  and whites. While  that  continues  I'll  ignore  their   false  narrative.  Started  with  over  fed  thug  Brown in Ferguson   who  was  guilty  as  sin.  Abetted  by LBB Barry.
The wife  and I have seen enough. Living in a Concealed Carry state, we're going out to purchase firearms today, and get our CCW's.   Didn't ever think it would come to this, and although pro 2nd Amendment, never saw the need to arm myself. I do now. After all, I'm a prime target -  I'm a middle-aged white guy, with a American flag on my tailgate.
Why are animal right people... those that consider themselves our Moral Superiors, primarily:  -Urban -White -Women  And why do they never add diversity to their protests? It's always N.A. restaurants and Euro-centric foods.
Free to a new home:  Man-sized carbuncle that thinks whites are superior to everyone else, despite the evidence presented by its mirror and the people around it. Not recommended for homes with children, pets, adults or anyone who doesn’t want a white supremacist sleeping on the living room couch.
1. Africville was not a dump - the city placed a dump next to the community;  2. The city collected property taxes from the residents of Africville, so it's a falsehood to claim that they were squatters; 3. It was without plumbing and paved roads becuase the city of Halifax refused to install these amenities, despite frequent petitions from residents; 4. Do you have stats to back your assertion that it was a 'violent, crime-ridden community?' 5. White people were glad to see it gone. Not so much the ANS community. And yes, the housing at Uniacke Square was newer, but many of these families went from being homeowners to tenants. Hardly a great step forward for most.
My thought exactly.  The only people he hasn't demonized as a group are white males.  He's certainly gone after individuals.  So in truth, maybe the only group he hasn't demonized is his immediate family, and that indeed, is a very very small group.
Maybe just maybe someone can start talking about a system that is fundamentally rigged.  You know the one where 1% own 83% of the stocks. It will be hard for people to digest and understand intellectually (forget about con voters altogether as they prefer the simple black and white) but it would be a refreshing change.
So by your theory I can only assume you believe BLM would be black supremacists? If I'm black and announce BLM I'm not a supremacist but if I'm white and said white lives matter I am a supremacist?  I'm trying to wrap my brain around whatever hypocritical logic you lefties use. I just can't do it. I unfortunately do not have weeks to protest this as I have a company to run, taxes to pay, and a family to feed so on with my life.
Yeah that's what we really need a bunch of middle aged white guys compensating for their lack of sexual prowess marching to Washington with AR-15's strapped to their back.  And going against the government?  That Ar-15 ain't going to be much help when there is a Hellfire missile knocking at your door.  And I am having fun, I know how sensitive you all are about your ammosexual tendencies.
Question for Victimitis and the other female feminist posters...  Since when do old white men get to dictate what a women can do with her body?
Didn't Pocahontas have her white boy begging her for more of that forbidden fruit? Can you imagine what the Chump would do to get some?
You must wonder why blacks eventually relinquished their hold on white slaves. I've heard that's why the Civil War was fought, because southern blacks were using whites to make cotton king.
Bundys = Packed firearms and occupied federal and native property. Acted as a militia and pursued the rejection of federal authority. Acquittal.   Standing Rock = Protest against a privately owned pipeline that is threatening Standing Rock. "Sedition" smashed by tear gas and militarized riot police. Police put MRAPs on display. Peaceful protesters  arrested, strip searched, processed, and given court dates.   How wonderful to finally offer the world the perfect example of white privilege and how the laws of the land bear their weight differently on all of us.
Again, what does that have to do with the subject of this article which is Trump cutting funding that combats white extremism? Can you please stick to the subject of this article please?....
I doubt Trump will leave the party, far from it.  I think the real danger is down the road with changing demographics.  The GOP can get away with being a whites only party for a few more election cycles, but eventually unless they can find a way to do better amongst minorities they are in trouble.  Also Canada is a multi-party system thus why parties can come and go while US is a two party system so parties tend to change there rather than die out.  The death of the PCs is more akin to the marginalization of the Liberals in the UK who used to be one of the two main parties but are now a perennial third party.  They also like the PCs did merge with Labour dissidents in the late 80s who formed the Social Democratic Party thus merged to be the Liberal Democrats.
I cannot remember what you said exactly as ADN has removed your post due to being uncivil.  When someone is rude, I forget their posts almost immediately.  When someone responds respectfully, I try to see their viewpoint.  And whatever you said that was disrespectful, I can guarantee it was not because you said "white".
Good article Margaret.   Very thought provoking!  Are we racist because we object to things that other people , regardless of race, religion, etc., do that goes against what we personally, or as a society, consider proper behavior?  However, as other commenters have mentioned, white folks seem to have been especially singled out as racists by individuals neglecting to consider that they are treated better in Canada than white folks would be treated in the country they came from.  And, then of course there are those that are just plain bitter about how life treats them not realizing that they've brought it upon themselves with self-serving attitudes.
The altra-left wants these statues remove as a means to eliminate the History of the country. To them America is unjust, immoral, racist, bigoted, sexist, and homophobic, but the History doesn't paint that picture. The country fought a war to abolish slavery, a racist country wouldn't do that. And would a racist country elect a black man twice a President, Obama's eight year will have to be removed. White men help women get the right to vote, white men allowed a women to run for the highest office in the land, a sexist country won't do that. Hillary's run will have to be removed. Same sex couples can marry, how many downtown parts of any city in the country was burned and looted after the Supreme Courts decision? The bigotry,"intolerance towards those who hold different opinion to ones self", in American, is on the left. No cities was burned or looted after the gay marriage decision. Can't say that after last years election. Extreme behavior is on BOTH SIDES. Trump's correct.
Pastoral theology 101 - thank you    Now, MSW, allow to para-phrase and adopt this approach to another pastoral theological issue - abortion. a) Coccopalmiero - "......repeated affirmation of the firm resolve to remain faithful to the Church's teaching on abortion and the family...." b) Francis -  "The Church possesses a solid body of reflection concerning mitigating factors and situations. Hence it can no longer simply be said that all those facing an abortion situation are living in a state of mortal sin and are deprived of sanctifying grace."   MSW - suggest that the failure of too many of the so-called catholic pro-birth groups is that they adopt a black and white, either or, good evil approach.  They fail to address basic human dignity; to start with the folks involved; impact on families, etc.    To add:  ".."respect the ontology of the person" which entails those parts of our personhood we share as human beings in common with each other, and those parts which are unique..."
Another fine example of how the cultural-Marxists/Social Justice Warriors label anyone they don't agree with as "racist".  It's the modern day cudgel to beat anyone challenging their "narrative"..    Not sure of what race those involved were.  However, if this were a "white" crime spree against minorities it would have likely made national headlines.  The fact FBI crime databases show "whites" are statistically over 20x more likely to be the victim of "blacks" than visa-versa, and goes virtually unmentioned, certainly lends credence  to some sort of PC "agenda".    I judge folks by character and work ethic.  Businesses who discriminate aren't very "business-like"..it's simply bad business which doesn't improve the bottom line.  Ever notice the majority of race-baiting, anti-free speech, campus violence is almost exclusively taking place at liberal arts colleges and universities..... NOT at business, science & engineering schools?  Think about it..."rationally".
Did she get off because she was "a wealthy white girl?" Or because her father was a lawyer who knows the ropes? This guy's representation is Rex Butler, also a very good lawyer. His biggest problem is anybody he represents is guilty and the jurors know it before the trial starts.
This "White Privilege" concept is too complex for elementary schools and high schools. Leave that to university to teach. Stick with the anti-racist, gender equality and religious tolerance themes.  The main problem I see is if you dig the origins of Human Rights, Democracy, Scientific Method and on to Gender Equality.... they are all from Europe and Renascence area - all of those main contributors are white and (mostly) male. Chinese traditions, for example, are authoritarian and do not have gender equality nor ideas of democracy or human rights.  White people need to stand up and embrace your dominance on the ideology on freedom, human rights, gender equality, religious freedoms, and freedom of sexual orientation. A retreat on the white (western) world order, the replacement is far more hostile. You can bet under an Chinese world order or an Islamic world order, gender equality to sexual orientation to human rights are going out the window.
Well, previous Oskar was too white and they did a lot of compensation on this one. When race politics comes into art, art has to be loser. When any kind of politics comes into art, art loses no doubt.  Kimmel is last Letterman standing. He did great. However I am disappointed with Matt Damon not firing back at all. I expected prank, would be fun.
Zeppelin is the son of a major landowner/developer of the real estate in that immediate area.  I respect that a property owner is advocating in his own best interests.  Good for him.    Amazingly, he has been able to convince a bunch of hair-brained "activists" to join him in his fight to relocate I-70 and thereby improve his father's property values.  All of his Ditch the Ditch "activists" believe they are fighting to preserve the low income, racially diverse community in the shadows of I-70.  Ironic, considering that Zeppelin has done more to gentrify that corridor than most anyone.  If they are successful in relocating I-70, Zeppelin's Bulldozers of Gentrification will be the first to roll over the community the "activists" thought they were fighting for.  They'll just build more pseudo-hip apartments for 20-30 year old white men from Boston and Minneapolis to rent.   Impressive way to fool the fools!
Kennedy's speech was a wink-wink that he would not take orders from the Vatican over ending segregation.  He, John F. Kennedy, had no problem with Jim Crow and would not impose Catholic teachings on racial equality on white Southern Baptists who did not want the Negro as their equal.  Quite a kick the truth is, huh ?
It would be just as irrational to be suspicious of Middle Eastern immigrants after this event as it would be to be suspicious of 20-year-old white guys after Sandy Hook.
I am sure Native Americans ask, for good reason, why they can't send all the white folk back to Europe.
Oh I know exactly what it means- I am well educated.  You are obviously a white guy that thinks Natives are substandard and there is no difference in families. It has nothing to do with "ethnic demographics"! You are obviously a man without children since you find it acceptable to have children raised by families that they are not members of or related to!  These families were "cared" for by people with the same prejudiced attitude or this "mistake" would never have happened-twice in the same year! What would have happened if it would have been two white families?  The healthcare workers that were "caring" for these families were the same people that were using forced assimilation policies- 1975 is in the 20th century FYI. Where there "mistakes" with any white couples?
Jonah Goldberg needs to remember that being a Jew, his white privilege card is only conditional. I wonder how he would feel about these symbols if they included postcards of Jews hanging from trees that were lynched for looking at white women. The postcards would picture a crowd of smiling white people looking up at the hanging Jew. That did happen about 100 years ago. Would he like to see those cards on sale in Times Square? Would he enjoy showing his relatives how proud he is of the freedoms we have to honor white murderers in America? After all, lynchings are just a cherished part of white heritage and history.  Is he proud to know that white people lynched more than just black people? Back then lynching was considered family entertainment for white people. White people had picnics with their kids under the "strange fruit". Some of those post cards still survive.  That is the America that angry, resentful, white people want back. There has never been a Golden Age of justice for all.
You might be right!  But as a minority a different calculus is at work for me.  I would've been happy to pay another $231 in health insurance and not have to worry about living in a nation in which the chief executive is not racist who is fine associating with white supremacists who see America as "the white race's promised land" and want to "curb stomp" all black people, "castrate" all Mexicans and "decapitate" all Muslims. Unfortunately tho, that's almost certainly what will happen in January.  In such an environment it behooves minorities and their allies to consider all measures to protect the safety of people of color from the powerful forces that Trump and co will be able to unleash once he assumes office, measures that include the possibility of exiting the U.S. and forming an independent nation.
No, this is not related at all to the Russian meddling.  This was an idea whipped by Kris Kobach the man in charge of the commission.   Read this...http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a48232/kris-kobach-voter-suppression/.  You will see a different side of the story.  You can say that Esquire is a puppet of the left all you want.  That's fine, then do more research into Kris Kobach where ever you want to get your truth.  I think you'll quickly see that this guy as nothing to do with investing Russian meddling and everything to do with keeping votes in the hands of RWM (rich, white, males) vs. absolutely anybody else including women, people of the 99% economically, or people of diversity.
Racist, can you back that up ? Have you ever heard Hitlery talk to a black audience ?  that is " racism".  Or Hussein Obama's comment  about his grandma as a " typical white person", now that is racist.
Soon blood will spill in our streets. In its 2015 annual report, published in February 2016, the Southern Poverty Law Center, SPLC, counted 892 active hate groups in the U.S., an increase from the previous year. Of these, 190 were KKK groups, 94 were neo-Nazi groups, 85 were white nationalist groups, 95 were racist skinhead groups, 19 were Christian Identity groups, 35 were neo-Confederate groups, 180 were black separatist groups, and 184 were classified as "general hate groups" (subdivided into anti-LGBT, anti-Immigrant, Holocaust denial, racist music, and radical traditionalist Catholic groups, with an additional "other" sub-category)).[11]
You can deny it all you want, but you're purposely omitting hispanics, because it proves you wrong.   You've been proven wrong by FBI table 6. By table 3. You've been repeatedly called on your cherry picking, yet refuse to admit it. Face it. Whites commit more murders than black people. Why won't you admit it?
Social norms are out the window...so old school anyway. Lu]ying...we're good. Fake news...we're the best, thanks Faux. Marketing our brand...the propaganda machine is just gunning up. The worst Presidential start ever...making America Great!  Just a bunch of violent haters, can't see what's in his heart...so what if he just got an AG whose hates mosr]t things we value...civil rights...for losers. Voting...only for the winners. Look for extreme actions that will set us up for  white Nationalist Christian Nation...oh, not your version of Christian anymore, patriotic Christians need only apply. Schools for inner cities will be for profit. Federal help for safe and fair voting...history. Anti-crime will mask erosion of your rights and liberties. Anti judiciary...that's all in the bag. Speaking of for profit colleges...the waste fraud and abuse of the federal loans system is now full speed ahead...get them to pay 30K for nothing. Hey if you voted for this guy we'll feel your pain...
I was born Canadian, over 70 years ago, and my family has been here for generations, and I can honestly say that with the exception of the period beginning with Harper, I have never, ever seen an incidence of racism in Canada, in my life, from either white people or people of colour. When I was going to school and growing up we took pride in the fact that no matter who you were, where you were from, you deserved respect and the opportunity that everyone else had. That more than anything has kept us free from the kind of idiocy and violence that regularly occurs in the US. The answer to these white supremacist groups is simple. If you want violence, bloodshed and all the rest of the things that go along with a state that covets racism, then GO TO THE US AND STAY THERE.
Funny how everyone including ADN jumps on this guy for being white when he clearly said "all races" which yes would also include "white". What about the Asian, Latino or the Alaskan native who worked on the Alaska highway? This is Alaska let's not bring the lower 48 attitude here. Just because "white Rep Eastman disagrees with "black" Sen Wilson's bill doesn't make it or him racist.
Ice is made by whites.  Oxy is prescribed by doctors.  Some of it is trafficked, but a lot of it is home grown.
I have to side with bill here., the so called peaceful march was nothing more than a veiled hate march by a bunch of liberal activists with an agenda pretending to be open and loving yet shutting down any white voices carrying signs that contradict their view points. Try as you might, you won't persuade me to think otherwise.
Como, we may find that Trump has been a member of one of these groups as was his father (I'm sure you know he was arrested at a KKK rally in 1927) but hewing to a definition that requires one to be a formal member of a group is, of course, ludicrous. He clearly sympathizes. He has at least 3 people on his staff that either meet your definition or who openly support white nationalism. He himself has been found guilty of racial discrimination in renting his properties multiple times. Why can't Trump condemn white nationalism as evil and wrong?  Trump has had no problem condemning Jeff Sessions, John McCain, James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Lisa Murkowski, republicans as a group, congress, CNN, NYT, WaPo, oh, and today less than an hour after the CEO of Merck resigned from the Manufacturing Council in protest, Trump attacks HIM. Como, you are so, so wrong if you don't believe Trump supports these people tacitly. If he didn't Bannon, Miller, and Gorka would be gone from his staff.
Believe she sould resign. I don't think she will be an effective representative for her constituents. Ran across this funny bit of news.."Andrew Anglin, 32, who created The Daily Stormer in 2013, has been a key figure in stoking the resurgent white nationalist movement. His website, billed as “The World’s Most Genocidal Republican Website,” is a major platform for neo-Nazi news and commentary. He has used the site to champion a modern holocaust that would create an American white ethno-state and to target individuals whom he sees as enemies." Some people trying to sue him but he's nowhere to be found!...lol! Might be a good way to get people like this to run and hide and not be heard.
To this day it is still one of the darkest chapters in Canadian history. We followed the lead of the USA in doing this to our citizens. Shameful. When the war concluded only 1 person was ever charged with spying for Japan. It was a white guy. The loyalty of Japanese-Canadians should never have been questioned. The greatest benefactor of this travesty was southern Alberta where many of the Japanese moved and became integral parts of the community.
I think the Minister is paranoid in the extreme.  I can't say I blame him for thinking that whites have a racist agenda given our history but the reality is that it is in the interests of everybody that SA is successful. Success does not mean taking away from the whites and giving it to the blacks ..what it means is ensuring that the wealth and expertise that is available in the country is used to make the cake much bigger for everybody, not to make it smaller and then  try and redistribute  it.   Money flows to where it is used best ..if  he carries on chasing away investment because of historical issues, the country will suffer.  South Africans of all races  who have wealth to invest will take it elsewhere.  He will say that he doesn't care if they do but the country will suffer.  (even the Guptas seem intent on moving their apparently illgotten money out of SA! If it was more attractive to keep it in SA they would have invested here!)
British papers reported this old couple took in "Syrian refugees," but that juicy tidbit was filtered out of this article, for obvious reasons.  Had the men arrested been white, it would be prominently on the headline. You can tell they were non-white and Muslim because their demographic is scrubbed from the article and known external information omitted.  The media want to herd us and tell us what values to take on.
IRT Terrence Ching, anyone who knows how to think knows that the violence in Charlottesville was not one sided.  Two major and despicable hate groups assembled in Charlottesville, one far-right and one far-left.   No one knows who threw the first punch to start the violence.  We know it was a far-righter who killed one women when he drove his car into a crowd of people who were there to protest against the white supremacy rally, but that does not justify casting all blame on the far right group for the violence, which actually occurred before the women was killed.  The major far-left group that participated in the violence was Antifa, which routinely shows up at right-wing events, not just to protest, but to do disrupt, cause destruction and physically attack people with whom they disagree as they did in Charlottesville.  It is their standard MO.  Yes, there is blame on both sides, which can be seen quite clearly simply by removing liberal blinders.
Muslim radical today plows into crowd in spain killing over a dozen.  Left wing response="you can't blame all muslims for this".  White nationalist dude has his car attacked by dozens of thugs with sticks and bats.  He panics, crashes his car and one woman dies.  Left wing response="you can blame all conservatives, conservative websites, and the president for this"  See the consistency?  Yeah, me neither.
I am sure this is being spurred on by recent events at Evergreen College in Washington State, Stanford, Berkeley , and  other colleges and universities, where free speech has been all but eliminated, and the Constitution denounced as "white oppression".
Bless the poor snowflake.  My non-English name is difficult for most and I just use Fred in similar circumstances. I'm white,  so I don't get the opportunity to whine and write sob-stories in the Globe and Wail.
She was in the wrong place at the wrong time. If the effect is undetermined, that's a weak argument for a MOF. I don't think the vandalism of statues by mobs really counts as a cultural contribution by her. Pretty sure it's designed that the honoree actually performs the action.   Racial hatred? She was a white woman killed by a man with a long history of mental illness, probably a cause of both his susceptibility to bigotry, and his murderous impulse. She wasn't targeted because of her race, but because of her protest against the KKK demonstration. Her killer was more Jared Loughner than James Earl Ray.   She was an innocent woman protesting the lawful demonstration of beliefs she disagreed with. She had a right to be where she was and to live through it. Her death is wrong, caused by a murderous mentally ill man. But I don't believe that she did anything to satisfy the requirements of a MOF recipient. We'll have to agree to disagree on that matter.
He forgot to mention the white nationalist attack in Quebec City of course.
Just like Trump.  He got away with an endless stream of outright racist comments and got a free pass from everyone on the right, but as soon as it became clear that he was a threat to white women he suddenly gets in trouble with at least some of those same people.    At least we know where the line is.
The following paragraph is the same paragraph as the one that begins the article.  Except... instead of talking about two men, the paragraph talks about two women - the wives of the two leaders.  I mean, if appearances of famous people is now fair game and okay for Globe and Mail editors, why limit the discussion to men:  "There is a photo floating around social media of Sophie Trudeau and Melania Trump at the White House. On the left are the nubile curves of Sophie, the wind blowing her elaborate skirt upward, revealing where her alluring white flesh meets the top of her school-girl bobby socks. Next to Sophie, her pretty and perky American counterpart Melania grins politely, looking like a twenty-something rock band groupie indulging a delighted drummer with a special favour."
If you want to "fight" supremacy then you will end up using violence. A far better way ( and very effective) to stand against the KKK/Nazis/ White Supremacy is to dress up as clowns and laugh at them. Yes, send in the Coup Clutz Clowns ! Shame them without violence! https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/06/opinion/comedy-protest-taxes-nazis.html?smid=fb-share&_r=0
But Jimmy, you didn't answer:  what makes you think disrespect is being shown for the American flag? I think if you bothered to really look at the motivations of these people you will actually find a respect for it by standing up for the rights of all citizens and not just whites. Have you noticed any difference in the discussion of this latest shooter and the various shootings involving cops? Notice this shooter was white but most of these protests involve the sensless killings of young blacks by cops? How is having a police state respecting the flag?  You can stand at attention all you want, but you are not honoring the flag when you ignore people being killed by cops.   Just be careful when you go to the mainland Jimmy, you may be mistaken for a mexican.   :-)
Of course white male identity is normal, and in India brown male identity and in China Asian male identity, and on and on, why do you feel the need to vilify us? what is your point?
"Black and white thinkers will reject the truth of what I said". Uh, actually, 1900 years of Magisterial teaching will "reject" your relativism re the "development of doctrine" and some banal, rationalist notion of "discernment".
My two cents: Our values and your values do not match. Yet you all want us to adopt your stuff? Hell no. No way. We can create better educational programs for ourselves than you can ever imagine. My hope is that villages take over their schools, just as any other "white" town in America does. Decentralization is the key. No more district monarchies and fiefdoms.
"Coloured" describes brown-skinned people. So why not just say "brown" like "white" and "black"? All races have some colour pigmentation, except perhaps Albinos, so "coloured" includes all races. People from, say, the Mediterranean are olive complected, ie "coloured", but they're called "white".  In South Africa, coloured is a political but inaccurate term to describe brown and people of mixed race. (In America it was eschewed for "African American", an American curiosity where people are fixated on where their ancestors originated, eg Irish-American, Italian-American, etc rather than simply "American".) People classified coloured are as fair as whites, olive as some Greeks or dark as blacks and everything in between. "Mixed-race" is not accurate either, except for first generation children of mixed-race parents but at a pinch it will do because that's how it started. Note in SA today the races are still mixing, so one day the majority of the population may be mixed race.
I see your white pointed hat is a little crooked.
Why aren't you liberals demanding Trump condemn the rioting  communists? Blind spot much? Trump condemned those people years ago. Stop holding him to a different standard because he's white and Republican.
Another example of a person who views the world in black and white.
Wow, you can't travel to a foreign country and anonymously participate in a White Supremacist, Nazi, KKK rally. What is the world coming to?
You should really take a look at the NY and Boston slums and the state of the average family farm in the south before you claim that housing for slaves was so terrible.  The fact is housing in general was atrocious.  Your average current day A Frame shed is better constructed and more livable than most of the houses available at the time. We like to compare current homes to the biggest mansions of yesteryear as if the majority of people lived in that sort of house when only the richest of the rich lived in those sorts of houses.   Blacks and whites alike were hung for a vast array of things.  Whats your point.  Hanging was a much more common sentence then than today.
He's got a lot of catch up before he can pull away.  I think you might be confused with big crowds of disorderly white folks and people going to the polls.  Regardless of how fervently you support the conman the electoral map just doesn't look to favorable for a Trump win.
I read enough books on the building of the Alaska Highway and I have known about the black contribution to the highway since the 1970s, Gigi. People who "assumed that ALCAN project was "all white" are people just ignorant in history. And history is a subject many people may read about, but don't study. American history has been twisted around so much that I am not surprise how ignorant most Americans are about their own nation's history. This type of honoring from Juneau is a very reflective of such ignorance.  You forget that Japanese Americans were separated from the whites during World War II. Only the small numbers of MIS like my dad were actually place in all white unit in the Pacific.
First, I find myself in doubt about the poll results used in this report and its source.  I know that Trump commands a lead among white, less-educated males, but is this the bulk of white men in the country?  It just doesn't stand up when compared to other data (and most polls are by no means true data).  I would need to see more from other resources before I could think this has anything much to tell us.  I am not sure it is wise to post this article unless their is greater support for its contents.  Secondly, having said that, today it was reported that the American Psychological Association has come up with a new - albeit temporary and unofficial - diagnosis of "Election Stress Disorder."  How fitting.  I am suffering from it myself, never having experienced this sense of being overwhelmed and numbed by what I can only describe as a sense of disconnect.  I cannot tolerate even hearing Donald Trump speak: it grates on me physically and I wince when I hear him now. (continued...)
Have you ever seen a squonk's tears, Ms. Renzetti?   This white male has been subject to bullying, sexual abuse, and violent attacks and I don't think I'm special. I've had a man beat down my door and threaten me with a butcher knife for an hour until the police arrived. I came home one day and a woman who had every valid reason to hate men decided to punch me silly while i gave no defense. I'm not perfect but I can confidently say that I have very rarely or never been the perpetrator of such acts and I think that is not special either.  When you're finished rolling your eyes, consider that sexism and racism are wrong and shameful and that when we generalize from the specific, we place the label of bigot squarely on our own foreheads.
I acquired a limited taste for Clarence Page when he was on the McLaughlin Group, but he shows his general lack of understanding of human nature here.  First, both sides at many of these gatherings are violent and that should be roundly condemned. Encouraging Antifa by attacking those they oppose isn't going to make Antifa go away. Bullies don't back down when they're encouraged to go on bullying. The only proper way to handle situations where neo-Nazis and Antifa go head to head is to denounce BOTH of them for their violence.  The citizen journalist deserves some kudos, but he needs to be even handed in his coverage. It's not "we can ignore the violence of this side because they have the right ideas." No, we can't! Both sides are wrong and both sides need to be condemned.  When whites or conservatives are violent toward blacks or leftist extremists like Antifa, they should also be condemned. They are playing into Antifa's agenda of.suspension of essential liberties.
All these Chump lovers do have a plan for post- drain swamp. It's filling it with skin-heads and their sympathizers like lespark (but of course he'll be at the bottom if he's not white, but he'll enjoy what drains down from above) who'll "Make America White Again".
"His was a great mind and a great vision. The isolation he experienced, forced by the U.S. and by his rejection of capitalism, perhaps drove him a little mad. He did some cruel things. But don't we all."  Yes, it's all "grey", isn't it, not "black and white" Perhaps he was exercising his conscience and, although his acts, by any measure, were objectively evil, he was culpably free of personal guilt because he did the best he could. It was all America's fault, after all.   The killings and disappearances of thousands of Cubans; no free elections; many Cubans in abject poverty; the abortion rate the world’s second highest, making Cuba’s rapidly aging population worse; and homosexuals are sent to concentration camps.   Yep, Castro did some wicked things and, sure, we all do. Ultimately, God will judge him, but don't romanticise the murdering tyrant.
Russia is not the Soviet Union - the Soviet Union included Ukraine - whose people by the way were complicit in aiding the Nazis in their genocidal acts  Reality bites - that is why black and white portraits like the kind you defend say more about your political agenda than your love of the  truth
I finally did but had to look under the "Urban dictionary".   I'm quite perplexed that being white somehow has anything to do with the election, since two white people were running.  Am I missing something from this made up word, and what the h@ll does that have to do with any of my comments?  Mark William was not able to answer that simple question, maybe you can? To me it is simple nonsense like white privilege, safe places, micro aggressions, Hands up don't shoot, gender fluid   and so forth.
Gerald Tamura is Asian, not Caucasian or white. Who is blatantly lying?
Only an angry bigot could write something like that.  The so called Southern Strategy is a myth......  "To be sure, Shafer says, many whites in the South aggressively opposed liberal Democrats on race issues. “But when folks went to the polling booths,” he says, “they didn’t shoot off their own toes. They voted by their economic preferences, not racial preferences.” Shafer says these results should give liberals hope. “If Southern politics is about class and not race,” he says, “then they can get it back.”  http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/10/magazine/10Section2b.t-4.html?mcubz=0
So you not only think TWU has the right to set such rules, you actually support the rules.  That explains much, Clear Thinker.  Corner stores are private entities - would you support the right of one to sell only to white Christian customers?  Legislative exceptions for services such as women-only gyms are based on section 15(2) of the Charter, but that's a much longer discussion.
Spoken from a position of white male priviledge.  As soon as you become responsible and not by choice for caring for a child from birth when that child has serious developmental disabilities then you can have an opinion on this that has meaning.  Otherwise, stay out of the woman's medical choices.
I always have to laugh at the picture of the four old white guys whenever Mitch McConnell and his lieutenants have something to announce.  I guess their different ties pass for what the GOP would call diversity.
No, I've spoken to you before in an attempt to have a rational conversation about your misapprehensions about race and racism.  I'll only make that mistake once.  I will mention that 'white' isn't an all encompassing race.  You might want to consider that next time you start painting with that huge brush you're trying to use.  If I were to have a recommendation for you, I'd say read more history and invent less of it.
The problem is precisely that universities today have largely been hijacked by Progressives who are eager to jettison all that knowledge and wisdom and enlightenment thinking accrued over centuries by "white European men".  http://heatst.com/culture-wars/students-at-top-university-want-to-ban-white-philosophers/
You don't have to be a leftist to have contempt for white nationalists.
Of course you apparently have little complaint when the "stronger" group focuses on differences in petty things such as sex, race, origin, etc. thus providing privileges to the group to which YOU belong.  Potential 'balkanization' apparently wasn't a concern in the halcyon days of pro-WHITE "affirmative action".  As long as the 'undesireables' stay across the tracks, right?  Like when I was a kid when "whites only" signs were posted by most businesses and public facilities.  Or today when the party of your choice ADMITS it targets weaker groups based on their "differences" for gerrymandering and other voter-suppression policies.  Just to name two examples.  Am I understanding you here?
"... well-aged boy-band member " . Perceptive Sarah  scores her own goal. Nice hair, eh?  Now,  'bout that white supremacist thing - since you are so well informed about Canada, didn't you know that BLM Canada labeled the PM a 'white supremacist'?  What gives, Sarah? Can we have an 'opinion' on that little juicy nugget the Canadian media had no b...s to cover or comment on?
"Believe me, Trump didn't create President Trump. The voters who are totally fed up with our self-serving politicians and system did." -- jaydub58  Nice theory, but like Lynn Porter's tired, one note tune, not close to reality.  Clinton won the popular vote, which is certainly a more legitimate indicator of popular appeal. The losses in Michigan and Wisconsin came from white Christian evangelical turnout fearing for the cultural change that they feel threatens them.  Clinton won the lower-income voters.  Amazing how so many posters want to make up their own "analysis" without any relation to the actual facts.  -- Paul
The Twit in Chief retweeted a video of him driving a golf ball merged with a video of Hillary tripping in a plane doorway so that it looks as if he knocked her over. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QybvbfkjHvc  As if worrying about the epidemic of school children bullying isn't bad enough, we have the leader of the free world who's supposed to represent the country behaving like a child!  It's pretty obvious that the Tin Soldier military school that Trump's dad sent him to didn't work.  Trump & his supporters were crying earlier in the week when an ESPN anchor called him a white supremacist.  Typical bully, can dish it out but can't take it. There was a tweet from October 2012  when a reality TV personality who worked for NBC tweeted that President Obama was a racist. I don't remember Josh Earnest calling for Trump to be fired.  Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.  The world is laughing.
When Trump refused to call out Nazis and white supremacists even after a domestic terrorist killed one woman and maimed more in Charlottesville, Virginia—and then averred that “very fine people” were marching under Confederate flags—the extremists recognized the signal. When, only a week later, he pardoned Joe Arpaio—a man whom white supremacists had made a cause célèbre—they saw him in their corner again. When Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the administration was bringing the hammer down on the DACA program, he cited two lies popular among far-right nativists: That “Dreamers” take jobs away from Americans, and that the program prompted the surge in unaccompanied child immigrants (who, for the record, are not eligible for DACA status).
Proff Turok, have you not yet realised the real issue behind Zuma and his ANC cronies ? Is not as plain as a giraffe in the desert ? This is all a racial thing. Most whites of this country want to stop corruption and political anarchy, so most black people will stand up for Zuma and protect him, regardless if this leads to South Africa becoming a second Zimbabwe. Just another begging basket in Africa !!!!! Indeed, CRY, THE BELOVED COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!
The "policies and procedures" amount to Apartheid- uppity colored people are not allowed to touch Lilly white Oregon women, even if consensual. The message is - "if you're not white, avoid Oregon". This state hasn't changed much since the Shoshone-Bannock wars, the Chinese and black prohibitions enacted in the late 1800's. Those statutes are likely still on the books, too.
My guess is that all these Christians have Jesus's portrait hanging on the wall, and He's white.  But of course, Jesus could not be white.  Which is why, in America today, He would have to be careful around LE.
Here we go again with Chris' Liberal propagandizing.  It's fine to push Liberal symbols, for example Liberal PM Mackenzie King on our $50 bills, but despite his founding role, Sir John A. Macdonald has been removed from the $10 bill because he was Conservative., and as a political-correctness gesture.   The amazing part in the Liberals' retaining MacKenzie King is that they would do so despite his well-established and flagrant anti-Asian racism.  Quoting from his Wiki"  "That Canada should desire to restrict immigration from the Orient is regarded as natural, that Canada should remain a white man's country is believed to be not only desirable for economic and social reasons but highly necessary on political and national grounds."  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King  Remove the thin, hypocritical veneer of Liberal inclusiveness and tolerance,-- and what remains is not pretty.
What is offside is the mayor saying that legitimate criticisms must be founded in racism.  Lets be honest, the man has an ego the size of the North West Territories and an opinion on just about everything under the sun that he is more than happy to share with anyone who will listen.  That is going to rub some people the wrong way, regardless of whether your skin colour is white, brown, or green.  And just because people say it does, it doesn't make them racist.
If Cory knew what HE was, he would know that white supremacists etc. are not and never were part of the "conservative base". They reject the Judeo-Christian heritage that conservatives consider to be the foundation for our excellent western civilization. They deny the inherent and essential equality of "all men" explicit in America’s founding political philosophy. Cory accepts it when leftist like Tapper PUT these clowns in HIS base and hysterically argues his difference. The slander is ridiculous on it's face and should be disposed of as such.
Still beating that old dead horse, eh?  Every time someone posts that nonsense, someone else corrects it, and then it comes back like a really bad penny.  Read more history than one or two right-wing websites.  The party of Lincoln, that used to be called 'Republicans' is now morphed into 'Democrats' (there is no alt-left).  The individuals who want to divide the country into separate warring factions, with whites at the top, are Republicans (not all Republicans, mind you).  The left likes and appreciates the 'melting pot'.  All this is beside the point: the Republican party TODAY is doing all possible to deny rights to all except white and wealthy.
The treaties are no more outdated than the Constitution of the US is outdated.    There is no denying that Native Americans struggle with socially destructive behaviors, but so do non-natives.  All of the things you mention occur all over America everyday among non-Natives.  It just isn't as obvious as it is in a small village.  The rates may not be the same for all those issues, but at in at least two - drug and alcohol abuse - white Americans take the prize.  A significantly higher percentage of white men drink alcohol than any other cultural group, and more of those who do drink, drink heavily daily than any other cultural group.  We just don't see it, and if we do see it, we see it differently -  when we see white street drunks it's a cultural aberration.  When we see Native people in the same condition, we see it as their cultural norm.  It's a false view of reality.  White people, men and women, take more illegal drugs and more kind of drugs than any other cultural group.
Mr Trump could be accused of taking on this issue because it fits into the White Supremacist narrative. He's not against pro sports so much as he is against wealthy athletes of African descent using their star power to draw attention to an existential crisis in their nation. What Mr Trump didn't count on was that 'pro sports' was going to rally around its athletes and that, given the choice between athletes and the president, Mericans are more likely to side with the former.
Have you considered, metlmayden, that by your logic caucasians should perhaps focus their attention on the urban-rural mortality gap among white Americans rather than on Kaepernick's protest of racism in the American criminal justice system? I personally do not subscribe to your logic and find myself concerned like Kaepernick about racism as well as poverty in this country. In rural and small town white America, for example, social problems including opioid abuse, heavy drinking, smoking and other self-destructive behaviors have caused the death rate among whites to increase while it declines for other racialized groups and among urban dwellers. Although the death rates is declining among non-whites, they continue to be much higher than the overall death rate for whites. All of the problems you mention about "black culture" (a misnomer as there is no single "black culture" in the US) could be altered ever so slightly to apply to rural "white culture."
Next thing your know? Black people will want separate bathrooms from white people.  Guess who will get blamed for that too?
There is no place along the Alaska Highway, there are no books on the Alaska Highway,,,,that speaks of "white only troops" built the highway. All the books I read about the Alaska Highway speaks of both whites and blacks units and their joint accomplishments. All the monuments along the highway, do not speak of just white units, but all units and all of them are non-racial in nature. So tell us why honoring just one color make things right?? Will you be open to honoring a day for Japanese Americans who were mistreated in Alaska during World War II?? And how about injustice done upon Alaska natives? Give them a day as well? We can do this all day until all 365 days of the year are use up!!!
I did read the article, what part of the headline: "Trump signs resolution condemning white supremacists, hate groups" is not clear to you?
“White people make up roughly 62 percent of the U.S. population but only about 49 percent of those who are killed by police officers. African Americans, however, account for 24 percent of those fatally shot and killed by the police despite being just 13 percent of the U.S. population. As The Post noted in a new analysis published last week, that means black Americans are 2.5 times as likely as white Americans to be shot and killed by police officers.  U.S. police officers have shot and killed the exact same number of unarmed white people as they have unarmed black people: 50 each. But because the white population is approximately five times larger than the black population, that means unarmed black Americans were five times as likely as unarmed white Americans to be shot and killed by a police officer…."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.00640c101530
Why not mention that? There is no evidence of white people in Canada. You have no right to be there. Plenty of evidence linking Israel to jews.
He will spend less time than somebody convicted of marijuana possession, most likely.  Or maybe even zero time.  Because you know that wicked harmless HERB, Mary Jane, is sooooo much more dreadful than the rich white man's drug of choice.
The right to bear--and use--arms trumped the right to vote (no pun intended) from the end of Reconstruction up to just shy of 1970.  Certain folks who tried to exercise their right to vote were murdered for it.  Today their right is being dishonestly eroded again by our cynical political misleaders, without it ever having been truly established.  Of course the American "majority" population seems to prefer "impressions" because that allows them to avoid honestly looking at the real issues of their society, and the roots of its evils.  And I say this as someone who opposes, and has ALWAYS opposed, gun control.  I was an NRA member until they endorse Reagan for president.  From a podium in Philadelphia, MS he declared he would "take back America".  For who?  And FROM who?  Looks like it's being taken away from African-, Latino- and Asian-Americans and handed to the Russians.  At least they're "white", right?
I don't like white men and blonde women who are prettier than me, also I don't like people who can afford a cottage and fancy toys for the lake. I pretend white hetros are boring because secretly I could never get that hot guy or girl in high school and was an outcast.  Basically I hate everything that I cannot have, but blame it on the newest excuses for being lame, sexism, racism, whatever phobia hits your thick skull at the moment. In fact your just plain mad that regular canadians are having fun doing what they like doing and you feel left out. Do us a favour go for a walk in those woods and don't come back.
This article makes gentrification seem cute and fun. As if the only hostility is coming from poor people slashing tires. I am an artist that lives just outside the junction where a new organic grocery store and L.A Fitness recently opened up.   I live in a space of ambiguity because I am a black artist and I think  my neighbours find it difficult to figure out my income bracket. I've been met with hostility on both sides. The difference is that the wealthy folks have the law on their side. I've seen white men openly smoking weed in my neighbourhood and folks turn a blind eye. Meanwhile the cops stake out the poor blacks outside of the Delta Bingo.
What a pile of tripe. Old Portland died the day Mark Zusman bought Willamette Week. If having a rich white guy who lives in Riverdale own Portland's alt-weekly isn't the definition of the fox guarding the chicken coop, then you tell me what is.
I've never understood why NCR takes the lazy, secularist path and generates so many "hyphenated" articles, with racial, sexist tones.   They seem bent on division, continuing to hold on to dated categories.  Intermarriage happens.    OUR PRESIDENT ISN'T BLACK. He's half black and half white.  He had a fully white mother!   But my pointing out this actual reality will be commented on as racist!!
These two groups were not the same. Any attempt to make them seem the same is condoning racism and hate. That is the issue.   I am not condoning or promoting violence against anyone. But these aren't just two sides of the same coin. One gathered to promote literal racism and hate and the other gathered to protest against that message. Bad actors on either side are missing the point: a demonstration promoting white supremacy is racist and evil and should be condemned.   How have we come to a point in this country where people are stepping in to defend Nazi's and the KKK? Note: I didn't say remove their right to gather, and I did not promote violence against them. But we should all be on the side of condemning them. Not validating and condoning them. We should all be the people in the crowd that one of them drove their car through saying peacefully "We have no place for racism and hate in our society".
Women of color? What color, white?
Again, you regurgitate the same tired narrative that every white person in a position of power is a biggot, and therefore perpetuates socially structured racism. Simply not true. Period.  And the response to my statement above will undoubtedly be centered around the notion that we don't get it because we don't experience it. Well, here's some news for you,...we do experience it! That socially constructed racism you speak of is equally propagated by all walks of life.   Dont think for a moment that most do not see these actions for what they truly are; an attempt to legitimize the racism and hatred you yourself have towards others. You're merely upset around this fake image you've placed in your own head, that the depth of our bench is greater than yours. Or maybe you're upset that my skin is thicker, rather than a different color.   We've been saying we're all on the same AMERICAN team. Knock the name calling and bickering, and get your @$$ to work on the REAl issues at hand.
Here's the bloody truth about what the white trash are doing to Denali Wolves:  http://www.alaskansforwildlife.com/defining-the-problem.html  Meanwhile, Yellowstone NP gets millions more visitors than Denali because the people there are smart.  They protect park wildlife and enjoy significantly more tourism- and tourism revenue- than Alaskans.
I guess (maybe) better late than never...  but...  where were the bishops' voices during Trump's campaign rallies when he was overtly encouraging his supporters to beat up those with dissenting voices,  and even said he would pay their legal fees for the assault? ... or when Trump bragged he could shoot someone on the streets of Manhattan or assault women and his supporters would stand by him?    Where were the bishops' voices during the GOP convention which was verbally toxic toward persons on the liberal Left with a cheering crowd...  and chants of "lock her up" were encouraged?   Where were the bishops' voices when the Neo-N@zi white supremacists were making their very public plans to come from all over the U.S. to literally invade Charlottesville with their torches and armed militias,  and their promises to return to promote 'whites only' and patriarchy for all?   Did they really believe that words would never become action?   Or maybe their 'single issue' was all that mattered.
There was an orchestrated & widespread boycott from October 2016 onward against not only Trump but everything remotely associated with him - dozens of companies including Ivanka's . The reason given was Trump's crude sexist comments caught on tape 10 years ago & strategically leaked just in time for the election.  Attacking Trump is fair game but attacking everyone remotely associated with him including his daughter & employees of those companies worldwide (Grab Your Wallet campaign) is outrageous & the worst instance of cyber bullying I have seen in scale with many other Trump haters piling on.  Conway is entitled so say something positive about Ivanka's products in an interview when asked. It's hardly the TV pitch described by the media. If she did an infomercial from the white house  it would be different. Prior to this, my wife knew nothing about Ivanka's products & assumed they were high end.. She now knows about the products & where to buy them.  Bullying is never excusable.
This fine God-fearing Christian Lady wanted Donald killed. Man, how religious is that? Did Donald wish to assassinate any Non-White Supremacist? I bet you believe in your heart he did. No need his written words or taped conversations of prove he did, Your God or your The Man Donald himself. idk
These so-called “protests” from mostly entitled urbanites with apparently too much disposable income and obviously too much time on their hands, all have the feel of bizarre group therapy sessions  in which they “confront “the imagined source of their anxiety disorders…as in the "pussyhat" Women’s March protest, one would guess not too many barely-making-ends-meet factory workers, retail workers or farm women with families are taking their hard earned cash away from their families, so they can fly into Washington and “hotel-it” for "the biggest slumber party in US history" as self-described feminist Canadian expat Elizabeth Plank tweeted – and from the pictures of these women on the planes etc., they all look mighty white...
"These newly energized voters helped Trump flip not only battlegrounds like Ohio and Iowa but long-blue Northern industrial states — Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin — without which he would have lost to Hillary Clinton. Nationwide, his margin with the white working class soared to 40 points, up 15 points from Romney's in 2012….   By this year, many liberals had gotten so fed up with hearing about these woebegone voters and all their political needs that they were openly declaring them a lost cause, motivated more by racial issues than economic anxiety, and declaring that the expanding Democratic coalition of racial and ethnic minorities and college-educated white voters obviated the need to cater to the white working class."  http://www.commondreams.org/views/2016/11/13/revenge-forgotten-class
I'll bet $100 you're a white guy raised by two parents who were employed/middle class, giving you massive social and economic advantage from the very second of your birth
"The principle of the centrality of the human person, firmly stated by my beloved predecessor, Benedict XVI, obliges us to always prioritize personal safety over national security,"   The problem is too many Christians view their 'personal security' as paramount to anyone else's.  I guess that's indicative of the fact there are now three whole comments on this thread.  When the US refuses to consider the National Security implications in foreign aid and effective diplomacy, in order to see that the rest of the world begins to move out of poverty, the US deserves populations movements whose sole intent is to come up to the US and share in the wealth.  White Americans are sadly deluded as to their global numbers vs control of global wealth.  We either share the wealth or share the land.  It really is that black and white....for a change.
From the video: "Ant-fa, short for anti-fascists, describes a decentralized, leaderless movement dedicated to fighting right-wing authoritarianism and white supremacy."   This includes bashing Trump supporters, and any idiots from the Washington Examiner who might be handy, but whoever wrote the script for the snotty reader is apparently too dumb to realize this.
Fake news. This is article is hate towards white people, very clearly. Globe and mail disappoints me again.
Geoff Kennedy - Kaepernick kneeled against his fellow Americans and shoved back into the face of all the white fans who pay hard earned money to buy football tickets. Go out and read what he actually said. Yes, it started as a legitimate protest against a cop shooting a black suspect (ignoring that fact that cops also shoot white suspects, but that's another discussion). Then his protest expanded to include "white privilege." This from a half-white man raised by a middle-class white family who earned $37 million for three declining seasons of performance. After he was moved to free agency, he had a firm offer from the Baltimore Ravens until his girlfriend compared Steve Bisciotti, the team owner, to a slave owner.  In other words, Kaepernick offended the fans, declined in performance and shows every sign of being a reverse racist. Coming from a man who has never experienced hardship, I don't feel sorry for him or admire him. He's a spoiled brat and getting disciplined for it.
When I was in engineering grad school at a prestigious university 25 years ago all our professors were white males. The department interviewed a black female post-doc with a resume' to die for.  Every university wanted her, and her asking salary was significant. She ended up elsewhere and was paid well. Clearly this UH professor doesn't have the same level of resume' or she'd be in demand.
As I have said time and again, Trump found mainstream America when he began his campaign with insults and a barrage of hate and contempt for minority groups across the country. He has millions of followers, which is not a surprise to me. Whites do not know my America. They only want to  keep 250-plus years of privileges they want to guard jealously.
Learn history? Like, for example, the Secession declaration of Alexander Stephens of Georgia, where he proclaimed "Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth ..."  You're kidding yourself if you think the Confederate flag is anything other than an emblem of White Supremacy. Perhaps you should learn some history yourself.
US Code cannot compel anyone to stand during the anthem. Doing so is a clear violation of the 1st Amendment. Standard and tradition does not = "right thing to do." In fact, standard and tradition have often been the driving force behind many of the wrong things we've done throughout our history.   Standard and tradition where the excuses behind slavery, Jim Crow, women's lack of franchise, and LGBTQ rights to exist. Standard and tradition are the reason that women and minorities continue to face discrimination as wells as wage, opportunity, and justice disparities.   Standard and tradition is great for white male Christians, not so much for anyone else.
I got a reply notification from another post you made, but it isn't showing up, for some reason.  Maybe this system needs a cache flush periodically for some boards?  Anyway, you wrote (I only got part of it), "They make such a big deal about everything. The gay parades, their being offended by so many things, and their in-your-face attitudes. Y..."  Like I said, without being gay, I can't impose my perception of society on them.  What may seem like nothing to me might actually be a big pain in the tail for them.  Many of us outside of their circles have a relatively easy life (at least I do), and what they ask doesn't step on my toes in any substantial way.  What gets me is when the white heterosexual male gets so bent out of shape by their actions.  Many of these white heterosexual males tout backbone and intestinal fortitude, yet they act worse than those they criticize.  I wish they'd grow a pair.  Curious, are you white and male?
Interesting that my comment pointing out that white men were pressed into service- as slaves- in the Royal Navy to patrol the coast of Africa in an effort to combat the slave trade while also pointing out that it was black people in Africa who captured and sold other black people into the slave market was censored. These are basic facts
Try reading some articles on Bannon and his links to White supremacists.
Hello Rich Mole,  That loud, roaring sound is the sound of readers laughing out loud and rolling on the floor, over your childish and clumsy attempt to (YAWN) paint this as a racism issue, your prattle about this being "white born Canadians" against "evil" foreigners.  What an act of desperation, your pathetic attempt at grabbing and grabbing at an elusive race card (elusive because racism is not at play in the comments you target).  But what is actually RACIST is YOUR pathetic attempt to invoke "white born Canadians" in the pejorative manner that you do.  For what, the hundredth time, LOCAL WORKERS are people who work at local jobs and pay income taxes to Ottawa and the province. It makes no difference, the skin colour of the local worker - contrary to your feeble and loathsome attempt to stir up the race pot.
I gather Hawaiians have the right to raze the State Capitol. That "White" elephant is an eyesore reminding them of the "White" man who stole the Hawaiian Kingdom from them?
What is white privilege, you ask? For starters it is making statements like: 1)"I put in more hours in a week than these NFL players put in a month." These athletes are groomed from early high school and put in thousands of hours of gruelling training and competition to reach the summit they achieve: the best few hundred football players on the planet. 2) "I also do it for a small percentage of what some NFL player makes for one game." Are you among the top few hundred of whatever you do on the planet? I doubt it. Of course, the fact that you are white, as you so loudly proclaim,  and whining that you do not make us much money as these elite black athletes, shows an extreme bias. You do not think you should make as much a Johnny Depp or Leonardo DiCaprio, elite actors. But, because NFL is comprised of a of majority high-achieving blacks, it is easier for you to disrespect them. That is white privilege.
You re wrong John.  From the US department of commerce 2015 census Welfare statistics; Welfare demographics  Percent of Welfare recipients who are: White = 16.8% Black = 39.6% Hispanic = 21.2% Asian / Pacific Islander = 18% Mixed/ other = 4.4%
It's been 160 days since Trump claimed he needed 90 days to come up with a vetting process supposedly more strict than the very strict vetting process we already have.  He had to have come up with his process by now almost twice the time he requested.  But then again, the whole scam isn't an 'immigration' issue with Trump.  It's a xenophobic, white supremacist vehicle to compensate  for his own pitiful insecurity.
What a great response RolandX.   Just perfect.  Can't we just be human beings together?   As long as there is a steadfast refusal to look in the mirror (morseo on their part) we will never move anywhere.    Our ancestors made mistakes, we all know that, but that was the norm all around; white people were brought from Europe as slaves; black people suffered even greater horrors.   It was a crude time.     We talk about Residential Schools while conveniently ignoring that along with white leaders there were many FN Chiefs that also advocated for the schools, such as Kahkewaquonaby, a chief of the Credit River Mississaugas.  Also at the same time universal schooling was becoming mandatory for 'all' children as well.  It was intended as a method to make them more productive in society and not as inclined towards crime.    Do we ever hear about FN involvement in the residential school system?  No we don't.   What we do have is good kids ending their lives and that is heart wrenching.
A mission statement is no place for hyperbole, so I don't understand it to be hyperbole when BLM accuses (white) America as seeking to institutionalize the genocide of black Americans.  Their word, "genocide." It's very plain that non-racist blacks don't talk this way.  Or haven't you been listening?
I used to know the Republican party.  Now they are talking about removing tax incentives for American businesses (NFL) that brings more wealth to the already wealthy.  I don't disagree with this idea, but they want to do this for the reason that some do not toe the line on their narrow definition of showy patriotism. And this idea is touted by a president who claims that his business experience makes him a great president. Up is down and white is black.
I understand your point of view, I really do.  The following in way should be taken as being dismissive to your concerns.  When we speak about race/racialization what is often left out is the idea of power and how it manifests in relationships.  Power, as it relates to race, is generally associated with the power to define the parameters of understanding, or narratives if you prefer. Most minorities do not have this power within western societies and as such the narratives that inform our understanding of their histories, cultural or other, is left to be defined by those who have consolidated and monopolized power; broadly speaking, white people.
A Jew invented the poison gas used in the Nazi death camps. Blacks sold black slaves to white slavers. Does that mean most Jews like Nazis, or most blacks supported race based slavery? You seem to be using that kind of logic. Some people in power will use anyone that is willing to promote their goals.
When you are into identity politics, "white" people don't have a colour.
Supply and demand. Growing demand for illegal drugs in the United States is, as stated in the article, a big part of the problem. We shouldn't "treat" opioid abusers, meth addicts, etc., etc. We should lock them up (they are of all races including White) for a few decades. They'll either survive drying out in the first month or not.  My tax money (I actually pay taxes, not like 55% of Americans) shouldn't go to toward treating those that used illegal drugs.
Ben Meneses is white.
In 2013, whites committed  4,396 homocides, While Blacks committed  5,375 homocides, even though Blacks were  only 13.2% of the population, and Whites being 64% of the population. - FBI crime statistics 2013.
That's your honesty and measures of merit are fine for thongs like pay and promotion, but it means little in protecting what should be assumed as equal rights.   Educstion, civil law, rules of commerce.  With you knowledge you surely accept black Americans had vastly unequal treatment through most of American history and in particular the slave states and the suppression by law with Jin Crow laws.      What you don't want to recognize is that all white people have had foundational advantage (even if you personally did not have racial bias)  Affirmative action was a very small compensation for institutional racism in America.    I doubt it kept single white American from an education, claims of damage are ludicrous.
I have an honest question for those who promote "diversity" percentages as a serious concept worthy of achievement: Supposing every single Oscar nominee was non-white, would the Oscars then be considered "100% diverse"? Or, supposing every possible nominee was female (except nominees in best actor/supporting actor categories), would the Oscars then have achieved the ideal level of female representation?   This is an honest question. I'm trying to wrap my head around what "diversity" means and whether there is some kind of achievable end.
White folks don't vote along racial lines. You can't say the same for the other groups.
I don't have any problem belittling a new president who spent the first four years of Obama's administration attempting to prove Obama was born outside the nation and questioning his religion (fake news!).  Obviously, this mean-spirited, little man has plenty of enemies who will delight in his destruction; so he should grow thicker skin cause he's going to get plenty of criticisms.  And yes -- as a veteran of the Gulf War and a twenty-year military retiree, I've earned the right to express my criticisms about our government.  By the way, you are white? I know lots of minorities, and I can count on one hand the minorities who support the orange dude.
Manderling writes: "there might as well be a sign that white Canadians need not apply"  Said by white nationalists everywhere.
Exactly. It was a very strategic legal move on Furlong's part to avoid having some 60 odd people put their testimony and claims on the record in court... where everyone, including media, would have to acknowledge the gory details.  The affidavits are out there if you look, and they're heart breakingly sad.  Everything from hurling racial insults while beating these kids with sticks, punching them in the head, fondling little girls... if it's true, all I can say is this is one very very sick individual.  A predator.    And as for the UBC speaking engagement, I just don't think that Furlong should be given a pass just because he's this powerful, rich old white man whom everyone has put on this pedestal.  We already know for a fact that he tried to lie about his even being at these schools in his memoir...and you know what they say: where there's smoke, there's fire.
You seem to be using endemic white racism as an excuse to indulge in the disease of racism---Because everybody has it, why not you?  Because "people of color" have been the subject of injustice, no other injustice matters to you, and can be overlooked.  By all means, don't make common cause with humanity---Be the judge and jury of the "white race" for its unspeakable crimes, and perpetuate the fundamental cause of racism!  No wonder you don't like calling it by its proper name!  Go wash your own feet, Fred---You have no business airing your bigoted comments in a public forum.
Hey jj, how exhausting it must be to constantly have to perform the mental gymnastics required in order to rationalize your hatred.  Interesting to see however, that you are now employing the victim blaming usually reserved for your raging hatred of women to this situation.  Anything to rationalize your hatred for any non-white males.  But you do have a phd.
Thanks for the breakdown Capt. Naive.  If it only one person says it how can it be true.  The white guy was shot try to intervene and wasn't targeted for hate crime.  Now who didn't read the article?  Or is it more appropriate to ask who read but didn't comprehend?
I see that this discourse has degenerated into the usual fight.  Not surprising, given our current culture.  As I have said many times before, get used to these events.  It is too late to do anything about it.  While tragedy brings out a sense of community ("they are in our hearts and prayers") it quickly dissipates and we re-establish our steady state--that of individual rights that "trump" those of the community.  If a muslim commits an act of religiously-fueled terror, politicians demand action--registries, bans, etc. But if a crazy white guy kills dozens.... just because he can... we offer our "condolences and prayers." They are silent about bump stocks, assault rifles and large clips.  Silent.  So we will wring our hands, think about "how awful" it is, set-up and contribute to the "go-fund-me" accounts...  and then return to our football games, TV programs and Netflix. Pass the popcorn.  It is too late. It will happen again.  Get used to the world we have made.
You do know that Blacks also owned slaves during that period.  This is the first time it has been revealed that they were White slaves.  Somehow, owning people seems wrong to me, no matter what color they may be.
Well I hope his actions align with his words as the White House currently goes through the most expensive and elaborate renovation in it's history.
And many of us stand for the Anthem, but think that this entire charade has been overblown and turned into a political farce by the Trump.  Where do we fit in your black-and-white world?
2.)  Of course Trump is a racist.  His entire campaign was rooted in the superstitious, racist drivel of birtherism which he pushed for more than five years.  With the appointment of Steve Bannon as “C.E.O.” of the Trump campaign, Trump made his final, full and frank descent into the dark world of right-wing paranoia, racism, anti-Semitism, white supremacy, nationalism, mendacity, fascism, and -- of course -- fantastic, nutty conspiracy theories.  The further evidence of Trump’s racism and bigotry are numerous and easy to find.  If you ask, I’ll be glad to post some of them -- but you already know them and have made your peace with supporting a racist; so there wouldn’t be much point.
FIghting takes two sides....and onlty one to stop it.  The world needs peace now.  It can no longer be framed as an impossible.  We as humanity need to cooperate on a global scale to care for our home planet and yes each other, black white and everyone inbetween....
It is so hard to sing it, and it's crazy militaristic, and the third verse is indeed white supremacist, but I still love it (the verse we [try to] sing, anyway). Mea culpa! You are right.  https://theintercept.com/2016/08/28/colin-kaepernick-is-righter-than-you-know-the-national-anthem-is-a-celebration-of-slavery/
All I want is equal protection under the law as an American citizen. Apparently, that demand is a threat to some white folks. They miss the original Constitution that enshrined white supremacy as the law of the land. Those white folks have never had to live in a society based solely on merit. That possibility terrifies them. They look at what happened when sports were desegregated and fear what will happen when banking gets desegregated. What is an average white boy to do? They might vote for a civilized social safety net for all. That would upset the oligarchs that tell those average white folks that their enemies are those other tribes. They say, don't follow the money, just hate those others.
I know many practicing Catholics who attend Mass regularly that reject the Catholic Church’s teachings on birth control and homosexuality…just to name two.  Each individual has the capacity to embrace spiritual beliefs without feeling beholden to what a human contrived Church tells them they should or should not do in their daily lives.  I say good for Jules.  I have never met him but I am impressed with his reported intellectual curiosity and rigor.  I think he is demonstrating the capacity a Mayor needs to be strong in his convictions while being secure enough in his being to nuance the black and white choices a Mayor confronts on a daily basis.
Ms Tesa Ann, so how do you feel about the rash of attacks across the country on Muslim people, gay people, non-white people, female people -- by people who are using Trump's "victory" as an excuse to bring their hate out into the open? I am assuming, of course, that you haven't cloistered yourself and are aware (by accessing non-right wing media) that this is taking place. Do you think that Trump supporters like you are okay with painting swastikas on cars and churches, chanting "build the wall" in a mixed-race middle school cafeteria, yelling at women "we own your pussy now", ripping the hijab off of Muslim womens' heads, screaming at Hispanic people to "get back to your own country" is okay? This is what you have unleashed. Deal with it, honey.
You missed his words on the Vegas attacker. They were swift.  Immigration here was always set up to be immigrants who added to our country, skills, lifestyles, whse culture aligned with our American culture and English speaking was a critical role there.  Refugees were established for those people who were being persecuted and killed. That included refugees from the Middle East-it began with a focus on rescuing Christians and bringing them here. I know one such family from Iran...but they are not 'white'-  So this " who speak English and are Christian" makes sense.
They're both white so why isn't ADN plastering their photos everywhere?
What I accept about family and children is that children need to be safe and warm, have nutritious meals, education, and experiences. Having mom and dad loathing one another or relying on fast food and plopping on the sofa for entertainment, getting evicted again, drugs and alcohol, the constant sreaming fights - but Hey, it's mom and dad! Seriously? How about the single mom who works her butt off to make a home and puts her kids first? Oh - how about if Ricky Nelson had come home and told Ozzie and Harriet that he was gay? Should they shun him? Send him to conversion therapy? Add to his depression until he commits suicide?  CuE, there are many many ways to have a loving, safe, supportive family. Who knows what lies ahead for the children of  boxed-in two parent, white bread families. Some of them are in fact gay. Some of them are in fact trans. They are every spectrum of every human condition and if they have love and a broader world view, they will be better prepared to thrive in it.
Anyway you can milk the system is acceptable nowadays..Why not call it the LGBT Native American no white people allowed Alaska Pacific University..I'm sure they'd be wallowing in Federal grant money then..
Just like all Muslims are not terrorists, so too it holds that not all Trump supporters are White supremacists and just because you are a White Nationalists, that doesn't make you a NAZI.  Take Mexico for instance, in their constitution they actually have a clause that says 'Mexico, has to remain, Mexican.'  Are Mexicans racists?  Japan has a very strict immigration policy and no question, they will maintain their homogeneity.  Certainly not the levels we see in ONLY White Nations, where 1/4 of mothers in Germany and the UK are foreign born and counting.  Why hasn't the G&M covered the racists attacks on Whites in the UK? The college professor? The white mother where her baby was spit on and told white people shouldn't breed? The NO WHITES ALLOWED after 8 pm in Birmingham UK.    There is big money in War and big money in Trafficking: UN, Catholic church, Turkey's President , all under the guise of Diversity.  NGO's working around the clock breeds white Nationalism,  and yes be proud.
Do some research. The speeches in the historical papers I read had absolutely nothing to say glorifying white power, slavery, or the confederate cause. Now, maybe you know their hidden intent, but I can only go by what I read.It was purely about fallen soldiers and great men who were forgotten in the years after the civil war by people who wanted their ancestors to be remembered.
It would be too funny, if this wasn't such a sad part of our humanity, if the G&M writers could get as mad about PM Trudeau as they are about President Elect Trump.  Can you imagine a G&M writer saying PM Trudeau is a mad racist as he is killing non-whites in other countries through his direct orders.  But we can certainly expect headings like this for President Elect Trump in our near future, a strange world we live in, eh?
Even with the prevalence of The White Power Structure of Oppressive Patriarchy?
“He’s really starting to anger his base with this,” said Roy Beck, the insecure wingnut president of NumbersUSA, an extremist group of racist xenophobes that hate people who aren't white. “I’ve got people really angry and talking about ‘He’s double crossed us, he’s deceived us.’ You could say that the troops are restless, and I can’t blame them.”
"You know, brown Spanish speakers have lived in Colorado far longer than white English speakers. Just who is the "foreigner" in this scenario"?  Using the same "logic", I guess we should be teaching Navajo and Mayan and Aztec then ...
There are 3 races. Caucasian, Mongoloid (Asian), and Negroid (Black). These are their scientific names. Anthropologically, they refer to relative frame size & shape of the head. Everything beyond that, including soft tissue, brain and other body systems, are exactly the same, just changes in melanin in the skin. They just look different because of environment.  Mexicans are both Caucasian and Asian, as are most Central and South Americans. Many American Blacks are Caucasian and Black. Judaism is a religion, just like Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism. If you're Jewish, there are ethnicities. It's just like being Italian or Irish.  Askenazi, Sephardi, etc. If you're Ashkenazi, you are most likely at or within 2% of being 100% European, mostly living in colder climates. Being European, to most white supremacists, means white. So basically, I bet if they did a side by side study, you'd find most Ashkenazi Jews are as "white" if not "whiter" than most supposedly "white" supremacists.
Well, according to Trudeau they, women, must be...how else to explain selecting a cabinet solely based on gender?  Seems like women need a privileged white male to get them ahead in life?
These white nationalists don't speak for me or my family. They disgust us and should be considered no different from BLM or La Raza.
Whats this, what this. More old white guys who win the Nobel Prize. Where is our feminine PM on this outrage.
Descriptions were reported when it was helpful in finding them. Descriptions are no longer necessary, as they have been found. The girl with the knife was also described as white and having short dark hair.  No need to describe her anymore either.
And let's not forget the original chemically powered rockets were also of Chinese origin.  Gee, where would those conquering white males be without all their 'fireworks'.
barneybubble writes:  "when white English speaking try to protect theirs you call it racism."  Thanks, I think we have your number now.
My point was that as much as you dismiss Springsteen, or think that you should be able to give him input on his songwriting to have his songs better represent fast food workers, a tiny drop of piss dribbled out of him this morning that's more credible than you in the music industry. He was considered a talented up and coming artist in the early 1970's, he's made top ten records that covered un-coverable independent bands, he wrote for Patti Smith when you were in diapers.   Have some goddamn respect.   The reason you look like such a childish person right now is that you are trying to hand-wave away Springsteen's 40 year career as a well-respected, credible, honest, and down to Earth musician, and the only reasons you've given amount to "he's white, he's got a bunch of money, he doesn't write song about Subway, and he wears jeans". This is the guy that wrote Tougher Than the Rest, chump.   You know what Kane West would call you, Martin? A player hater. Don't hate, Cizzy, ameliorate.
I don't think the Dems are worried about losing the poor minority voters because they are clearly the lesser of two evils between them and the GOP. Dems give crumbs, the GOP offer only poison and hot lead. Remember Flint? That is an easy choice to make. I'd rather eat crumbs than be shot by a frightened white cop that thinks my cell phone is a gun. The GOP has become a white identity party. Trump is the proof. Not all Republicans are racists. How ever, they are all quite willing to share the GOP with them. The GOP is like police unions. Not all cops are bad, but they defend the bad murderous ones along with the good ones all the same.
The GOP don't want honest elections. They want to win elections. They prefer the original Constitution that didn't provide for women and none white people voting. They are not shy about telling us about their preference for the "original Constitution". I take them at their word.
No, I missed nothing.  You are marginalizing and alienating white people with your racist attitude.  Either we're all equal or we're not.  "Prick us, do we not bleed...." - Shylock(Merchant of Venice)
Lol, how many whites do you think have african history degrees to the ph.d level?  There are alot more non0whites with degrees in greek philosophy or euro-history than vice versa.  Probably any white teacher, teaching african studies is probably grossly unqualified.
"another political party, one that filibustered enumerating civil rights of racial minorities " Of course, if you knew any history, you would know that western and northern Democrats battled the southern Democrats for several decades to change the Democratic Party, that Republicans joined western and northern Democrats to pass the Civil Rights Act and Voting Rights Act, and that the Democratic Party has supported civil rights and anti-discrimination laws for 50 years. You would know that after Richard Nixon adopted the "Southern Strategy" of going slow on enforcing civil rights laws, many former southern Democrats became Republicans, such as Strom Thurmond, Jesse Helms and numerous others. You'd also know that Christian private schools became very popular in white suburbs in the South after public schools were integrated in the 1970s, and the embrace of conservative Christians with the Republican Party got its genesis then. But you'd rather keep Democrats frozen in time.
The 2nd Amendment doesn't permit you to shoot protesters.  Whether you are a white cop or a black gang banger.  If you don't shoot anybody, you don't have to go to jail.    It's a pretty simple concept for most people.
"I don’t want to evict anyone, and I support giving everyone the basic freedoms of religion and speech, etc., but I follow the Ka Lāhui Hawaiʻi constitution that would make non-Natives, whom we have married and whom we love, honorary citizens, with all the rights of Native Hawaiian citizens, but not the right to vote or hold elected office."   http://www.civilbeat.org/2015/11/for-native-hawaiians-land-is-the-biggest-issue/  Lets change out  just two words in that paragraph and you tell me how it reads:  "I don't want to evict anyone, and I support giving the basic freedoms of religion and speech, etc., but I follow the "insert racist document" that would make non-whites, whom we have married and whom we love, honorary citizens, with all the rights of whites, but not the right to vote or hold elected office."  The author's argument (and his mentor) is that a nearly identical exclusionary policy is only racist when whites do it. By the way, that article is dated 2015, not 1976.
if you have "tolerance" for white supremacy, you are the enemy. In time, defeated - every time.
Trudeau brought in 75000 Arabs and no one cared because they look white. Now when 4000 Haitains came in (who probably need more assistance than those who came in prior), everyone is concerned.
And how inconvenient for you that that particular casting call was for parts that required black actors--just as the parts that require white actors were filled by...GASP! White actors.   Grow up.
You can't make this stuff up .. .A white rapper has a rant played at a black only event ( won't get diverted by THAT hypocrisy ) and that's got libs and the media calling it a "take down" of Donald Trump? From the no talent that let Howard Stern land his butt on his face at the Grammy's .. Haha
"Hebdo was lauded for mocking muslims. Not so mocking white people." Spot on!
"Mr. President: People, good people, don't pal around with Nazis and white supremacists. Maybe they don't consider themselves white supremacists and Nazis, but certainly they hold those views". This is where Mr. Caldwell refuses to connect the dots. Perhaps a little cognitive dissonance. Idk. Those fictional "good people" your president spoke of are the folks in your party that have enabled these ppl and groups. If the neoNazis white supremacist & kkk were  so reputiated why have they existed for so long? Why did they feel so comfortable spewing hate sans hoods? Why have only a few families disowned those who proudly marched w torches beat, attacked & killed people, who credit members of Antifa  for saving them, or so few arrested? These, your party members, are their family,friends,accepting coworkers. They are not shunned. They are quietly embraced.  While these folks dont closely hold these racist ideologies. They surely tolerate them and those who spew them. Call the enablers out.
One does not have to look further than Dr Evil or even Goldfinger.  White people have been unfairly portrayed as criminal masterminds for too long ;-)
White men are the majority, so a per capita comment would be more relevant, but bonus points for keeping race at the forefront.  It looks like there are cultural differences, however, all cultures are equal, so we must find a way to exculpate aboriginal cultural responsibility.  Sarcasm, as biting and related to the truth as it may be, which is why it hurts, isn't uncivil, however, it's very uncomfortable. We mustn't make anyone uncomfortable, progress is not about working through an uncomfortable path.  To the screener, do you disagree, dislike, or really think this is uncivil?
I saw video clips of Trump twice ducking the question from reporters of whether he condemned the white supremacists who support him. As usual, it was left to other Republicans to do damage control while he dithered over what should have been an obvious response.
They are not a white supremacist group.  They support the ideas that western culture is superior to all other cultures (isn't that what First Nations is saying about their culture), and accept anyone, regardless of race or sexuality, who agrees with that simply philosophy. I don't support Proud Boys and lying about them is not productive.  BTW, read some unbiased history about Cornwallis.
Nah, it's not fascist to say no to fascists, sorry. That's basically the same thing neo-Nazis, the KKK, White Identitarians, etc have been saying for thirty years. That you don't recognize it while aping it is pretty telling.
'Siren scream No denying' I'll bite. In a truly free society, a rationally argued, civilly presented right of centre view is just as acceptable as a poorly argued, trendy, emotive Lefty perspective lacking either accurate historic context or a moral anchor deeper than current social fashion. The lack of civility demonstrated by Lefties shouting down and shutting down dialogue whether on university campuses or in the media results in the polarized environment currently manifest. Trump is not the cause. He is not even the end reality. He is merely a symptom. Having shut down the channels of dialogue, Lefties now feign surprise that people see their movement as the cause - a bunch of brainless, whining victimitis' who state, "Everything non-White, non-European Western, non-Male is good. Everything White, European-Centric or Male is BAD" News Flash: That is racist, sexist hate speech emanating from the Left and it is aggressive and violent in intent. Reap the whirlwind indeed.
I have noticed that when self-proclaimed progressives begin announcing their intentions to leave the country, their preferred destinations are invariably countries with overwhelmingly white populations.
A tragic and complicated figure embraced by a dangerous and farcical troupe a.k.a. the KKK as one of their own.   Initially Virginia voted against secession and Lee said he would fight for the North. The second vote called for secession and Lee thought the honorable choice was to defend his homeland. His feelings on slavery were ambiguous. As repulsive as it sounds today he had a genuine religious belief that "the African" needed to be "civilized" and any slave owner who did not encourage their "enlightenment" was guilty of moral turpitude.   By the end of the Civil War he was convinced the South lost because God favored racial integration (of sorts) and he made it a point, one Sunday, of receiving communion beside a lone Black worshiper while all the White attendees sat aghast.
"White" is a color, not an ethnicity. When you identify as white, you are identifying yourself by the color of your skin, and that has absolutely nothing to do with which culture you were raised in. Anglo-American, Celtic-American, German-American, Scandinavian-American, Iberian-American, Slavic-American, etc.. are ethnic groups that exist in America, but somewhere down the line, lost their cultural identity and began identifying as "white".
Actually, and sadly, the SCC has ruled that that does not mean what you would think it means. Protection from discrimination only applies to members of "historically disadvantaged groups". So you can be racist towards whites, sexist towards males etc. etc. That is why reverse discrimination is not judged to be in violation of the Charter.
Maybe it's because visible minorities always get rubbed the wrong way. Obviously you are white, as am I, but if you were in their shoes and saw daily people that made comments, sneered , looked funny at you then you might think differently.  If they were treated equal at all times I seriously doubt they'd have something to say but the fact is they aren't. So what is the real cause of rising Islamophobia? To me it's a few white folks that can't tolerate somebody that looks or talks differently. Certainly can't be their actions in Canada as I see little if any evidence that would cause that.  One just has to look at the American President, 26 people get killed in a church, many more at a show in Vegas and nothing is done. Yet one brown person runs over 8 people and all hell breaks loose in the white house. And you wonder why minorities think this way !!!!
Gerry, take your white guilt elsewhere.
Except that the example given of "coded language" proved precisely the point that when one wants to interpret something as "coded racism", it is easy to find racists under every bed.  Coderre lost his job as mayor of Montreal to a woman because he was considered "arrogant" and "too big for his britches". What code is that for in this case? That he is a white male?  Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
But it is important. It means that the entire capitalist elite including the African nationalists who still impose these racist  Verwoerdian laws on South Africa today - they all "benefitted from Apartheid", not only this white minority that the USA supported and who is getting all the blame.
Not used to having to use all of my brain while reading the morning paper. Loving it. Personally, I would add Lane County's namesake to the investigation. What I have read of him led me to think the County itself needs to be renamed, not because of slavery, but because of his views and actions as to native Americans. I would, if given the vote, indeed vote to take the names of all slaveholders off public buildings and away from public institutions. Madison and Jefferson and Washington were horrible people, who profited mightily from the incarceration of people and employment of their talents without compensation, and from the ability to beat them mercilessly, not because of what they did, but because of the color of their skin.  It was evil then and it is equally evil now. If someone kidnapped Martha Washington and held her for a slave, or any white woman for that matter, they would have been hung as being evil. What if whites had been the oppressed?  Hugh Massengill, Eugene
With the exception of this loon that went off and shot up a bunch a Republicans, the vast MAJORITY of terrorist shootings/bombings etc... in this country since 9/11 were perpetrated by RIGHT WING "Christian" extremists. Google it and educate yourself. With the Ku Klux Klan endorsed Trump currently occupying the White House, now is not the time to CUT funding to combat "white extremists" now is the time to increase funding as these groups are more emboldened by Der Fuhrer Trump in office.....
If white man were to honour treaties verbatim, native would perish from neglect.  It is all the stuff not included in treaties that keep natives alive.
For those old enough to remember, Boston was one of the places in the country that was most against school integration and "busing" to make it so. Boston schools were white and should remain so. The media being the liberal elite that they are and have always been, failed to let the rest of the country know what the liberal Boston Democrats were really like. All talk and no action except to blame Republicans and Conservatives for all the problems of the country.
White Lives Matter!
Unfortunately they will not. The writing is on the wall. The fight/flight basic human reaction has no logic or foresight attached to it. Unfortunately the ANC good guys are also just human beings and when push comes to shove will look after their own families and build the biggest caves to protect themselves and loved ones when the Zupta droppings hit the fan.   It's just like in Apartheid. Most white people where totally against it but instead of fighting, did the sensible thing and sat on their vantage and built themselves. It's just now the good people with vantage are the black people in the ANC. You can be as moral as you want but unfortunately we are simply all human beings and from our basic animal roots cut from the same cloth.  Tasting good things just does something to us.
"Euro/western culture that lacks the deep and complex roots of Hawai`i's mixed racial and cultural heritage"??? Huh??? All human cultures have deep and complex roots as well as mixed "racial" and cultural heritages. Give me a break....this is the Pacific ethnocentrism again....not to mention the anti-haole racism that comes out....as if all Euro-Americans (or anyone with white skin) have caused all the problems....go to Saipan or Rota in the Northern Mariana islands and see the brown people (Chamorros) exploiting other brown people (Filipinos) and treating them like slaves. Oh yes, slavery sill exists in Asia, South America etc.
Dontcha love the silly children...especially those in the military...who scream that the NFL players...all 58 this week...have a right to do this and that by GOD they fought for that right.. But dont seem to understand that WE the vast majority (who pay for all of this, by thew way) have the SAME right to call out these preening minstrels --being led by white liberals who detest football-- for what they are.... Ooooo Rah...now ACT like an American and stop hiding behind Chesty.
Leonard lets chew the fat for a few. Lets take a look back. Those persons who bought slaves were lets say had means.  Who got the blame, the working white man! When the civil war started who died,  the working white man. In the civil war when the flag carrier was shot who picked it up and moved forward? Your story is so full of hate and lies. The common white man is tired of receiving the blame. The first sentence from any one in a police shooting is let the process take its coarse, if the officer shot without cause he will be prosecuted. Civil Comments what a joke!! I'm tired of your hate Pitts!
In the first place communism as a world movement is dead and there weren't any in the crowd at Charlottesville. And...liberals are holding Trump to a high standard because whether we like it or not, he is the president and we expect him to uphold traditional American values. The white supremacists are the antithesis of those values and he should speak out when they stage events such as the recent gathering. They came hoping and prepared for violence and they got it.
If it were true that the Democratic Party is operating as a Southern Plantation with masters and slaves, wouldn't African-American voters abandon it?  If it were true, it would be very easy for the Republican Party to change its implicitly racist Southern Strategy to a new Southern Strategy, rewarding African-American votes with jobs, education, and programs.  It hasn't done so, presumably to avoid alienating its base, evangelicals and less educated white people, especially in the South, who the Republican Party itself has treated as closet bigots, justly or not.  I agree that the majority of Americans are hungry for change, although Americans disagree widely about what that change should entail - progress or a return to the past.  That is just one of the reasons for the drastic political and social polarization we see among our citizens today.  Speaking of "bound to Wall Street", the New York Times last week published a list of Trump's economic advisers; billionaires and bankers all.
Gee Laura how did you feel about Tricky Dick Nixon?  I once saw a grainy black and white film clip of a young female psychiatrist interviewing serial woman killer Ted Bundy in a Florida prison.  He was claiming that pornography made him do it and the look in his eyes and his expression was the same smirking, mocking and simian sneer that George Bush displayed almost every time he opened his mouth in public and now Donald Trump displays whenever he spews some credulous foolishness that his supporters eat up.  Sorry Laura but the supposed failures of character Hillary Clinton brings to the table are nothing compared to the sociopathic and likely criminal behavior of Donald Trump.
Not many Canadians think that anything productive will come out of this inquiry. We already know who is most directly responsible for the missing women. What this farce will be looking for, is who is indirectly responsible, once or twice removed. Read here police, teachers, and white society in general. Followed by demand for compensation. This inquiry will cost us a lot more than the $50M or so.
Nope, that's why there are so few white players in the modern NFL. White men have to do those jobs and get turned away from pro football at college level while we have to watch angry, entitled black millionaires 'protest' about society being unfair to them. mmmm
We can certainly change the channel, until Sinclair or another of their ilk control more of the stations.  That is the goal.  The fact remains that Boris is nothing more than a Trump propagandist, pretending to present real (as opposed to 'fake') news.  Given our president's fondness for white nationalists, it is chilling to see any news channel under right-wing control.  Do any of you conservatives ever stop to wonder how the German people could have claimed ignorance of Hitler's death camps?
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan, Second, no people anywhere has done more to lift up blacks than white Americans. Untold trillions have been spent since the '60s on welfare, food stamps, rent supplements, Section 8 housing, Pell grants, student loans, legal services, Medicaid, Earned Income Tax Credits and poverty programs designed to bring the African-American community into the mainstream. Governments, businesses and colleges have engaged in discrimination against white folks -- with affirmative action, contract set-asides and quotas -- to advance black applicants over white applicants. Churches, foundations, civic groups, schools and individuals all over America have donated their time and money to support soup kitchens, adult education, day care, retirement and nursing homes for blacks.
Let's see, we  are supposed to believe that a black kid approached a group of white strangers and asked one of them for a ride home? And then agreed to a physical contact challenge with one of the  group to get that ride? In this red neck town?SURE , sure it happened that way. Is there some kind of an IQ test for our public officials we can administer. Mark Nichols and Brian Smith might swallow this hokey story but I have heard better tales from a six year old.
It's funny how villagers claim white "devils" yet white people are doing more to save the animals of Alaska then they are. This is coming from a non white person too.
That is, without a doubt, the ugliest logo of anything I have ever seen!  The Beaver looks like one drawn in the  2nd Grade, the Japanese sunburst has nothing to do with Oregon, and it looks like someone is trying to stab the beaver with the tree!  The stark black and white must have been selected by a minimalist Swede to honor Ikea furniture!  I'd be ashamed to have that as a design for a State Highway marker symbol, which it closely resembles in shape.  Overall, it is excessively cluttered.  It appears to  have been designed by a committee whose members  were unable to reach consensus on a theme.
I grew up in Australia and spent many days swimming in the ocean. Whenever a great white shark was spotted a horn would sound and everyone would get out of the water as fast as they could, I can't recall anyone saying something idiotic like sharkophobia even though sharks kill far fewer people than Islamic terrorists(less than 1%). Fear of death is not a phobia but unfortunately Darwinian laws of natural selection do not extend into large urban areas where words like Islamophobia come from.
"In 1863, "the cause," was slavery, and the defense of Southern homes was armed resistance to the North. It is stunningly insensitive at best to mix up Lee and the Southern cause with the Holy Rosary, especially at a time when the "alt-right" and white nationalism are basking in the glow of renewed attention and proximity to power."  The reality is that there isn't that much difference between the Confederacy and the Trump regime.  Both are minority constructs to preserve White privilege at the expense of non-whites.
He can be, but under Trump he will never be "any race", he will be a white male with conservative leanings period.  That's the reality of Trump.
I am a former state prosecutor and a retired federal prosecutor.  Prisons are filled with blacks because blacks are convicted --- either by their own guilty pleas or by jury --- of committing crimes that warrant prison time.  It's as simple as that.  WHY they choose to commit such crime is a different question.  But thanks to sentencing guidelines, which greatly reduce the opportunity for race to enter sentencing decision --- the criminal laws themselves are color-blind:  Violate law "X," and it doesn;t matter what race you are, you suffer the consequences of committing crime "X."  That is the beauty of the sentencing guidelines.  Whether blacks are treated differently than whites in prison is a subject I know nothing about, but in my experience, it is clear that the system has gone out of its way, through the  sentencing guidelines, to make sure that racism --- and I have yet to see a racist federal judge --- that racism does not infect the sentencing process.  cont'd
You are grossly incorrect in your statement. The vast majority of the founders DETESTED slavery. [Which was supported by the democrats. Who caused the Civil War in order to keep slavery. And also opposed ALL of the Civil Rights Acts after the Civil War. Which had given the freed slaves the same rights as white citizens.] It is the REPUBLICAN PARTY that was responsible for the passage of ALL Civil Rights Acts. And women have ALL of the same rights as men - regardless of race, creed or color. I personally believe that all creatures have rights. And that those rights should be respected by all. And that the right to keep and bear arms ENSURES that those rights will be respected. [Which is why so many 'democrats' want it to be UNCONSTITUTIONALLY 'regulated'.]
No they are going to discontinue them because the white European 's started them.
It is possible that white Catholic men are not so much pro-Trump as anti-Clinton. Maybe if you have a religion that teaches that there is no God but Jesus and Jesus is male, and that Jesus selects only men to rule, sanctify and govern the faithful in His name, and that God just doesn't want to hear or see females in His Divine Liturgy and that the mere presence of a female defiles His holy sanctuary (except on weekdays when His holy sanctuary's floor needs to be mopped) and that female people should put dishrags or Kimwipes or at least Kleenex on their heads in His presence; then maybe men get the idea that women are too ontologically inferior to hold secular office too. Especially if the religion evinces a half-resentful attitude to democracy and teaches that God's plan for the governance of mankind was a King and a royal court full of thugs with battleaxes.  Lucky for the USA, even very devout Catholic women tend to think the Catechism contains a lot of b*l*s**t. Go Hillary!
Not really, the government had a heavy interest in the satellite as it replaced the communications from the White Alice sites.
It hurt with both groups, as white Catholics supported Trump by a larger margin this time than they did Romney in the last election, and Trump also recieved about 25% more of the Latino Catholic vote than Romney did. The Democrat still won the Latino Catholic vote by a large margin, but the margin narrowed.
Sacred Hearts is a very good school and Betty White is one of the best school heads in the state.  I am sorry this happened but the school handled it quickly, fairly and well.  Guys, think twice about sexual harassment and assault. Values and the law are changing.   Those days, even in sexist Hawaii, are gone.  Long overdue!
Although the article points out that foreigners have become wealthy on the backs of poor Africans, it fails to mention that much of Africa's poverty today has resulted from Africans becoming wealthy on the backs of poor Africans. A good example is Robert Mugabe, a corrupt and brutal leader who lives in opulence while millions of Zimbabwe's citizens starve and live in abject poverty. Once the breadbasket of southern Africa under the rule of those horrible white colonialists, Zimbabwe's food production has declined steadily since independence. It is not the only African country in which the relative political stability and prosperity of the colonial era has been replaced by tyranny and generalized poverty. If the media wish to provide anything resembling balanced coverage of Africa and the rest of the developing world, they could start by laying off the unilateral blame of foreigners for Africa's ills and taking to task those Africans who have grown rich by exploiting their compatriots.
From: Janette Banie: "I cannot remember what you said exactly as ADN has removed your post due to being uncivil. When someone is rude, I forget their posts almost immediately. When someone responds respectfully, I try to see their viewpoint. And whatever you said that was disrespectful, I can guarantee it was not because you said "white".   Me: "I got into this fray some time back after I read in your newspaper a comment from a young Native girl who said her friend had committed suicide after reading, day after day, words of hate and bigotry by Alaska's non-Native residents. At that time I sent an email to David Hulen to put a stop to the falsehoods being bandied about by cruel people in this town.  It never stops and has been this way ever since I can remember, from the "NO Eskimos and Dogs Allowed" signs I used to see in Nome in the 1950s to todays almost daily slamming of our people by your readers. It's a shame. It's and outrage and it can and should be dealt with.”
I know him by his Eskimo name. That guy totally wrecked the gray markets of Browerville working the BRW airlines handling freight.  Dude NEVER touched native dealers but was cruel and unusual to the ugly white guys. Real torpedo and selective in his mission. His obsession was to take out his own kind. Rumored he was a total criminal in his home state, got caught, flipped and started this campaign to totally destroy white druggies our elders singled out. Put a lot of child gomers in Samuel Simmons Hospital too.  Community kind of guy. From his free freight benefits at the airport he ran Operation Muktuk delivering whale blubber/meat to poor villages back home in the NANA Region. He helped our families butcher whales every year and killed a lot of polar bear.  Nice guy, but wheel-chaired WAY too many pot growers and meth dealers. Of course I liked him. He had a hankering for white trash and left no stoner unturned. Scorched Earth for sure.  Isn't he in some Russian prison?
Hmmm, maybe it's just me, but this isn't one of Brook's better columns.  He treats Bannon as if he's just some  sort of  traditional George Wallace/Pat Buchanan right-wing populist. In fact Bannon is a believer in the most extreme sort of tribal, "us against them fight to the death" Social Darwinist ideology.  It's all black and white, Good vs. Evil-- and the Good are white Christian Americans. Not thinking it possible that Brooks himself harbors such views, I can only conclude his "Let Bannon Be Bannon" is satire.  I think.
http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/38620-james-mattis-is-a-war-criminal-i-experienced-his-attack-on-fallujah-firsthand Tuesday, December 06, 2016 By Dahr Jamail, Truthout | News Analysis ...During the April 2004 siege, more than 700 civilians were killed by the US military, according to Iraqi doctors in the city whom I interviewed in the aftermath of that attack.  While reporting from inside Fallujah during that siege, I personally witnessed women, children, elderly people and ambulances being targeted by US snipers under Mattis' command. Needless to say, all of these are war crimes.  During the November siege of Fallujah later that same year, which I also covered first-hand, more than 5,000 Iraqi civilians were killed. Most were buried in mass graves in the aftermath of the siege.  Also... Brutes in Suits: Male Sensibility in America, 1890–1920 By John Pettegrew https://books.google.com/books?id=QT8N-ib2C-IC&pg=PA332&lpg=PA332&dq=mattis+fallujah+white+phosphorus pp. 331-332
Is the RG racist?  White settlers?  Why bring race into it?  Native Americans present were not settlers so the race-neutral term settlers provides all needed information.  Is the liberal establishment racist?
It was the MSM that promoted this nexus between the alt-right and white supremacists.
If it is indeed true that you were a lifelong Democrat who voted for Obama but crossed party lines in order to vote for Trump (and I have my doubts about that given your long track record of consistently vehement anti-liberal rhetoric on these boards) the likeliest explanation is that you're simply another garden variety white male misogynist who simply couldn't abide the thought of a woman in charge. Sorry, but the idea that you would vote for a liberal/centrist like Obama and then abandon a liberal/centrist like Hillary Clinton in order to vote for Trump stretches credulity to beyond the breaking point. I do not buy your assertion that your views took a sudden 180 degree lurch that quickly. Nope, not buying it at all. I think you're lying just like the president you now support in order to somehow bolster your case.  Weak, very weak.
Have you read the guidelines? They basically made a mockery of justice and due process. I think that was as ridiculous as letting rich white kids get away with sexual assault on campus because "boys will be boys."  Bottom line, it should be a legal matter for law enforcement and the courts. If someone is charged criminally, then the University could reasonably take some action like a restraining order, suspension of scholarship, etc. Right now they can do that if a woman simply accuses someone of sexual assault.
"The word 'haole' is a combination of 'ha' meaning "breath", and 'ole' which is "without". "  That is a thoroughly debunked myth.  Anyone familiar with Hawaiian language or history knows that "haole" is not a contraction of "ha" and "ole."  The language doesn't work like that.  Haole is a completely separate word by itself and is mentioned in the Kumulipo 7 times to describe differing physical characteristics (at one point a chief had reddish hair, etc.).  By the time of the golden age of the Hawaiian language press the word was used exclusively to refer to white people and not in a disparaging way.    Simply put, haole is the Hawaiian word for white people.  You telling a Hawaiian that they can't use their own language speaks volumes.
Wrong. Standing for your national anthem is about pride for your nation and should not be turned into a political tool. And how dare you label the Hocky community as white privilege. I grew up playing hockey, and it was just something to do in winter time. Many parents worked hard to pay for their kids to play, nobody got it for free. Bad article.
It's pretty obvious this guy has never been outside of his city. What he forgot to note was that it was not the white racists that elected Trump. They pose a very tiny minority in the Nation. The working class Americans hit hard by the screw-ups of GWB and Obama are the ones that voted in Donald Trump.  When you over-educated, professional elite as you call it. Decided to screw up the Nation. Enter us into multiple never ending wars. Bankrupt our grandchildren. We decided that maybe it was time to get off our butts and stop you from electing another Elite Screw up that did not have our best interests in hand.  How many books has Obama and Hillary released since the election? How many paid speeches?
This sounds eerily familiar to Trudeau's comments after the terrorist attack on Parliament Hill.  Trudeau spoke of the need for understanding how the disaffected could be lured into such behaviour, and how Canadians must resist attributing such beliefs to all Muslims.    Too bad he couldn't risk saying something similar recently without risking the mob rising in indignation with their inference he was condoning the white supremacists.    Perhaps Trudeau was at his best when he was leading a 3rd-ranked party.
A lot of my friends are going to be real surprised to hear I'm a white supremacist
The US doesn't have a race problem its called a race system.  And its just as insidious in the democratic party where you have a president who admits to using archaic racial hypodescent  thinking so he could be Black instead of "passing as black".  A vice president who confirmed this by using old school terms like "clean looking" to describe him (meaning superior intelligent mulatto like white folks).  Yes America has a RACE SYSTEM where over 30% of white people are actually mixed race not including Natv, Blacks  and other groups who are mixed white and do not identify as white (because of antique cave dwelling hypodescent beliefs of subordination of races as the child indentifier).  Making white people the most mixed in this country.  Is trump calling for blood supremacy?  But other groups do who a, and their race system depends on it. You folks think Trump has a problem?  LOL!  He is just raking the dirt a bit and exposing your own comfort in the race system.  The comfortable racist.
are you kidding!! EUROPE! so the discovery of gun powder in China or that the Arabs were the ones who charted the stars for travel don't have any reverence in your 'version' of history! This is your  white privileged speaking! to think that only Europeans enlightened the world! the reason women or people of colour were not allowed to take credit for their discovery was because the white man never considered a woman a person or the slave to have a voice. a Black Man in America could not patent his invention  80yrs ago because he was not recognized as a person, but a white man could and he took all the credit. Google Lewis Latimer as a start.
Since they got busted, they'll never get erected to public office. I don't know what the BIG deal is anyway. Why are people turning this articles comment section into a sexist thing? Stereotypes are real because they are mostly true. Firemen are assumed to be men because they mostly are and nurses are assumed to be women because they mostly are. Black people like chicken because they mostly do....so what? Asians like rice and white people can't dance. Why do we take issue with everything said anymore? Quit taking issue with everything and enjoy life. This articles comment section should be loaded with puns, not arguments over whether or not the nurses are male or female. Good grief. Get over yourselves.
Gadabout: . Well, closing loopholes is probably a good idea, but just what constitutes a loophole seems to lie in the eye of the beholder. . Went to a public meeting the other night, and a number of people - particularly women professionals - made some pretty compelling points about the problems of unpaid maternity leave for self-employed professionals. . If you don't have a pension, and you don't have any kind of job security, you need to look at the taxation burden over the entire career arc, not just an annual snap-shot. . This issue is nowhere near as black and white as it first appeared.
These articles are totally unhelpful. I'm trying to figure out who these people are that planned this rally, and the usual vague terms are being loosely thrown around: white nationalist, white supremacist -- and without qualification.
I am a white Catholic girl who was poor and got my nursing education on a scholarship for poor white people . Since 1972  graduation from one of the largest hospitals in America  as a nurse I went from working at a McDonald's in downtown Boston in 1970 to working in 1979 in Juneau with Governor Jay Hammond. Now was it far better to use " taxpayer" money and lift me out of poverty into the middle class or should I have held true to my Catholic roots and had 12 kids and live in a housing project in South Boston, MA. and spend my life collecting public benefits?  I think the taxpayers got their money's worth with me, never on public benefits, a life long tax paying career woman and I made, and still  making the world a better place than I found it.  Did you ever hear the expression "Pay it Forward"? I lived that, so do thousands of others who have been "lifted" out of poverty by those who believed in them and provided an opportunity. And, no one ever made me feel "poor".
Can you be any more obtuse?....I commented that: "Since 9/11 there were 21 instances of right-wing, white extremist, "Christian" terrorist attacks in the U.S. that caused 53 fatalities" and your response 3 comments later was: "irt hapaguy, what Christian Extremist Group killed 53 people". So yeah, anyone with half a brain can plainly see that you took my comment and twisted it....I'm not sure I can explain it in any simpler way that will allow you to comprehend.....
Good, it's getting to the point that every single special group has some protected status under law except for white heterosexuals. Why not equal protection for all? That was the stated goal decades ago, but more often we're finding that "equality" was never the goal at all.
The University was founded by white people, though.    That is the University's heritage.   It would not exist today, if it was not for the contribution of white people like Deady.  You cannot eliminate white people from Oregon's history, nor minimize their importance in the development of our state and its institutions.
It's race. The US government, that stole those treaty lands, on behalf of timber and railroad barons, land speculators, and miners, don't want people discussing the American Holocaust. Blacks don't want to talk about Harriet Tabman recruiting Buffalo Soldiers and the "40 acres and a mule" suggested by General William T Sherman, for slaughtering 70% of the Western tribes. Whites don't want to talk about the abrogated treaties resulting from the discovery of gold in the Black Hills. And, Oregonian's don't want to talk about the same happening to the 2 million acres reservation taken from my people that was the Malheur Indian Reservation in Oregon.  No one seems to care that five to eight times more Native American's died at the hands of the US government between 1865 and 1915 than Jews in Hitler's gas chambers. Instead of poison gas, the US government used Buffalo Soldiers armed with machine guns (Gatling), canons, and rifles.
Trudeau Responds To Islamic Terror Attack On Canadian Soil With A Post About Fighting . . . White Supremacy?  https://www.spencerfernando.com/2017/10/02/crazy-radical-islamist-attack-edmonton-trudeau-posts-white-supremacy-instead/
We must secure the existence of our people and a future for White children.
Sr. Pacatte does not seem to understand that this movie was a dramatization, not a documentary. It seems the point of this move was to recast a race riot as an "uprising". It would be nice if Hollywood would at some point make a movie about the horror white people have been subjected to at the hands of blacks.
When our nation's founders wrote the Constitution, the voting public in the 13 states was just a few million property owning white males.  Of course they wanted everyone to own a musket rifle to ward off the Indians and rebellious slaves. America's voting public today is far more numerous and diverse.  Most citizens don't even own a gun, but the NRA and gun manufacturers own our Republican Congress and president. Yes, Larry, you can work for sensible gun regulation.  Change from being a Republican and become a Democrat and run for elective office.
This is the craziest thing I've ever read. Listen. Your opinion is your opinion.  But there are millions of people all over the world who completely disagree with everything you said.  His music and his words actually change people's lives.  Gives them hope. Brightens their day or simply helps them while they are grieving.  I became a fan when I was 8 years old and was handed Born in the USA back in the mid 80's.  I wore out my brother's cassette tape and had to buy a new one.  I've not stopped listening to him since then and I'm now 38. Oh, and a female.  Not an old white guy. Bruce's words helped me through my grief after losing my husband at the age of 26 and his words continue to help me to this day. I'm sorry that you don't get Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band.  It's a shame actually. Because as I read your article I sensed a lot of anger. If you would let a little Bruce into your heart, there would be no more of that. Peace :)
It seems that if there weren’t so many ethnics in the country now, this whole discussion about white privilege wouldn’t even be taking place.
Really?  I mean, there was an entire World War fought against "alt-Right" extremists/Neo-Nazis/White Supremacists.  Have there been any successful wars in this country combating extreme-Left views?  The closes would be the Civil War....and I think most of us know how that turned out.
The original Progs started of with a qualified vote. For years there was huge internal discussion/debat about this aspect, splitting the party into two groups: one person one vote and those who insisted this would never ever get the Progs elected. Thus the latter said keep it qualified and when enough whites vote us into power we will then go liberal etc. Helen S was very very firmly in the one person one vote camp.  I know because I heard a lot of the internal debates.
I totally agree with the irony impaired son of President Trump.  It's outrageous that anyone should try and hold a US President to account.  Let alone that his family, elevated to positions of power beyond their competence, should likewise be held to account.  And I further agree that any and all critical remarks are NOTHING to do with the group of narcissistic incompetents installed at the White House, selling billions in arms to terrorist state Saudi Arabia OR taking health care from millions.    No, it's all an attack on wee 11 year old son of President Trump and the exemplar of white women's Christian purity, the daughter/wife of President Trump.  SHAME on the inhuman NOT humans. Burn them, they're witches*!     (*Actual witch burning to be organized by a competent Trumpian, when and if one is found.)
The sheen is coming off the shiny pony.... and the love affair with single, white, university women is going on the rocks.  Justin is jilting them and even professing to be a "feminist" will not save him from the anger brewing in the ranks of once-besotted Canadian girls who went gaga over dreamy creamy Justin dela Trudeau.. believe it.
If one finds that blogging about race issues generates unhelpful comments, they may want to make a better distinction between racism as a systemic problem in America and portraying all white people as racist. A pattern of blaming whites and exonerating everyone else reveals assumptions based on racial stereotyping.
Why do I have this gut feeling that Hancock picked chief White not based on merit but something else?
Nonsense. 1)  For white supremacy to be central to Trump's appeal, he would have had to repeatedly advocate white supremacy.  He never did that.   2)  Assuming for the sake of argument that white supremacists voted heavily for Trump, that doesn't imply that Trump agreed with them.  I'm sure that if Stalin and his Communist party were still alive, they'd have voted for Clinton over Trump.  Does that mean Clinton would have been in a "coalition" with STalin and his comrades?  Ridiculous.  Whether by intent or by carelessness, you simply don't use the word "coalition" correctly.  It has its costs in credibility.  Look, I agree that Trump was awful, and for many reasons.  But be straight with us.  He was not in a "coalition" with Nazis or the KKK.  This kind of lack of credibility is one of the things that cost Clinton the election.
It's not solely our problem to fix but it would be nice to see an organization help out a poor white family with weekly groceries or help an elderly white lady who's husband has passed pay off her mortgage rather than spending that money on Nazi flags and tiki torches. Just sayin'. The Little Guy
Donald Trump has just about every characteristic I dislike about a person.  I'm praying that I can find at least one redeeming quality about him.  Everything about him scares me about leading this country.  Mrs. Clinton has her faults, but much of the hatred about her has been a narrative constructed over years by a right wing plutocracy in the making, to keep Republicans and big business and money in power.  All the investigations of her revealed that her husband has a problem with his zipper.  Period. She was held to a completely different standard than all the white males in politics.  Her so-called lies cannot compare to Trump's vulgarity and lack of a frontal lobe censor.  He does not appear to understand the difference between the truth and a lie.   This election had me remember  that old TV show from the '50s, The Life of  Riley.  "What a revolting development this is."
What if you are 3/4 African American and 1/4 Alaskan Native ? What are you labeled? What about 1/2 Asian American and 1/2 Hispanic? What are you labeled if you are White and born in NY, White American?
It turns out that African Americans don't want to be shot and killed by anyone, white or black, democrat or republican.  The Marines have a saying that there are no white or black marines - just green.  It doesn't matter if the policeman who shoots you dead is white, black, or just blue, you are still dead.  I don't know if the circumstances of this particular shooting were justified or not, but in general I feel like there needs to be some changes in police training to make them a little less quick on the trigger, and a little better able to deescalate situations without resorting to deadly force.  Black people have a 100% right to peaceful protest, and I feel that their cause is just.  No one has a right to hijack peaceful protests for violence, destruction and looting, though.
Due process is a fundamental principal for justice in America and I'm glad it's back. Now we need more balanced sentencing when rich white kids are found guilty of sexual assault. The answer is somewhere in between an accusation being equal to conviction and letting rich white kids get away with sexual assault.
If they were white you'd be saying "welcome to Canada".
Lies, Michael - all lies. He was not an apologist for terrorists. He was not an apologist for racism towards whites. His support of Black Lives Matter - certainly controversial but not disgusting or unAmerican. He never shamed Americans, he never soiled American institutions. That is what Trump is doing.
"But if you have Christian, conservative values, you are considered a bigot."  No, you're a bigot if you treat those who are homosexual differently than someone who's been divorced, or eats shellfish, or wears mixed fiber clothing. You're an annoying Christian elitist, ignoring Constitutionality if you believe your religion should enable you to trample others' rights because "majority rule."  I know white Christians who are not bigots. Try to be more like that.
Interesting observations from an off duty police officer (who voted for Trump) visiting friends in Charlotteville and was called to pick them up. He thought the police did not do enough and were tactically outplayed by white supremacists who were younger and stronger and came armed and looking to attack the counter protesters. The white supremacists are attracting young supporters— very young) and they beat the older counter protesters and knocked and threw them on the ground. The white supremacists came to beat people up and mounted organized attacks on command and avoided the police who did not do enough to separate the groups from the beginning. The Nazi's carrying clubs and shields should not be allowed to participate.
Simply put, you're wrong. A country's law may be based on any legal code, be it British Common Law or anything else. It's not the historic basis of the law that defines whether its just or not, but the laws themselves as they exist today.   What defines apartheid is when a MINORITY group, backed by the power of the state and its laws, systematically disadvantage a group that would otherwise hold a democratic majority. That's what South Africa was. A white minority held power over a black majority.  There is no law in Palestine that discriminates against Jews, or anyone else for that matter. The Basic Law of Palestine guarantees equal political, social, legal and economic rights to all citizens, period. But even if there was such a law, it still wouldn't be apartheid. Palestinians are the majority in Palestine, not a minority. Israel is an apartheid state because it oppresses the Palestinian majority in Palestine, to the advantage of the Jewish-Israeli minority that lives there.
Trump's "return to traditionalism." Too funny. Yes, the traditionalism of kleptocracy and white supremacy, which is unlikely to have much of an effect on the Catholic liturgy. My that was a wild leap.
Another angry white guy with a gun. Let's focus on the problem first. Why are so many angry white men resorting to sensational mass murders with guns in the first place? What is wrong with white men these days? Why do you and tRump ignore the problem but have fits when immigrant terrorists do the same thing? Why is it hard for you to understand that this is some kind of terrorism, too, or some kind of mass mental health problem. And no "good guy with a gun" should need to stop a mass murderer who shouldn't have had guns in the first place. So stop trying to brag about the neighbor at the expense of acknowledging the bigger problem.
An Adventist is any Earthling who was raised in an Adventist family, or was once baptized Adventist and says they are Adventist even if they say the Sabbath is not valid, thinks the church is a cult, despises Ted Wilson, thinks EG white is the worst plagiarist ever,  or goes to church at least once a leap year or decade.
Hm! I like a little cognitive dissonance in a candidate! All this time I've seen Jules as being a representative for my own demographic only -- youngish, white, pro-queer feminist environmentalists on bikes. His record is mostly consistent with that view; I think he sees us as his safe cultural default and I doubt he's going to drop us if he becomes mayor. When I look at his connections to a church I'd never attend, though, it makes me think he might also be pretty good at forming coalitions with the Other Portland, out on the east side where I grew up. Not bad! A mayor has to feel like family with the entire city, and that means making strong connections with a lot of VERY different people who would never choose to try to get along with each other. It looks like he's got a good start on that.
Scaramucci's New Media Venture Goes Into Full Holocaust Denial What's that about denying there are white supremacists in the White House? The new pet project from Anthony Scaramucci, who served a mere 10 days as Trump's White House communications director, went all in on Holocaust Denial. Oh, and then they started sending out these tweets regarding an Anne Frank Halloween costume… What's that about denying there are white supremacists in the White House?
Krugman should read the letter sent by then Pres. Truman to a newspaper reviewer concerning Truman's daughter.  The letter, written on White House stationary, contains threats of physical harm to the reviewer.  Of course he was a Dem. so why mention it.
The New Black Panthers have not killed anyone. However, white folks are still producing people like Dylan Roof. Heck, he alone has a higher body count than the Panthers. What are you afraid of?
OK General Kelly, your boy has concocted yet another a way to "divide" the US Military.  Now it's squarely on.  Gold Star family vs. Gold Star Family.  Your white soldiers vs. your soldiers of color.  It's happening.    What you gonna do, General Kelly?    . . . Or. . . does this serve your purposes and agenda?  Too?
I believe it SHOULD be legal to discriminate, for any reason..  Let's say a restaurant refused to serve white people, or any specific group of people.  So the restaurant would lose out on the opportunity to make money off of that group of people.  Then suppose that the public showed their outrage at the restaurant by organizing a boycott, causing further loss of revenue.  Now if the boycott had enough support, i.e. the people rejecting the discrimination, the restaurant would go out of business, or would have to change it's policy in order to stay financially afloat.  Either way, that type of discrimination will be ended, with out the threat of deadly force at the hands of the government.  This is the way a free people deal with issues, as opposed to a society governed, by control freaks, in a tyrannical manor.
What do illegal aliens have to do with my comment and this news article about "white extremism"? Maybe lay off the sauce before you comment on things because you can't stay on subject and you don't make any sense.....
"white supremacists who incited bloody weekend demonstrations in Charlottesville."   I'm unaware that the DOJ/FBI had so quickly concluded it's current investigation of  Charlottesville and in particular has made an official determination as to the "who incited" what. Gee I'm sure many people would be interested in reading the official report I wonder why the NYT didn't link the report.
See Philly Canuck's comment above and see how wrong you are.  There is plenty of data about bias on the part of non-white people.
Hedzer, indeed police officers tried for killing black men and not being convicted tells me a lot of things.  As well as explaining rioting in the streets.  Imagine a white officer saying he was going to kill a black MF and then killing him - and not being convicted of anything.  http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/st-louis-cop-jason-stockley-anthony-smith-not-guilty_us_59a965a0e4b0b5e530fe090e
An advisor or assistant who left said he was moved to tears as he heard Trump’s refusal to condemn the movement that sent many of his family to the gas chambers.  It reminded him of being taught his family history that he had forgotten until Trump brought it back. Listening to the Nazi’s Stalinist and German chants translated to English, curses against Jews, and the smashing of the Star of David during the demonstration brought back the lesson to resist the Nazis. He was angry as he read that the white supremacists blamed “the Jew, Soros” for hiring trained mercenaries to beat up the Nazis and for bribing the police to help push their group into the paid counter demonstrators where they had to fight for their lives, and the claim that the driver who drove into the crowd was trying to escape the police trying to kill him.
I am happy to let diversity go as a public policy, if we could get equal protection under the law. Too bad so few in the criminal justice system, much less politics, have any interest in  justice for all. Racial profiling makes equal protection under the law impossible. What would white men with guns think if they were profiled for domestic violence? They would join white militias at minimum. They might join the GOP too. The GOP is the preferred party for gun owners and white supremacists.
The entire agreement was in black and white, all easily accessible if you wanted to read it.  I read it. Interesting stuff, but the deal was clearly written for the benefit of the US, so the rest of us, the other 10 trading partners, were actually better off without the terms that so strongly favoured the US.  Trump doesn't understand trade deals, global business, or the difference between a current account and a financial account. He didn't do the US any favours by cancelling the TPP, believe me.  But back to the topic at hand, once you're done dissing Obama, maybe you'd like to admit this is a serious gaffe, and your hero has some explaining to do. Maybe you'll even agree that he should tender his resignation? No!
That just illustrates to white people that they are being targeted and villainized. The tactic of the left right now is to paint all conservatives as hard line Nazi's.
I was going to say why look only at black on black violence?    Is it possible that the causes of violence have nothing to do with race?     Then I'm thinking that 'black' to many mean less about skin color, and more about assumed behaviors in black American culture.    What do you think LFS?    Is  black culture/race predisposed to violence versus other races/cultures?    I don't see any lack of violence in white culture through history either, but then I went to a white school in Eugene and we weren't taught black culture in any serious manner.  I do think that American blacks have a long generation memory of their own history and the clear abuse heaped on their past family.    Can you imagine the collective memory of black families that points to hanging, rape, segregation.   How would you react if this was your past?   So again, are black people inately more violent than white people? Or has the unique history of black Americans created the current culture of violence?
That's great this company is doing well but what I find disturbing about that picture at the top is that everyone is young and white. There's one guy kind of right center who looks to be in his mid to late 40s but everyone else... a 20 to 30 white something. It there room for older people or people of color in the tech workplace? Apparently not.
Trump owes election in large part to white nationalists and Russian collusion. He therefore refuses to criticize those two groups. He has no qualms about lashing out at western European leaders, the free press, even fellow Republicans, but never says anything that might offend Putin or his base.
You really do have a hard time understanding, don't you.  The link I provided to table 3 (Murder Offenders by Age, Sex, Race, and Ethnicity, 2015) shows...  White: 4636 Black: 5620 Other: 283 Unknown: 4787
I think lectures by Hillary supporters in thousand dollar suits and outfits on cable TV directed at rural and rustbelt whites about "White Privilege" did not have the desired effect.. Neither was the phrase "deplorables". When running for office you go after your opponent. Going after the supporters  closes minds to your case.
There's no way I'm voting for the sexist racist BC NDP. Go Green as an alternative.  If you;re a white male they have policies banning your participation in politics, Horgan, other men in party act like Polygamists, they have theirs, all the others all have to leave or bow down to them only, no hope for participating in democracy. They are a disgrace and need to go if they cannot control their anti-male, anti-white, anti-heterosexual identity politics. Regretfully, they the NDP are not a credible alternative.
It's amazing to me, still, that so many only comment of what America, Whites, etc. have done to Hawai'i since the "Illegal Overthrow"! This was nothing compared to what Kamehameha I did "UNITING" these Islands and the subsequent events of what he and his descendants did after this "UNIFICATION"!  Don't you get it? It's simple: MOST of we Native Hawaiians are descendants of the DEFEATED ALI'I! If the monarchy had remained in place, we would have what we did after Kamehameha "UNITED" these Islands, NOTHING!!   Look it up! Compare what America and several WHITE families did in and for Hawai'i! Then compare what Kamehameha and his descendants have contributed over the decades!  Al Gonzales Ourfuturehawaii.com/didyouknow.html Facebook.com/808majority
The term "alt-right" is just an attempt to rebrand the same old white supremacist and neo-Nazi trash.    Saw a joke the other day:  "Q: What is the difference between the alt-right and the neo-Nazis?  A: The alt-right is likely to wear a suit to cover up their Nazi tattoos"
Eh.  Get over it Goldberg.  Black folks have been peacefully protesting by way of 'sit-ins' since the Woolworth lunch counter protest in 1960.  And white folks been shrieking and flailing about it just as long.
`White man kills three Latinos Killer described as nonchalant, or showing no concern. Trump nonchalant too, shows no concern, keeps silent. That silence speaks volumes.
If natives may hold a smudging ceremony at every public gathering and ribbon cutting, Christians ought to have the right to have a prayer session  there as well. I and all white people are obligated to smudge or be denounced as racists. Yet a simple "Lord's Prayer" is condemned as offensive to natives ".. because of residential schools" . It's a sauce and goose sort of thing
The myth is that there is much difference among Republicans and Democrats in the Congress and Senate on the topic of illegal immigration is just that.....a myth. The border will never be built because there aren't enough Republicans who are strong on having a protected southern border to make it happen. Liberals are committed to increased diversity through legal and illegal immigration to minimize the voting block of white conservatives.  Many Republicans are beholden to lobbyists who favor open borders and cheap labor.
We all have much to gain.  No doubt the Bishops will soon be so tired of winning they will be asking for a break!  As will the rest of the United States.  But for now, Our Courageous Bishops have the man in the white house that they wanted.  Now if only they could figure a way to fill the pews.  Perhaps more latin would bring the young people in?
It's not that black and white and suddenly killing an entire industry woul have catastrophic effects on the economy. Leave the black and white oversimplifications to the right wingers, that's their forte. The rest if ys live in the real world where there's not just an infinite range of greys but an infinite range of shades in all colours. We can't reduce an incredibly complex world to over-simplifications.
An article posted on the Daily Stormer called Heather Heyer the woman killed at the Charlottesville, Virginia "fat and a drain on society."  "Despite feigned outrage by the media, most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness," the story said. "A 32-year-old woman without children is a burden on society and has no value."  Andrew Anglin, the creator of the site, praised President Donald Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists following the Charlottesville rally, saying "he loves us."
Actually the analogy is sound, and what you seem not to get yet again is that the DA relies on its middle class white voters. It does not have the black vote yet, and there is nothing in Mmusi's leadership to inspire this.  I would never pretend to be elected to speak on behalf of a whole group of people, least of all one I do not belong to though.  Here is an example of an entirely flawed analogy: Colonialism was like the holocaust.
Oh, how I laugh and laugh at the angst exhibited by those who are upset at Wilder's total drubbing in the Dutch elections!  and to see someone who is part-morroccan leading their party to a greatly increased number of seats pleases me to no end!  That merely underscores the fact that people are working together, and are casting aside white privilege and Euro-populist anger!  Bravo, Holland!    But our work isn't done.  We have a number of settlers in this country that are acting up and wanting to ostracize non-whites.  We must remain vigilant and defeat these outlandish and 19th century views.
How did you come about that? KKK only spews White Racist Hate, never heard of them dissing minorities because they are above the Law.
I am an old white man too and proud to be a liberal. I am looking forward to consigning the selfish, greedy and arrogant conservative old white men to the trash heap of history and replacing the unregulated free market capitalism with the Scandinavian-style social democracy with equality for all. I am proud of progressive Teddy Roosevelt for establishing the national parks, liberal FDR for introducing Social Security, and liberal LBJ to enacting civil rights, voting rights and fair housing acts plus Medicare, all of which conservative old white men opposed and now want to abolish.  If you look at history of the last 35 years with an honest eye, you will notice that the fortune of the middle class has been undercut largely due to Republican policies starting with Ronald Reagan that favored the wealthy and the corporations they control. They destroyed the unions that had been in the forefront of forcing corporations to pay their workers more and give them benefits such as 40 hour week.
Alaska Dispatch:  Why have you not continually reported on the Tennessee mass shooting at a church 4 days ago?  Your news article on it: https://www.adn.com/nation-world/2017/09/24/one-dead-six-injured-in-shooting-at-nashville-church/ . Was only posted for less than 8 hours and drew only 4 comments, at the time of this posting. . It is abundantly clear that the mainstream media is NOT reporting on this story to us because it does NOT fit their narrative:  the killer is black, he killed a predominantly white church, and he was stopped by a good guy with a gun: . This is what drove Alice Rogoff into the ground (besides her airplane): not knowing her customer.  If you won't report on it, then people will go to the outlets who ARE reporting on it: . http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/09/25/meet-the-good-guy-with-a-gun-who-stopped-a-mass-shooting-at-nashville-area-church/ . http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/09/27/tennessee-church-shooting-suspect-has-court-date-wednesday.html
OSU did beat him and USC.  Then at Buffalo, OSU's  Enyeart blocked for O.J.,  breaking him free for many long runs.  Nevertheless,  a jury of his peers would not convict him of murdering his white wife and her   "friend",    as an act of rebellion and setting the record straight by the jury.  The  30 years for a later  armed robbery was payback by a different judge and jury.  Poking the bear can get you mauled.  Now the Nevada Parole Board has spoken,  and he is to be freed in early fall.   Over 70 now,  it will be interesting if he can keep his nose clean for the rest of his life.  If not,  he can again be a model prisoner.
The funny thing about capitalism is that the cream will rise to the top.  Any corporate CEO who has a policy of hiring incompetent White men instead smart, aggressive “name your victim group” candidates will be looking for a job himself.  His company will sink. Green is the color of money and those who can optimize it for a company can be any color, gender or whatever they wish.   Discrimination is discrimination and wrong. Re-writing the laws to discriminate against a perceived numerical injustice is wrong.  Legal discrimination is still discrimination.    It used to be that successful people used to be respected and others would learn from them what they need to do to become successful too.  Not anymore. It is much easier to have your congressman pass a law making people hire you.
stop bringing confederates and Robert E. lee into this violent act it had nothing to do with lee or the confederates it was about Nazi and white supremacists which were also at fault of this violent act, both sides were bad and the good people on  both sides got hurt by these bad people.
" those in Nova Scotia are taught about how black people in their own province were enslaved," but not how blacks enslaved blacks in africa or how indians in canada enslaved other indians and blacks, not to mention the institutionalized racism in india, most middle eastern countries, and most asian countries? privilege of the majority is not a phenomenon unique to whites. in fact, "whites" seem to be the only "race" engaging minorities and confronting discrimination. whites, however, have always been an easy target because of the power and influence of the group.
Q: Why is the Canadian government handing $300 million per year to a religious organization?  A: Because in this case, it is an honest, on the ground trusted organization in many of the countries that have been targeted for this aid.  Q: Would the same people who have (correctly) pointed this out be so vocally defensive of this, if the organization were Christian, or Jewish? Or would the response by questioning why a religious organization is receiving money from a secular government???
Is that where you hang out to admire all the non whites?
Duke.. ">>Are you a muslim Alceste?" . Alceste >> Are you a White Supremacist...  . @Alceste So you equate being a Muslim with extremism ('White Supremacist')? . I do remember you called me a 'White Supremacist' a year ago - in response to a similar question?
Well, lets be serious here. Its still open season on old white guys
Gary, the vast majority of Trump voters are white, fact. The GOP is the preferred party of white supremacists, fact. Trump has insulted everyone that is not a poorly educated white person and anyone that disagrees with him, fact. I have no reason in reality to believe that most Republicans are not white and racists. I'm just looking at the fruits of their labor. We can start with Trump. He didn't invent them. He found them already here.
I lived in a majority-Asian community, frequented a majority-Asian community center, worked and studied with Asian colleagues... My Asian neighbors were polite, family-oriented people who I was happy to have as neighbors!  Race is not the problem.  As for your neighbor's house being vacant since October... I know White snowbirds who leave their houses vacant while they winter in Florida. Would you still call it "disgusting" if your neighbor was White?
Imagine now, two rooms, one filled with 20 black men and the other filled with 20 white men? Which one is more diverse? I can guess which one you’d suggest is the answer. Too bad the 20 black men are from an isolated Mississippi town and share very similar backgrounds, while the 20 white men are from various African states with extremely diverse backgrounds.   It’s easy to fall victim to a homogenized and polarized set of beliefs that lead to rationalizing misinformation, at the same time avoiding ideas and information that forces us to challenge our beliefs. Cinthia Ritchie, you are a product of this phenomenon, you resonate the ideas of someone living in an echo chamber. Perhaps, it’s time you reevaluate your flawed concept of diversity by challenging your beliefs and educating yourself in logic.  The color of one’s skin is not an absolute determinate of diversity, so stop treating it like it is.
I hear ya...  It's a shame that people are so misinformed, if they are informed at all.  Drumpf is the angry alt right white guy. Bernie is just a curmudgeon. JMO  I hear ya...Besides, Bernie would have got nothing done, just like the "Party of NO!" during Obamas term. Hillary would not have either.  The funny part is the Tpubs have every chance to do whatever they want, and can't get anything done. Worse yet, they self sabotage any chance to get anything done in the future.   Nobody wants to work for Drumpf. Drumpf has nobody to write legislation that will make it through the courts. Drumpf thought that everyone in the WH stayed there. That the cabinet aids etc. came with the house. It was quite a shock when they told Drumpfs team that they have to hire their own people. More than 1000 jobs remained unfilled. There's rumors Drumpf (Bannon/Russians) intends on shutting the government down in September. It's gonna be fun!
I'm going to quote you out of context because it's 2017: "I'm White, and I don't like it."  You see where this is going?
Tell that to the victim's loved ones. I don't think they it that way.  But hey, she's white, female, could play the victim of substance abuse card, and has a father who is an attorney. Justice!
Okay, so kids are influenced by TV and TV tends to "over-represent" "white people".   So what lessons did the teacher teach here?   It doesn't seem to be about how "all people are equally valuable". No, it's "if you are white, you have an unfair advantage over everyone else and, well, if you are honest with yourself, you should be a bit embarrassed about it (i.e. 'being white')."  I wonder if these kids' parents are aware of what is being taught here?
"Can we not tone down the anger?"  Should we be very angry just because many of Trump's supporters and some of his close advisors want to return us to the days of white privilege and Jim Crow?  Maybe Medgar Evers can answer that.  Or maybe Viola Liuzzo has an answer.
This is a bad thing to hear for this story like others written by conservative, near-sided, people whom will tell this story from only one view. Has this journalist (if that is what you call her) ever spoke with students involved or does she like to just keep spreading negativity? Screw white america, for all it stands for is oppression, lies about history, rape and murder. Foot the bill huh? This is not only comical but reckless. To answer your question, yes it was worth it. Only time will tell and for you to write this article when there are so many bigger issues facing this country tells me where your focus is...
Love how you judge ALL white people as one group. Why are you afraid of people having different values from your's?
If you call a comment "civil" that the Civil Comments algorithm considers "uncivil", you get this solid black box with white font that says something like "Are you sure? You are being warned!" Get enough of those, and you get limited to one comment a day. Until the system or a moderator decides to give you a reprieve. It's what I call a black box warning. I have been "warned" over totally innocuous comments. Someone else was "warned" over a comment of "ddddd". It is totally arbitrary and capricious.
"Fifty years later, the president of the United States wants to build a wall to help make America great again." Like it or not, the President of the United States is Donald Trump. So, yes, he did mention Trump.  I agree that money has a tremendous amount to do with outcomes in the legal system. However it is not always determinate. Ask Bernie Madoff. I'm not big on white privilege. There are opportunities for everyone. Holding on to white privilege as a reason for not seizing them is self defeating in my opinion.
"... based on 2006 statistics, approximately 84% of Canadians are white".  Chaplin, maybe you need to get out of the Toronto subways once in a while and explore Canada, it is bigger than the 416 area code...
Well it wasn't the ones shot in the back. Or in their car reaching for ID. And how come white folks aren't shot for "resisting arrest and threatening the police"?
You are mistaken in your belief that "The Constitution was interpreted as not guaranteeing citizens (outside of "militia" members) the right to "carry arms" for two centuries, at least."  There was no question that individuals had the right to a weapon until the prohibition era. That's why there were never any rulings on the second, until "Miller" in 1939.   "Cruikshank" in 1875 only mentions the 2nd to say that it only applied to White men, and blacks could be disarmed.    There were no arguments leading or following the civil war that individuals couldn't own guns. No one ever filed suit to keep guns out of the hands of westerners, even when gunfighters "roamed."   The 2nd wasn't considered as any type of restriction until rum runners suddenly had more firepower than the Police with Tommy guns.   Miller was crafted in the wake of that period to rein in the mob's arming their foot soldiers.   Heller was crafted to restore rights that were historically taken for granted.   Out of space
I am not surprised to mention the least that this article will be attacked. it will be attacked by our own and those who have always opposed us, but then, what I do not find in these critics is the fact that the history outlined here is not the truth. If this history is the the truth, who are you to argue with the personality of April Vutha Mbalula when you should be engaging with his race relations of socio-economic plight and divide brought by centuries of subjugation and demean in the hands of white people. Does it not make practical sense to observe critically the fact that the outcome of what we see today was never brought by the ANC but by the system that promoted white supremacy which is still the case today. Are you not by criticizing without contributing, creating a defence of the status quo. There are people here in this country who say white monopoly capital is the term coined by the ANC now, it is not true, Mandela will use this term when he refers to the way business beha
"So your implication is that the low rate of minority enrolment in many American colleges is just as it should be? Nice try. But unfortunately your words and "down votes" betray your purely political agenda masked in a discrimination against minorities theme.   "The photo illustrating this piece is perfect - two old, rich, white guys expressing concern.." A prime example illustrating how the far left views EVERYONE as a victim - "white guys" the exception of course.
diverdave, Here's one for you:  "I am a white supremacist...I am a member of the KKK...I am a skinhead...I am a neo-Nazi...I am a racist...You understand me.  Your words have ennobled me.  I was standing in the shadows, but I am no longer afraid to be in public.  I am at your rallies.  I support you.  I believe your tweets."
It took me a lot of searching to eventually work out that there was a difference between "whiteness" and white people in the fallist newspeak. I just wonder if the unemployed nyaope addict is aware of the difference when deciding whether or not to pull the trigger on his latest victim after listening to the rantings of the Mngxitamas, Malemas and Qwabes of this world.  Acedemic jargon has a place and that place is inside academia - using it in public discourse can have consequences too horrific to contemplate :(
Facts don't matter to Trump supporters. Facts were consistently presented here throughout the year and simply ignored.  It's striking the critical mass of facts supporting the perception of Trumpism as a white, ethno-nationalist movement that carried Trump to power by exploiting white resentment of civil rights and immigrants is met by conservatives with: Crickets.  Trump actually had to pay a fine to the IRS for violating the rules with a "gift" from his foundation to the Florida attorney general and just settled a lawsuit for $25 million for defrauding students of his phony university. Crickets.    The toleration of bigotry in all its manifestations, the Nazi overtones, the contempt for truth-value, the specter of a strongman exploiting the most powerful office in the world for private profit, the destruction of America's standing in the world, and the purely ideological denial of climate change which threatens the very survival of the human species: Crickets.  Silence gives consent.
Black Lives Matter is a great and much needed movement for social justice.  I don't know that Officer Wilson was "racist" -- a term that needs definition, in any case, before we wield it. Likely though he had a typical white person's bias, which is not the same as full-blown racism at all, by which we are spontaneously more mistrustful of a black person entering our view than of a white person. It's our conscious choices, regardless of that unconscious bias, which can determine whether or not we deserve to be called "racist."  Moreover, we should note that Wilson shot Brown when Brown was some distance from Wilson. There is a difference of interpretation of Brown's movements just then, whether he was approaching or withdrawing, whether or not he had his hands in the air. Nevertheless, he was not in direct contact with Wilson.
Did some research, and conclude that the whole exercise was rigged from start.  "The women who appear on our list should resonate with Canadians and reflect the diversity of Canada. Their achievements must be seen in the context of the time they lived in," the criteria said.  There was never a snowballs' chance in Hades that a Caucasian woman was getting her picture on the fiver.  After all, "diversified" today actually means "all races, except the white one".
You do not have to search too long and hard to find that rape and incest statistics amongst Native Alaskans both in villages and even in urban areas are off the charts compared to the rest of the country.  You can't put your head in the sand. There are problems in these communities and whether they are remnants of cultural norms that are still being adhered to it matters not.  What matters is that women and children are being raped, at a rate higher than anywhere else in this country.  I'm not going to bother with the 10 links that I found supporting this but before you go blaming whites for treating your poorly you must look to cleaning up your own nest.
The antifa group is known for covering their faces.  If they cannot be identified, the Virginia State law is pretty useless.  If the antifa people were uncovered and committed violence, they should be facing the same consequences as the white nationalists.   The big question is why the city allowed this to happen and did not manage the protests better.
Another story of white privilege. Not a race statement but it is what it is. Just like the 18yo girl who killed the man on a bicycle and drove away higher than a kite. If you are connected to people in higher places with money or influence you get a pass. What a great criminal system that we have. On to the next victim there Palin, and it isn't you.
Article doesn't say how Scheer will deal with the fact that a former principal of Rebel Media, linked with white supremacists and neofascists, now works with him and the party.
Racist out comes don't have to motivated by a since of white superiority. Simple ignorance is all it takes. I worked in the public sector for 30 years in Eugene, often being the only black male in the office. I would not consider the vast majority of white folks I worked with to be conscious racists. However, the majority of them were ignorant about their own bias'. For example, they may say they hire people they feel comfortable with. However, since most of them never had a close black friend, they some how end up hiring only white folks. Of course, if they crew up in Idaho, how would they get to know any black people well enough to make friends? For example, I am the only black man to be a manager in the 100 year history of EWEB. For every one on those years EWEB was less than a mile from the UO. No one in management at EWEB think there is anything wrong or unusual with that reality. I would not be surprised if all public offices in Oregon have some degree of that blindness.
Ivan, neither Helms or Thurmond were ever AG. How to I back up my facts about Holder and Lynch? Ivan, I can't, I won't and I don't have a second life, to reread to you, all of their sins since Obama took over. Just reading through Yahoo is enough evidence. You have to read it. But just for example, recently four blacks in Chicago were arrested for attacking a white voter whom the blacks accused of voting for Trump. There been no reaction from the DOJ. Now we all know for sure that if the color situation were reverse, and one black voter were beaten up by four whites because he voted for Hillary, that pet slave of Al Sharpton would be jumping through the loops to label this as a hate crime and violating federal voting laws. You know that. I know that. And just about everyone who read knows that. And that is just one out of hundreds of thousands of act of racism practice by Lynch and Holder. I am not white nor black, I am rather impartial in how I see things racially here.
People tend to overrate the impact of shows they like -- Mary Walsh is correct but Mr. Doyle can't bear to admit it, bedazzled by television as he always is. Even the best of the late-night comics are merely preaching to the converted. Meanwhile, Trump resides in the White House and they don't; if he is brought down any time soon, it will be due to a matter of law (Mueller) not comedy. I hope this comment is bland enough for the Globe and its fragile system -- a recent one of mine stood for twelve hours, won many more approvals than not, then was deleted by some mysterious and neurotic force. So I'll try to be less controversial and more bland in the future, say in 2050.
The posted facts of old, boated white guys feeding at the government trough while paying little or no taxes are enough "facts" to dispel any notion of morals, patriotism, or honesty within the entire cabal of projected, soon to be, once again, government employees.
Like Trumps idea of raising the minimum wage to $15.00 Nationwide, love those Pistol Packing Republicans, coming soon to the U.S. $20.  "I nebber see such a sight," said Harriet; "we laughed, an' laughed, an' laughed. Here you'd see a woman wid a pail on her head, rice a smokin' in it jus' as she'd taken it from de fire, young one hangin' on behind, one han' roun' her forehead to hold on, 'tother han' diggin' into de rice-pot, eatin' wid all its might; hold of her dress two or three more; down her back a bag wid a pig in it. One woman brought two pigs, a white one an' a black one; we took 'em all on board; named de white pig Beauregard, and de black pig Jeff Davis. Sometimes de women would come wid twins hangin' roun' der necks; 'pears like I nebber see so many twins in my life; bags on der shoulders, baskets on der heads, and young ones taggin' behin', all loaded; pigs squealin', chickens screamin', young ones squallin'." Harriet Tubman(R) Another Grand Old Party Classic.
There are quite a few white males in Trudeau's cabinet.
I'm going to keep pointing out that these Japanese-America internment remembrance groups are part of the Soros group, they are with the Enemies of the People. Under Obama, zillions of dollars went down the drain. This newspaper is with the crowd who love to put on trial people long dead (Roosevelt, forefathers, the White race), pronounce sentence, & demand reparations. Just sayin', watch the money.
Shot in the dark, are you an older white male?
So, you see it as a sign that they chose to 'disrepect the flag'. They see it as free speech to draw attention to the fact that black people are being killed by police officers at a 600% higher rate than white people.  about your "Its only pissing off half the country" remark. the people that get pissed about it should be getting pissed that innocent civilians are getting shot by out of control law enforcement. Imagine if they put their effort into that, what a difference it would make.
Some valid commentary here - pity the author had to resort to racial mud-slinging. That is the problem with the majority of ANC commentary - the commentator has a valid point and then brings in white-bashing which tends to invalidate it.  When you can get that massive chip off your shoulder and stop treating a tree like a fence and realise that the future of black South African's is not dependent on their comparison to "white men" maybe we can move forward as a nation as one to solve the problems we all face.
' …or the many who got the 'alert' on their white nationalist forums to come here and defend their 'cause'. .
When members of BLM stand in the middle of downtown Toronto, calling Trudeau a white supremacist, calling for armed revolt in Quebec and calling for the armed confiscation of farmlands in Canada, yet not one opinion piece has called out that vitriolic hate speech while a few white guys peacefully attending a protest in the face of an increasingly hostile crowd draws the kind of response we've seen for this very paper, it is pretty clear that there is a level of hypocrisy and a blatant double standard in popular thinking on this subject. The white guys are about to have their careers ruined while black activists who implore their followers to violent action garner government funding and political clout.
ummm...this man is not white hon...check your eyes and skip your racism.
To me, while the direct victims are of great consequence, the more important thing is to not allow the use of such weapons to become normalized. It does worry me anytime a state breaks the law. You could say "the state must always act within the law and this would be correct/desirable, but what if that results in some states increasingly reporting to chemical or biological weapons because allowing this to pass without a direct and near immediate response emboldens the whack jobs of the world? You could say breaking with international law of this is defensible because for a host of reasons, but what if the result is that states increasingly ignore the law?  There is simply no black and white, right or wrong answer in my opinion.
That is short-term thinking, there is agreement with large-scale automation that many  current employees will not need to be replaced. We need to get ready to deal with that.  As for "Christian white European stock", that isn't the issue, what is is continuing the culture that makes Canada a good place to live, i.e. that western culture. People of any color adopt that western culture and values when they have a chance to integrate properly, but when the numbers are so high there is no "mainstream" society around in which to integrate, they won't be able to.
Trump is about to find out how few white supremacists, and sympathizers, there are in a country with 325 million people.  A few thousand.  Things are about to get very lonely for the tweeter-in-chief.
...says the old white guy.
Lessons like this one were being taught last year (haven't done an update) in at least one Secondary School in Victoria, B.C.  It was taught to Grade 10 and 11 students, who did NOT believe the teacher when she told them that White Privilege still existed in Canada. They were aghast.  They were incredulous.  They simply could not understand how this was possible.  THEY didn't feel this way...  The story comes straight from the teacher herself.
Donald Trump doesn't care about kneeling, or sitting or standing, or even singing the National Anthem, which almost nobody does anyway, relegating its performance instead to a soloist blaring into a microphone. This whole tempest in a teapot was designed for one purpose and one purpose only: to shore up Trump's rabid racist base. And that can only mean one thing: the noose Robert Mueller's been carefully wrapping around Trump's fat orange neck must be getting awfully tight.  Steve Bannon may no longer occupy an office in the White House but it's clear his former boss is still heeding his counsel when Bannon said, “Let the grassroots turn on the hate, because that’s the ONLY thing that will make them do their duty" (support Trump.) And so we get a Twitter war over kneeling during the National Anthem by mostly black athletes.   There's a reason this whole brouhaha began in Alabama.
You seem to have missed the whole boat on this one. Cataluna is simply mirroring what has already been placed out there not only by the actors but by the public who have taken the whole issue of race into account. Yes, there seem to be that aspect in Hollywood when a white plays the role of a Hawaiian but this story is about how this show is but just one of the many entertainment programs of the many and that these actors are in this microcosm just one of the many bit players. One that in particular holds a lot of interest for the locals who see it as a reflection of their own community.
Interesting, but I don't think that the angry people -- either the protesters or the people who voted for Trump or Bernie -- are/were all Gen X by a long shot.  I was not aware that the white liberals of the sixties, not to mention those who are not white, ever abandoned their principles, but then, I lived most of my adult life in a university town.  As for this article, I, too, find it very perplexing in many ways.  It seems to be full of exaggerations and inapplicable platitudes.   Obviously, Ms. Zagano did not live through the late sixties and early seventies.
"In a 2015 PRRI survey that asked the same question, more than half of white evangelical Protestants and Mormons approved of those who cited religious belief to deny service to LGBT customers. But in the new 2016 survey, only 50 percent of white evangelical Protestants expressed such approval, as opposed to 56 percent the year before."  Well golly gumdrops! Speaking as a bona fide gay person, that six-point shift is SO very reassuring. Now that I know that only half of religious people think I should be denied services solely on the basis of my ontology I can finally sleep at night. Thanks, NCR! Whew! What a relief!
I grew up on a Sesame Street .... was named Sesame Street because we had White, Black and Hispanic kids playing together back there between our back yards and the Moose Lodge... The borough yard employees carefully watched for kids all the time as they rolled into and out of work.  Was a great area until Tudor Rd blazed through....
Good, so you agree that the canon of excellent literature is not restricted to just the current texts and that books like Mistry's should be considered alongside  those written by dead white people.
Oh please,  it's hard enough already deciding where to vacation without getting into politics.  "Now let's see, this County doesn't allow abortion on demand, and that county has a white police chief in a predominately black  county , and that State was in the Confederacy  so maybe .."   So where does it end with your nonsense?
Please provide your source that republicans had no hand in designing ACA.  Olympis Snow (She has said flatly that there is no GOP support for a public insurance option, and has urged the White House and Democrats to consider a public option that would be triggered only if insurance coverage failed to meet a basic threshold.) Chuck Grassley (No public option. No play-or-pay. No things that are going to lead to any rationing of health care. No interference with the doctor-patient relationship," says Grassley. "About the only place we haven't made progress along the lines of what Republicans are wanting on the bill is in tort reform.") Mike Enzi (Enzi has said that he opposes paying for universal coverage through tax increases or by squeezing savings from Medicare. He wants a bill that will get the support of at least 75 senators.) Members of the gang, who all sit on the Finance Committee, have negotiated for months to reach a bipartisan agreement,
I think of Emmett Till frequently.   I was very young when he was so savagely murdered, and was not aware of the story until I was older.  For me, Emmett Till is the face of white brutality toward black people prior to the civil rights movement.   What a horrifying, heartbreaking page in history.   The memorial placed where his body was pulled from the river was severely damaged recently.    I'm not sure I believe in progress.  Certainly we have progressed in some ways.  But in others it seems to me we have merely turned our attention and destruction elsewhere.  I have given up hope in some ways, in others not so much.  I don't have a lot of hope that human beings will be better in the future, or that humans will survive what we have done to the planet.  But I'm pretty sure spiritual realities exist, that gives me peace.
Correct.  But of course you fail to note that all the racist white southern democrats switched to the republican party after the civil rights laws were passed.  You should also note that most African Americans in the south were republicans at one time because the GOP was the party of Lincoln.  However, at the time of the Civil Rights movement, they too switched parties, because all the racists democrats could only find solace with Nixon's "southern strategy".   Time to do some reading, but we know that's hard for you MAGAphants.
Quick, Globe! Get Doug Saunders out here to blame 'white culture'.
It wouldn't necessarily cause 'intolerable scandal'.  It might cause people to make choices according to their consciences.  Your conscience will say male priests only and you can choose a Mass with a male priest.  Others are not so black/white, male/female, slave/owner, Jew/Gentile and will not care, much less be scandalized.
I think we all agree with Mr Mbalula - whites are minorities in this country and we do have capital.
Because "race" is an artificial idea. It grew out of and is inseparable from the concept of whiteness. Only non-whites, according to this idea, really HAVE a racial identity. White people are the norm; everyone else is "different".   What you perceive as a kind of war on whiteness is a direct result of the creation and persistence of white privilege.  As someone said, "To a privileged class, equality looks like oppression."
According to the latest statistics, 39.8 percent of welfare takers are white people, and about the same for blacks. The rest is divided among Hispanics, Asians, and other foreign born folks. Alaska Natives don't even show up on the charts….most of us are doing well, thanks to our Native-run Native corporations that also do well. And good educational opportunities to boot.
Masuma Khan? That young woman is a racial bigot itching for a higher profile by denigrating Canada Day on the pretext that all "whites" are oppressors, ergo students might as well boycott Canada Day. What a privileged egotist!
Usually isn't when the perp is white.
Only Trump identified Mateen, the killer of 50 gay people in Orland, as a Muslim and a terrorist . All other politicians, LGBT community leaders  and media white washed it as simply a grievous crime with no apparent background.  Only  Trump was honest yet the LGBT world  hate him for it.
Obvious those non-govt racist Quebecois on trial in the govt human rights for not renting to the massive immigration must be getting fed up with the fallen angel attack on Versailles culture.  Montreal Conderre ex-minister of immigration like his black Somali counterpart.  The end of white French Quebec, spiritual suicide assisted by the fallen angels.
Professor Claims Math, Algebra, And Geometry Promote "White Privilege" - A University of Illinois math professor Rochelle Gutierrez argues in a newly published math education book for teachers that they must be aware of the identity politics surrounding the subject of mathematics.
Victor you make some solid points.  However, your argument is nonsense.  White men control this country.  White people have been voting for all white candidates for 300 years.  Now because minorities have gained the political maturity to vote for people who look out for their interest, you're saying the future of the republic is at risk.  That's just b.s. Minorities are doing what white people have been doing for 300 years!
nope just pointing out the fact that nobody in the Denver Police or the Denver Post is calling this a hate crime, but outraged whites is like hoe dare a black man kill a white man and I simply state that white men have been killing us, they wives, and kids a long time in America. Then he writes up all the data and convinced you that black lives don't matter still. Why would we have to even say black lives matter on t shirts and poster boards if we wasn't going thru something as deep this. My sons are bi Racial sooo.... Sorry your data is wrong😂😅
Weird/sad, but I doubt a 'golden video' would change anything  If 'Access Hollywood' still had something like 53% of white women voting for trump, my guess is a video of that nature would just earn him friends in the kink/LGBT etc community -that is anyone who has been viewed as a sexual outcast by greater  society  Count on it....
As many have said before. It is not understandable as to why Helen would have gone down this road. Well consider this. The DA and Musi are facing a credibility crisis, it is being said that he is the white mans puppet. How does he and the party get rid of this stigma before 2019? Zille is reaching retirement age, however she still has strong feeling for her beloved DA and wants it to succeed in 2019. So what do they need? Musi needs to show that he is not a puppet in a substantial way, what better white person to take in hand and berate than Helen? However Helen mindful of her legacy needs something that will create a big enough stir, but at the same time will not unduly affect her long term legacy, hence the colonialism tweets. Once that had been set up Helen has to appear to be fighting for her life, in order to make the story appear credible. The end result. All win, Helen sees DA win in 2019 and Musi is not called a white mans puppet. My five cents worth.
All victims of crimes are overwhelmingly victimized by their own race/ethnicity.    The point that more blacks are victimized by other blacks loses all substance when  the same can be said of all races and ethnicities in the US.   All white victims of crime are victimized a large majority of the time by other white people, too.
"Name one person that has ever, ever, supported white supremesit's"   I'll name more than one person who's supported white supremacists:  Pocho.  hawaiikone.  JSwr.  Donald Trump.  David Duke.  Sean Hannity.  Tucker Carlson.  Mark Fuhrman.  Walter Dillingham.  Grace Fortescue.  Robert E. Lee.  Stonewall Jackson.  Adolf Hitler.
Quoting: "He says the separation is fueled by outsiders’ impatience and lack of understanding of local culture...The outsiders want to transplant where they came from to Hawaii. And the locals are unwilling to understand the outsiders’ point of view. It’s becoming a real problem, says Akinaka." Only half of this quotation suggestion is useful: Restating- When outsiders move here, THEY have to adjust to local context and ways of behaving. Admonishing locals for "being unwilling to understand the outsiders' point of view" is yet again accommodative of colonialist impulses that began forcefully with the illegal takeover of Hawaii by white Christian Americans.
Wavemaker, maybe initially they were until the backlash went way beyond what they expected. I have read that killing old religious black folks in a church was not worth the backlash that ended up costing these white racists far more then what they bargain for. I am sure they expected some backlash but not at the scale it went.
Most pro life voters will never adopt an unwanted child. They will never vote for tax increases to support those unwanted children. The GOP does not care about those children once they can breath on their own. If they are not white, they are just suspects.
Racism is not the same thing as bigotry.  Bigotry is more of an individual feeling whereas racism is a social structure. Racism results when bigots have power.  There's a long history of white bigots in power in the USA, and hence of white racism. And it is UGLY.  There's no equivalent history of black racism, not even close.  It wouldn't be normal for individual black folks NOT to feel a certain ill will towards white folks.  But that's not the same thing as having black supremacists in power and civil codes laden with anti-white laws and regulations that enforce black supremacy   If you think that there is legal black supremacy in the USA  you're simply expressing your unhappiness over the calling out of white privilege and the nominal advancement of civil rights and racial justice.
Thought of McVeigh's correct name after I submitted my comment. When I hear the word activist, I think of people trying to help people suffering injustice and mistreatments from bigots, the local authorities, and businesses. When I hear the word extremist, I think of right wingers opposing any gun control, trying to limit or take away the rights of minorities, women, non-white immigrants, LGBT, and the disabled, and opposing environmental protection with guns like the Bundy Bunch. I am not giving up any rights but they can be taken away by these groups mentioned above. Federal government? Not so much until now with Trump as the president and Jeff Sessions as the AG and it will be your fault if you support them.
Just one more article promoting white guilt in order to justify the dispossession of whites by the entry of millions of immigrants into Canada and into European countries.
I personally don't use the term "white privilege" or its equivalent "black bourgeois" because they are imprecise and have an insulting edge to them. At the same time, it is, I think, foolish to deny the data which show that people born with certain ethnic, cultural and economic backgrounds are more likely to achieve certain outcomes. Certainly, America today has come far enough toward its ideals of social equity that most of what any individual achieves is due to their individual effort and ability, but it is unrealistic (I think) to think that one's background has nothing to do with it. I was fortunate to be born to parents with certain assets and values, and that contributed to who I am and what I have achieved. What  is the point of questioning this reality or calling it "racist" to recognize it and seek to understand it?
You must be a bit of a Zero when it comes to choosing female companionship. And what does 'white' have to do with it?  Unless you are a Racist? Obviously, but don't worry - you'll get a pass 'cause you're obviously suffering from 'victimitis' syndrome.
Another "van of peace". This is where the joke of right-wing/white/Christian extremism stops being funny. 30,000+ dead since 9/11, but I'm going to guess we aren't going to see the smearing of Islamists in the media as we've seen of "neo-Nazis" the past few days.
Perspective  for the bleeding heart do-gooders of the progressive left  even English speaking native born Canadians including old white males with university degrees can be unemployed   so why is it a surprise if non English speaking Syrian refugees are unemployed  the PRIVATE SPONSORS should be responsible for 5 years and not pass on to taxpayers after one year
So now you're a white supremacist if you want immigration laws enforced. Mexico has very strict immigration laws which they enforce but it's racist to enforce ours.
What a title. I would never have known this was a terrorist act were it not for the Globe. But really isn't it more likely, notwithstanding the confession, that he: 1. suffered from mental illness 2. was concerned about racism and cultural appropriation 3. was the victim of Islamophobia 4. was offended by pork 5. killed because of the Crusades 6. did it for Gaza 7. didn't receive enough welfare from white Swedes 8. found it hard to find a Mosque 9. felt there wasn't enough accommodation for Sharia in Sweden 10. did it because he heard someone in Sweden drew a picture of Mohamed.  In any event, this had nothing to do with Islam. Light a candle, say a prayer, show the Swedish flag on the Eiffel Tower in solidarity. Apologize for Islamophobia. Rinse. Repeat.
Nobody but white people want to discuss the abuses by native men on women. We are told to shut up and are called racist if we ask questions.
This is a very sad situation. The reality is that white people have no small stake in destroying white supremacy: their quality of life, as well as the lives of the friends and family depend on it. Many white people have family members who are not white. This situation must be challenged. It will be challenged. The immaturity of amateurs and neophytes will have to be overcome so it will be overcome. It will require bravery and strength to challenge those who seek to isolate and disempower the anti-racist movement. Some such people might even be agent-provocateurs.
Caldwell's white elephant will fail and not even reach Middle Street or wherever our delusional mayor wants it to go. You can't trust the mayor as he is manipulative and less than truthful. Perhaps the worse mayor in the history of Honolulu.
This is all about Trump and his rich buddies getting expanded "trophy" hunting opportunities. Follow the money,,,trophy guides, NRA, Safari Int, and his cabinet full of gun toting, clay pigeon shoooters, ammo se$uasl and old white guys. Those folks have been upset for years about "public lands" being taken from their annual hunting "bro-fest" to shoot the "biggest" of a species when they are not making millions or billions off the human species.   If you think we need to open more land to hunting, then that's an indictment that current game management is a failure. There are less hunters than ever before and that trend will continue to in the future. Sport hunting is a dying sport.
You know people "used to" think the world is flat-Trump originally said the wrong thing by mentioning "muslims" in his attempt to describe who needed to be banned. When will the media update their story to reflect what the real intent of the ban is? To keep the terrorist from these countries out. Whether their Muslims, Catholics, Protestants, black, white, green, gay, straight, women, men, aunties.......get my drift? The media is the divisive component to where we are now as a society.
"Mr. Singh brings to the NDP qualities it has desperately needed since the debacle of the 2015 election: self-confidence, pride, ambition and a clear sense of social-justice goals based on egalitarian principles."  Sorry, Mulcair displayed these traits in spades, and yet the Dippers knifed him in the back.   For a white man in his 60's, these qualities were viewed as vices.  For a man of colour and a flashy suit in his 30's, they are virtues.  Trudeau has been serving up a steady diet of identity politics and now the NDP feel they can beat him at that game.
Sooner trump is out of office the better. The guy acts like a spoiled brat if he doesn't get his way. He pouts and whines. He is a reality star as president. Might as well have a Kardashian as president. Heck they are better business people then the slumlord Donald Trump who only has money because of his daddy. Another POS. Since Trump elected more and more racial people are coming out and showing their racist side. Not all people from Mexico commit crimes. Actually more crimes in this country are committed by Americans.im sure if you Trump people got your way and got all Hispanic people out of the country that you would then target black people to leave. You trump people just want a white America and its disgusting. America was built off a melting pot of cultures. Its what made us great. Trump and his supporters want a white only America but yall to cowards to say it even though the rest of us knows that what you want
In our society, polluted by insane social theory like Post-mordernism, we encourage white people, in particular, to have a low opinion of their own culture.  When I was 10 years old, the Americans landed on the moon. I was told in Quebec school, that this was the equivalent of the Age of Discovery when our European ancestors conquered the world for Europe.   I was proud to be of European background. I could sing wing with pride "O Canada, Terre de nos Aieux. "  Today our children are being told that all the sins of the world are the result of the "White Patriarchal Class" and that there is no truth except that every epistemological system is built by a group to dominate others, the White being the worse offenders.  So do not be surprised if young white men have enough of being told that what thei culture of their parents  is garbage, and thus join a religion that has NO, I repeat NO, self doubt about its mission to convert the world.   It frees them from permanent alienation.
Are you kidding? 99% of the chronic thieves busted in my place of work are white. The other 1% are Alaska native or mixed. We've seen 2 black persons busted in a year. That doesn't even budge the dial. It's almost always, every time, some strung-out junkie, either on heroin or meth, and invariably white, with sores all over their faces and necks, picking at the scabs on their hands or between their fingers, every place they've been shooting up all abscessed and nasty. 'Minorities' at my work tend to be courteous and polite. Wish that would rub off a bit on some of the 'white folk' who shop there....
The melting pot never existed. It was a fantasy to make white people feel good about themselves. Black people have been here longer than most white families. We have never been allowed to melt in, by law and practice.
Then you should be outraged anyone voted for Trump.  I know I am.  A vote for Trump was a vote to perpetuate hate.  This kind of thing is exactly what is expected after Bannon has spent years prepping the white supremacists from his perch.  Add a white supremacist in Trump and hate is what was to be expected.  It was promised in the campaign and stoked ever since.  Too many of his voters reveled in it and the rest try to ignore it, but they know deep down what the gig was.  Now it's here and few of them want to own it.  Own it they do though.
I'm not the one propagating those boundaries.  There is no biological basis for 'race' with respect to humanity.  You say I am because I describe and denounce those who DO perpetuate those boundaries, and accuse me of being a 'racist' for doing so.  It never ceases to amuse me how those who are least affected by American white supremacist practices are the first to shriek, flail and play the 'reverse race card' when they're protested by those perpetually on the receiving end of them.  And yet you acknowledge, by listing a few of America's past and present atrocities committed in the name of white supremacy, openly or otherwise, that my denunciation of this and the factions that perpetrate it is correct.  But not the 'whole answer'.  I respond as I have from the very beginning--that it's a more accurate description of said answer than merely saying, "Oh well, everyone is a little bit 'racist' and we should stop it and be nice", as you have done.
Warning:  If your comments don't "profile" along with the narrative WaPo/ADN is creating, they'll vanish *poof*.    MSM blackout on 700 murders in gun-free, Democrat -run ChiTown... in lieu of some low IQ white trash backwoods sob story in Alabama...go figure   http://heyjackass.com
Non-white reporting do not exist, because no one want them to exist, especially bunch of crony media.
This is reverse discrimination! If Blacks are proud of their heritage than why cant whites be also just as proud of their heritage without being called a white supremacist? I thought it was supposed to be all for one and one for all! As far as I am concerned unless this practice by Amazon is changed to include all then I will encourage all my family and friends and anyone who will listen to BOYCOTT AMAZON!!! What Amazon is doing is pandering to the PC Left and they will lose a lot of business! My wife and I buy frequently from Amazon but NOT anymore until they come to their senses! Obviously they have absolutely no backbone andif they stab us in the back they will be sorry! WRONG IS WRONG!!!
It's very strange that most 'named' tend to have white Afrikaans lawyers speaking for them! This seems so contrary to their stated beliefs and attitude to Whites and the stated need for more transformation among lawyers in the new er... 'dispensation'.   Why is this?
Distraction from what Rep. Cummings? From the fact that you and other Congressional Black Caucus members haven't done a thing for Black Americans except incite their anger and resentment of white Americans, while every one of you were busily stuffing millions of dollars into your pockets?
Another Commenter for Hire, most people hyped on history that is favored toward them. Blacks will continued to hype slavery and Jim Crow at white people for example. Americans may forever hype Pearl Harbor and World War II conduct of Japanese against the people of Japan. That is regurgitation the past. Endless retyping of past wrongs. I studied history so I understand that the nation that can move forward, are the nations that will avoid the mistakes of the past. Just look at Germany for example after World War I. They totally regurgitated on how they lost that war and refused to learn from it. This hype of what they see as a historical wrong done to them, led to the rise of Hitler and World War II. A lot of people can't simply let go. They regurgitate old wrongs over and over as if it happened yesterday and not 50 years ago or 75 years ago or 150 years ago.  Many Americans still can't let go and that get redundant. "Are we still fighting the Civil War?" is a fine example here.
Foreigners who can study in the US are invariably affluent so an incremental increase in the strength of the dollar probably has much less effect than the rising tide of white nationalism.
You're a piece of work, Art, one who sings the praises of Fort Pillow's war criminal, KKK Grand Wizard, General Nathan Bedford Forrest. He was so despicable that after the 2015 massacre in the Charleston church by a white supremacist, the City Council of Memphis voted to remove his statue AND his  remains from the park named for him in 1905, just as his name had earlier been removed from the park itself. The blacks and their officers were shot down, bayoneted and put to the sword in cold blood. Out of four hundred negro soldiers only about twenty survive! At least three hundred of them were destroyed AFTER the surrender!"  said Rebel General Chalmers. Forrest became a millionaire before the Civil War, selling thousands of human beings in his “Negro Mart.” One ad for Forrest’s business said, “We will pay the highest cash price for all good Negroes offered.” It promised potential buyers “a lot of Virginia Negroes on hand, for sale, in the fall. Negroes bought and sold on commission.”
Why hasn't Willamette Week reported on the fact that the leader of the PSU Students for Trump group is a white supremacist?
THANK YOU Ms Downs for saying what Chief White should have said years ago.
Her Facebook and Twitter accounts where full of hatred against white people, Trump, Capitalism, even cited she was on Iran's side vs US....  How did she get a security clearance?
We "progressives" just want you to think critically that's all... in the same vein the pope encourages dialogue, openness, maturity and the like. If the old forms work for you that's fine, I guess, but trads need to understand we don't live in a static world and that includes religious and cultural norms...doesn't mean you have to compromise your values but liturgies, rules, disciplines, etc., these are all subject to change, growth, maturity, etc. Black and white thinking is dangerous for the very reason you and others demonstrate here on a daily basis. You can't seem to acknowledge the facts of the matter (RCism is changing and evolving before your very eyes) because you are wedded to the rubrics of "tradition" as if it were faith itself. While you are free to believe this way, I denounce it because in my view you have substituted Rome-centered rules/rites/rituals for the ever-changing ethos within which authentic faith is grounded. Old forms don't last forever and RC is not exempt.
"Oh...and Manual High School is around 94% non-white and has one of the largest concentration of Black students in all of the state of Colorado."--That's not what you said, though.  You said that it was a "predominantly black-populated" high school.  They're not even close to predominant there; Hispanic kids are. So now you're shifting the goal posts because you made an inaccurate claim.
She is no doubt an overbearing person who has managed to get control of the student council and is using it to promote her own views and beliefs. It seems quite evident from she has an intense dislike for whites.
So are you talking about the white Jesus or the brown Jesus?
You doth protest too much, dude. I've watched your comments and likes over the past few years. Rarely is an idea prized highly by the alt-right neo-nazis posted on this comment area without getting your your co-sign. Rarely do you ever side on "liberty" unless it's for conservative white guys. If you aren't a Republican, you sure do a good job of being a Republican shill, especially where you can score anti-black, white nationalist points.
Huh.  Well, as a (white) kid growing up in the mid-Willamette valley, I picked plenty of berries and weeded many miles of row crops for minimum wage.  Sure you are not over-generalizing about the "deplorables"?  :-/  Visit a major city in Canada and you can see lots of white people, cleaning hotel rooms.   The employers up there seem plenty capable of attracting those people to those jobs, and I suspect that it can happen here, too.
Thankfully we live in a country where people do what is right and what the Constitutions says, not just what’s popular with the mob. If we followed your logic above, we’d still have whites and blacks drinking from separate water fountains. Protests for social justice aren’t supposed to be comfortable. In fact, just the opposite. And when you write that you are contented only when the players don’t “act up” it shows you don’t treat these people like grown men, and think certain types of people have different rights than you. They don’t.
" fair than equal rights for all and special privileges for none"  Could not agree more but lets face it what are the chances of that happening?  As long as we dont see the humanity in each other we will continue to see the 'other' as less than/less deserving.   On the generalisation minority advocates I would think they want equality of provision.  The assertion that they want equality of outcome paints them as unreasonable and implies wanting something without effort - the typical pushback to equity.  Racialised minorities know, have been told from the time they could walk that they have to be 10x better, work 10x harder than their white counterparts to be even seen as half as good.   From the perspective of the historically privileged class neither equality of outcomes nor equality of provision can be achieved without being perceived discrimination.  If theres only one job and it goes to an 'other' it will be seen as such b/c they likely believe the other wasnt as good at they are.
They are in a position to do this for other black people who are being treated unfairly.   Some of them have experienced it themselves.   It's naive to think that everyone is equal in this country when racism persists.  Following the OJ Simpson verdict in 1995:   “So many white brothers and sisters are living in a state of denial in terms of how deep white supremacy is seated in their culture and society,” the scholar and social critic Cornel West says. “Now we recognize that in a fundamental sense we really do live in different worlds.” In that respect, the reaction to the Simpson verdict has been something of an education. The novelist Ishmael Reed talks of “wealthy white male commentators who live in a world where the police don’t lie, don’t plant evidence—and drug dealers give you unlimited credit.”   So a football player finally makes a statement in his protest.   Good for him.  It's past time.
kenneth, it isnt about homemaking or shop. it is about mens attitude at the time. when that pix was taken, women had virtually no power. in the home, church, government, politics or business. men ruled, were king of their castles, or shacks. many old guys, mostly white, want those days back because they could get away with things society wouldnt tolerate today. gen y and z, are different and much more equal and tolerant than our fathers and grandfathers were and they never heard of life magazine, norman rockwell or ozzie and harriet. thank goodness!
I hate to think how Rebel ('loser'!) Media treats its' FEMALE employees! I hope all females employed at Rebel quit. I'm a white male (in my 40's) Canadian & I think that Christopher Wilson's comments are TOTALY unacceptable & immature! Show some RESPECT Chris! He needs to grow-up & APOLOGISE to McKenna & all of his fellow female employees at Rebel. There are many female, and male, politicians I disagree with but I don't make sexist comments about them! How many people read Rebel anyways...five? Rebel's behaviour is more than unacceptable. He is an embarrassment to CDN Media. GOOD for Ms. McKenna for standing-up to that mindless reporter Wilson! The Gov't should ban him from future press conferences. I'm interested in the ISSUES not 5 year-old behaviour from 'adult' reporters. Keep standing-up to the few jerks in the media Minister McKenna!
Also to their propaganda to frame the positive image of WMC bosses, the white media disregarded all known journalism ethics and standards including the basic requirement of giving those written about a chance to react to the allegations.
Only in Trump's America could a bunch of anti-fascist protesters be considered morally equivalent to a bunch of white supremacists, one of whom has the blood of innocents on his hands.
You joined the party of the Southern Strategy.  On purpose.  You cannot expect anyone who cares about equal rights for POC and ALL Americans to take you seriously when the staple of the GOP is keeping white male heterosexual supremacy in place.  I'm not even going to address the distortions you started off with - much less spend one second in contemplation of support for a man who literally started his campaign with a racist diatribe, and doesn't see the moral difference between vocal racists and those who oppose their agenda.  You need to get your life together, if you can make that mental trip, in the name of 'fiscal responsibility' (of which your party has shown absolutely NONE, except the lip service when a Democrat is in the White House.
I'm not complaining.  I'm rejoicing.   Although I do acknowledge that God may have been an even more qualified white male candidate.
There is no fact to back up the claims that white men only hire white men. All that the critics have is general statistics of population, loosely grouped to match their preexisting hypothesis. It is sad that this type of loose statistical gathering will be the basis of University research moving forward.
Statistically and by percentage of blood, many of the native women are more white then native.
And the 'white supremacist' meter has been pegged in Alabama for 200 years.  So what's your point?  Both are states.
We need the teachers to reflect the ethnicity of the student body. How can immigrants identify and feel respected if they are taught by  predominantly old stock Canadian white teachers ?  There are obviously many non white's graduating with education degrees. Unfortunately they are blocked from contributing to their cultures as teachers by white teachers with seniority.  It  will take a good two decades for the white leadership to phase out of the system.
I think these three words from your post -> "support white supremacy" <- sounds racist at best or bigoted at worst.  Desperation...but that Losing Party desperation drove yesterday's attempted murder event.
I did, and what struck me was precisely " "Probably a Christian, judging from his name", meaning he wasn't talking about actual religious beliefs, but about ethnic origin. Which was compounded by the following "and that Canadian mass murderers are "usually white and Christian". Again, Canadian mass murderers haven't as a rule committed their crimes in the name of their religion, so how is that relevant?  Unless his intent is precisely to use the term not to designate a religious belief, but to create a parallel with the identification of "Muslim" as an ethnic group rather than a religion, so you can accuse critics of "racism".
There, their and they're--they all mean different things Outsider 77. Human Life Matters is devoid of meaning because white Americans were very specific about which people would be excluded from the protections afforded to citizens in the US--African-Americans.  It's disgusting to watch white people attempting to squirm out of responsibility for institutional racism by accusing the BLM movement of racism. What it demonstrates to me is that many white people in the US are still that variety of drooling thugs who would hang any unsuspecting African-American by the neck from a tree if given half a chance.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynching_of_Laura_and_L._D._Nelson#/media/File:Lynching_of_Laura_Nelson_and_her_son_2.jpg http://www.eji.org/lynchinginamerica
If my political beliefs fell in line people who describe themselves as Nazis or White Supremacists, I would seriously have to sit down and reconsider my life choices.  We fought a war against people with that ideology.  Today, the Republican Party would claim the troops that stormed Normandy were the "alt-Left".
"Just because the activity is not immediately perceptible, however, does not mean that the need for action is any less dire."  This quote sums up the paranoid mentality behind this sorry piece of sloppy journalism. Do the three incidents cited in this article (Death in June playing in 2014, a hoax WP concert/ march that never actually happened, and onstage banter referencing Burzum/ Varg Vikernes) honestly constitute a genuine white nationalist movement in the Seattle music community? Obviously, I cannot attest to each individual POC's comfort level at every show that takes place in town. If there is a serious white power political movement within the Seattle music and arts subculture, then why does this article fail to name any local WP bands, or mention at what specific shows/ venues WP literature was present or distributed? I would think that antiracist activists would want this info widespread. The quote above is basically an admission that there is no concrete evidence.
The article states "The group surveyed 3,453 U.S. adults, 902 of which were white Americans. The survey of white Americans has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.7 percentage points"  Were the white Americans surveyed separately from the other 2,551 US adults?  If not, why does the article state "A majority of white Americans believe discrimination against whites exist in the modern-day United States"?  Why does it not state that "a majority of those surveyed believe discrimination against whites exist in the modern-day United States"?  Such biased writing.  Can't even call it journalism.  Just story telling.
The most you will get is some vague wording, and an agreement that governments can favor businesses run by women owner-operators (like Ivanka's). Otherwise, nothing will come from groper-in-chief, who is investigating colleges for discriminating against whites.
Drumpf's approval numbers plumb new depths as his base starts to abandon him.  Only 33% of Americans now approve of his job performance.  And most telling, more white Americans without a college degree now disapprove of his performance than approve, 50% to 43%.  76% agree he is not level-headed versus 26% who think he is.  Voter opinions of most other Trump qualities drop to new lows:  62 - 34 percent that he is not honest;  63 - 34 percent that he does not have good leadership skills;  59 - 39 percent that he does not care about average Americans;  58 - 39 percent that he is a strong person;  55 - 42 percent that he is intelligent;  63 - 34 percent that he does not share their values.  54 - 26 percent that they are embarrassed rather than proud to have Trump as president  57 - 40 percent he is abusing the powers of his office   60 - 36 percent that he believes he is above the law.  https://poll.qu.edu/national/release-detail?ReleaseID=2476  And he's just getting started!  .
Sounds a lot like what was said about Coderre, a white man, in Montreal, and the reason he lost the election...to a woman!
I suspect that, to BFLF, the holocaust was a "white peoples' problem", and therefore irrelevant to their own agenda (whatever the latter may be...).
You're right, BLM planned a riotous rally in Charlottesville, when white supremacists crashed the party.
EASILY, the biggest storyline is the "best golfer not to have won a major" and the inner demons that have haunted Sergio's career. However, this writer succumbs to the "whiteness" angle and shows the latent racism that is always lurking in the background of this "white men's game". Look, I enjoy playing golf regularly as a form of masochistic endeavor but never did like how the game clings to it's "whiteness".
She'd be a perfect fit for the Trudeau cabinet.  Not white male?  Check.   SJW cause to spend taxpayer money on?  Check.
The fact that Sessions doesn't support terrorists openly murdering white women means that we should ignore Trump and Sessions long history of racism?
CleanupEugene, good question about honoring  Eugene's first WHITE people. 1. We sometimes  have a celebration, with dramatization, honoring the birthday of EUGENE  Skinner, considered our first White Eugenean. Check with the Lane Co. Historical Society as to when the next one might be.    Also check the markers identifying Skinner's 1846 home site on Skinner Butte. In fact with your interest in history you might want to join the LCHS.   2. There are several historic signs around the Skinner cabin replica describing the first emigrants from  the Applegate Trail, including Jim Collins, Harrison  Turnidge and Samuel Ruth as the first true Eugeneans, having spent the winter of 1846-47 in Skinner's new cabin.  If you're really interest in honoring them I'd be happy to meet you there. 3. Our celebration of Oregon's birthday Tuesday is the commemoration of an all-white government. 4. We can honor both white and black pioneers  as well as the Kalapuya--there is no limit on mutual respect.
Unless one is a member of Trump's white-nationalist, nativist base, you can always expect him to do the wrong thing.  This colossal mistake will alienate the Latino vote from the Republican Party for generations.
You completely misunderstood what rimrock was saying:  1. NFL players taking a knee are protesting racial injustice;  2. Trump appeals to white resentment that minorities no longer know their place in society, that is, Trump's base resents any challenge to white supremacy.  All quite true.
Indeed, I am of the opinion that there is a concerted effort to associate  Democrats with the antifa (anti-fascists) who believe that physical resistance/violence is necessary to meet the violent challenges of the neoNazi,  white Nationalist, white supremacist movements that have become  enabled by Republicans.  Simply put, Democrats are anti-fascist by definition.  Politically and economically Democrats (being liberals) and Fascists are polar opposites, but the attempts to associate the violent actions of the unorganized random “antifas” is a cheap propaganda move by the right-wing to provide cover for their tacit nod of approval toward the gun toting NeoNazi, white supremacists.
Are you aware that readers of your misogynistic, and thoroughly bigoted posts not only have to hold their nose, they have to hold back their howls of laughter at the comedic image of a cranky white guy defending his racist posts while sniping at others.
"The suspect is described as a white male in his 20s, approximately 5’7” tall, and thin. He was seen wearing a black baseball hat, gray hoodie, and light blue jeans. There is no description of who was driving the getaway car." -ktuu    Is that the diversity you had in mind?
States rights and white supremacy are not mutually exclusive. The state right that was being defended was the right to enslave black people for fun and profit. Today many states want the right to treat certain members of our nation as 2nd class citizens. For example, men can have what ever kind of healthcare they think they need. Their only limitation is whether or not they can afford the health care they want. Women don't have that right in many states. Another  right that is not the same for all Americans is the right to own guns under the 2nd Amendment. Our white domestic terrorists are allowed to walk around in public armed while black people are killed for the mere suspicion of being armed. The United States are not that united. We clearly don't share the same morality from state to state. The truth is all lives don't matter here. They never have. We will never be united until we make all lives matter.
What tells you it was inspired by "radical christian" ideology, whatever that means? Because the perpetrator was white?
He's hiding from White Supremacists.  So, his secretary is on the look out for Trump coming down the hall.
It's not about coming from privilege, having money, not having to work hard or work your way thru college.  I had to do the same. But lots of things are easier if you are white. I have no idea how old you are, but think back to when you were a young man (you're male I guess) in your twenties. Ever get pulled over by the police? How did you feel? Did you have to be sure you acted not just respectfully but maybe really really carefully and respectfully because maybe that cop assumed you were guilty of something?  If you were driving an expensive car, would the police assume you stole it?  Did you ever walk into a store and have security watch you carefully, maybe follow you around to be sure you weren't about to shoplift?  If you were dressed in jeans. sneakers and a hoodie and walking through an up-scale  neighborhood, would people assume you were up to no good?  Do you have a son?  Did you have to explain to him how he has to act if stopped by the police? No? That's white privilege.
Hitler lied with ease too. He took 6 million innocent lives. I'll make whatever comment I wish to make. And tried and failed to create a pure white race, the Ayran Nation.
interesting that the writer used more examples of cases where white extremists does harm than Islamic terrorists - even though examples of Islamic Terrorism is unfortunately unlimited and much more deadly  & geographically spread
"...rebel side in the Civil War, fought over the issue of slavery." While slavery was definitely part of it, the Civil War was NOT fought over slavery, but as most wars tend to be, money and power.  While people like Abraham Lincoln opposed slavery itself, a whole host of the others in the North wanted the war to take full control of the south and its riches.  Meanwhile the South wanted none of that.   Let's get historical facts straight, folks, instead of making sweeping statements like that in our national newspaper.  Having said that, I'm not 100% sure what to think.  The heinous practice of slaver y is at the heart of the black/white divide in the States, I think,  And it doesn't seem to be healing, if anything, it's festering.  Symbols of it can pour fuel on the fire.  Should people - non-black - in the South have the symbols of their war and cultural pride taken down?  Is that fair to them? Is it fair to the black Americans to keep seeing those symbols?
How well Sanders did in spite of enormous disadvantages? He didn't do that well which was why he did not win the primary. Clinton beat Sanders by 359 pledged delegates, and 884 delegates overall (counting superdelegates). Clinton won 16.8 million votes to 13.2 million for Sanders, or about 55 percent of the vote to his 43 percent, a 12 percentage point gap.1 He didn't win Nevada, Texas, Florida, Arizona, Illinois, New York, Virginia, Pennsylvania nor any of the deep south. He won in the Rust-belt states and states that have fewer electoral votes. That Sanders would have won the presidency is wishful thinking. Racism, misogyny and xenophobia were the hot selling items of the 2016 election season for the white people who squeaked out the victory for Trump. And those same cheap but effective methods would have worked just as well against Sanders.  Krugman knows what he's talking about, you don't. http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/was-the-democratic-primary-a-close-call-or-a-landslide/
You're a straight white male, aren't you?
I resent her anti-white comment. Its so trendy today.
Whether the racial aspect was inserted by Mr Anthony, or the Rachel Monahan, whose role here seems to be to stir up racial animosity, is unclear.  I could easily demonstrate that the inequalities are tied more closely with income. That, however, might lead us to feel concern for the poor white kids in addition to poor minorities and Portland groupthink prevents such a thing.   The proponents of School Choice told us it was supposed to resolve these issues. You mean, they were wrong? I'm shocked. I'm sure we'll eventually resolve this by lowering the bar yet again for everyone.
Most Latinos identify as 'white' as do many Asians and Native Americans as many sociological studies show. The choice of those who have European ancestry and ancestry from one of the ethnicities that were racialized in the United States to identify primarily with the racialized ethnicity frequently has to do with the person's experience about how they are perceived in society. The "one drop rule" exemplifies the racist logic that prevails/prevailed in the United States.  Obama has European and African ancestry and I have never seen or heard any indication that he is "ashamed" of his maternal heritage. I call your claim to that effect BS, 4:20. I hear it's common for people of European ancestry to claim they have American Indian ancestry.
“But there is no question that this happened because there is someone who feels completely excluded. Completely at war with innocents. At war with a society. And our approach has to be, where do those tensions come from? “Yes, there’s a need for security and response,” Trudeau added. “But we also need to make sure that as we go forward, that we don’t emphasize a culture of fear and mistrust. Because that ends up marginalizing even further those who already are feeling like they are enemies of society.”  Go on then, call it "deconstructing whiteness", "decolonization" or whatever watered down terminology you want to use for blatant, anti- white racism. It is what it is.
So your racist? Don't like white people?  Yes we need tax reform. The rich don't pay their share. You know what else we need? Welfare reform. When you can make just over 40K a year taking advantage of federal and state assistance programs when your an able bodied adult then the system is broke. We need to make it so you have to do community work service to get a welfare check and pass a drug test. No work and not clean no free money.
And do it in the 50s when public schools for blacks were horrible, so whites can get a leg up.
White America thought - falsely - that it found its Great White Hope in Donald Trump. Trump has turned on his own people for cash. More cash. And taking all of America with ya'll.  Who'da thought.
I'm having a hard time believing that you feel bad because the black population isn't a good bit higher.  Perhaps the reason there are so many black abortions and there are a higher number of "abortion clinics" in black neighborhoods is because many black women are poorer than their white counterparts.  Discrimination will do that to you.
I think its very possible that every culture has and experiences racism on some level.  Whether white or native, or black or Indian.  I believe that to overcome something that on a basic level is a mental disease it takes an entire society.  Its important for people to realize that not just one culture experiences judgments based on their looks, culture or race.  We all do.  I hope that more people teach their children not to be affected by racism but more so that they teach them not to judge others based on race, culture, or looks.    The ideals of "don't judge a book by its cover" should be spread more often.
White women came through for the RAPOPOTUS. They blew him/it.
I have 2 boys ages 7 and 11. I thought about home schooling and religious private schools-but decided to keep them in the public system. I ask weekly if they are being talked to about "gender" or "white privilege". What better way to teach critical thinking skills, logic, and rhetoric than to teach the other side of these debates in the home!
With all due respect, I disagree. While there is certainly violence from the left, the White Supremacists are a deadly bunch. I moved to Missouri from Denver in the late 70's. While there, two State troopers were murdered by those of the same belief as those in VA. There base was out of northern AR. These people should be required to get a DNA test for genetics, they would most likely be surprised that they aren't true Aryans. While I do agree that there are certainly violent leftists, these followers of David Duke make the previous mentioned rather calm. I do remember a restaurant on East Colfax, where my dad went for coffee before work. There was a guy that was always there handing out white supremacist material. I am almost certain his name was David Lane (not the lawyer). He was the driver in the murder of Alan Berg. While violent, they are an extreme minority. As they should be.
When all hell breaks loose is Lucifer going to let you out to join the next white supremacist rally on hate? /s off :)
You're missing one group:  Fed Up Democrats.  A number of people out here are people who have been staunch Dems most of their lives but couldn't follow the latest Dem program for either ethical or religious reasons, or for simple common sense.  This includes most pro-life Dems, who have been banished from the party, and people who are sick of political correctness.  This includes most men who are not rapists and white people who are not racist.
I bet there are some alternative facts available for those who don't like the looks of that distribution of death. Like the Faux News that the Portland white-supremacist who stabbed and killed the good samaritans was a Sanders supporter.
I said, Loud and Clear, President Trump is doing as he has ALWAYS done-given huge amounts of his personal income to causes he believes in. Now he is donating his presidential salary. He is a Great Example on how to make positive changes. As for the rest you list-I have no clue. (Are they protesting to make changes by kneeling instead of funding and aiding those they care about?)  And yet once again, you cannot stop yourself from bringing up Race. ("about a white business man")  ***What is WRONG with you?  . Remember this I wrote? "If you are going to play the race card victim game, count me out." And I asked if I had made myself clear? OBVIOUSLY I had not.  Get Gone Racist.  Can't get much clearer than that can I?
"diversity" Diversity in the Denver metro area is that the Latinos live in Aurora and along Federal Blvd while whites live everywhere else. In the rural areas they live next door to one another.
And what are "white" people taking "pride" in other than their skin colour? Doesn't that seem a little on the shallow side to a deep thinker like you? The other two groups you mention take "pride" as a response to centuries of discrimination. Please do enlighten us on this.
Just another Klan member to join the rest of the White Supremacist Fascist Nazis soon to be in full control of the former United States of America replaced by Amerika.
"This will never hold up on a Charter challenge"  Hopefully the application of the Charter is not as biased as the document itself (particularly against straight white men who will likely be the main target of these 'reviews').  I wouldn't hold my breath considering the political climate where judges who make off-handed "misogynist" comments are taken off the bench while those who make off-handed "misandrist" comments are lauded for the "progressive opinions".
It's time to step up folks. If you still believe in this disgusting excuse of a human being after he sides with white supremacists, then you are as guilty as he is of racism and the lack of care and compassion for our country. It's a sickening situation and there will be consequence for this POS's actions. If anyone still supports these actions, then I truly feel sorry for you and your family, and anyone that considers you a friend.
If you wish to watch an interesting true documentary about real people filmed every 7 years, check out the UP series produced in Great Britain by Granada Television.  The Black and White filming started 1964.  Then the second instalment in 1971.  1978. 1985.. etc.. Some children went to the poorhouse. Some children got rich. Some children died.  That documentary is real life.  This T2 garbage is .. not.
I've read your column and I think equity IS a buzzword.  Otherwise, why did it take United Way so long to come to the conclusion "equity" is a good organizational value to adopt?  I mean, these issues have been raised over the last several years...where were you five years ago?  This was all going on during Saint Obama's regime...why wasn't it important then?   Beyond that, racial identity politics is a dead end road, filled with giant potholes.  Your claim your children have a privilege simply because they were born white is nothing but virtue signalling, pure and simple.  It belies the experience of hundreds of thousands of white people who live at or near the poverty line (heck, some, such as STO, claim to live 200% BELOW the poverty line which is physically impossible but shows how desperate some are to max out their victimhood).  Where is their privilege?  I'm sure your children will live a comfortable life.  The idea it's due to anything but their own efforts (and yours) is wrong
Diversity means everyone MUST think alike about the agenda of 'diversity'  Freedom now from this enforced, coercive, parasitic, anti-White, genocidal diversity.  Hey Mom!!!:  This could be YOU!! With a little more virtue signalling, CBC viewing, and PC talk, the dream could be yours.  Wake up: your silence is a moral abnegation of responsibility to the past and future.  http://www.informationliberation.com/files/wynne-forced-into-corner-mosque2.jpg
' Republican White Supremacists in North Carolina Legislature Subverting Democracy.  More treasonous and fascist acts by Republicans.  .
White males grew up thinking the POTUS would always be a white male.  Obama and now Hillary are proving them wrong.  They aren't happy about it.
Want to bet? I know that people like you who are white and would not like it at all if you went to a restaurant like a black owned bar b que  and you would not be served because you are white. Or if you had to sit in the back of the bus or like some blacks in the 1950's were not allowed to swim at public pools. You have never been treated this way in your entire life so don't pretend you "get" it.
benn: Not true.  The violent leftists are all-too-frequently, and much more frequently than the white supremacists, out and about doing their thing - rioting and committing acts of violence against anyone that does not agree with them,
I have no issue with Muslim Canadians practicing their faith.    What I think would help with the Muslim experience within Canada, is for them to strongly denounce any violence perpetrated by extremists within their community.   It seems they go completely silent during those times, which sends a message that you may actually support it.     I'm a white, Irish decent, United Church Canadian.   If someone from my community seriously victimized someone because of their faith or non violent beliefs, I would denounce that act at every opportunity.   That's how you build trust in a multi cultural country.     Silence isn't golden.
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan, Is it really white America's fault that illegitimacy in the African-American community has hit 70 percent and the black dropout rate from high schools in some cities has reached 50 percent? Is that the fault of white America or, first and foremost, a failure of the black community itself? As for racism, its ugliest manifestation is in interracial crime, and especially interracial crimes of violence. Aware that while white criminals choose black victims 3 percent of the time, black criminals choose white victims 45 percent of the time?
Thank you for the comment, Paul.  My grandmother's family owned slaves, and it apparently made an impression on her.  When she married she convinced her new husband to move west.  Her children were taught to oppose racial bigotry, often backed up their opinion with fists.  Four of her sons helped liberate the Hitler death camps, and they came home with many stories.   I learned anti-discrimination from those who'd seen it in all its horror, grew up with the stories.  I examine my own attitudes daily, for any hint, and yes, have found some; even patronage can be bigotry.  I try always to treat all others fairly. But that's irrelevant, because it's not up to me, good heart or otherwise, to give those equal rights to others.  It is not up to those neo-Nazis, KKK, White Nationalists, Skinheads, etc. either..   Our Constitution gives equal rights to all citizens, and an attack on our Constitution should have us all very, very frightened.
'Not white' seriously? Have you met many puerto ricans or hispanics in general? They come from all walks of life and many would bristle at your inane comment.
"He did some cruel things, but don't we all." Of course the world is grey, not black or white, so I do not mind someone finding some good things in the life of a person, be it Fidel Castro. But having said that I would like also to advocate a return to the social doctrine of the Church, and what it tells us regarding socialism and capitalism. Both socialism and capitalism have their good points, but that makes neither one nor the other acceptable. That is the position I feel the most for. (I go to Pope Francis, St. John Paul II, Dorothy Day, Jacques Maritain, G.K. Chesterton.  We should avoid ideology and sentimentality. The problem with socialism is greater than merely incidental cruelties; the problem with capitalism is more than its moments of bad taste.  There must be discernment of spirits.
I agree with you that all lives matter.   It fits me spiritually, it fits me socially.   I can not speak for others.   If you expect 100% agreement you will be disappointed.   There are white, black, and any other color, size and shape people, that see enemies in their brothers and sisters and certainly care very little for their welfare.  I don't think that happens until humans find agape* and that's not going to be anytime soon.   Taking your question seriously, you would have to add all people earth wide, (and for some of us it might be finding a connection with all living things).  I don't see how law or politics will every reach the goal that all lives matter.   Those institutions can help, they can provide a legal framework, but they can not change or heal hearts. *Christian love, especially as distinct from erotic love or emotional affection.   (Knowing other religions and philosophies seek the same compasion/empathy for all living things, I prefer 'universal' love).
I agree that we have a ways to go on black issues. I also don't think a good way to do that is to say that whites are so bound up in privilege they can't see past their own skin.  You don't need to put someone down to convince them of the seriousness of these issues.  I just didn't like how people are dismissing white people as incapable of understanding and compassion.  If you want a good ally -- and you already have one -- beginning to insult people is not good.  I just wish we would talk about the issues and not have to find people to disparage.  The real work is to change policies, which requires petitioning government officials, maybe getting some initiative petitions, monitoring events and showing up en masse when wrong is done, and things. I don't know what to say in response to all the attacking words.  I did say I didn't want to get into a "who got hurt the most" situation, but how we can come together, indicating I'm on the side of people who suffer racism, including whites.
No, the sausage roll is not oppressing anyone. The name, the concept, the ignorance of the fact that colonialism's victims are all around us (if you're white), and colonialism continues in many other forms today. Name a country that was not colonized? Ok, but we can name entire continents that WERE colonized, and you can see today they are still struggling to thrive after having been plundered of wealth and resources, and many of the people culturally and psychologically damaged by white supremacy. Some of us care enough to want it to stop. Others want to make jokes about sausage.
Either way they broke the law. If it was a white man, they would give him a citation, impound his boat or plane, & be behind bars. The law is the law corvette, obey the laws or pay for the wrong doing.
It's your buds over at Stormfront, "Lars." Join Date: Oct 2013 Location: Germany Posts: 3,616 "Freedom lover" Portland: Two stabbed to death on train while protecting Muslims I like it. Two incidents in one day reported here on SF of people reacting to the encroaching menace of islam'. First, the guy who tore up the koran, and now this warrior who defended American cultural norms. Are we seeing the beginning of an uprising against the plague of islam, an uprising which will spread like wildfire into white lands in Europe? Hell, I hope so. Remember, it isn't always the German's who have to take the lead in pro white matters. I hope this time the first dawn of resistance emanates from the world's superpower, the USA  And: RONA Renegade posted: Forum Member Video of Jeremy Christian righteously pxxxxd off White American at a Free Speech rally.  Christian was described on Stormfront as having "defended himself" from his "three attackers."
Actually, they'll remember 2016 as the year the Republican Party came apart: its majority (but still very much a minority nationally) to become the White People's Party, its minority to become something like the British Liberals or, perhaps, American Whigs in the last century, a well-meaning fragment that lasts a decade or two and then vanishes.
token hispanic perez.  i seriously wonder if he realizes that if he was white he would NEVER have been picked to lead the DNC.  he's being used to pander to the "immigrant" crowd that they perceive that Trump has alienated.  News flash, a lot of LEGAL hispanic immigrants are pissed off about illegal immigration.  but perez isn't allowed to talk to them or try to persuade them to vote dem, or else he would be a traitor if he told them they were justified in being pissed off.  In dem-land those aren't the REAL hispanics, it's all about the illegals
Bannon came to the Trump campaign from Breitbart, which is the de facto public relations arm of the so-called 'alt right.'  Bannon has a history of white supremacy, anti-Semitism, and anti-government rhetoric and activity.  He's been seldom seen or heard from since he joined the campaign, but he serves as the guarantor to Trump's racist base that Trump is fully committed to the racism, xenophobia, misogyny, and generalized hate that have motivated and driven his campaign for president.  As you suggested above, even if he loses, Trump's campaign has already done great damage to our country and to our relationships with the rest of the world.
Whitekeys is great.  What liberals say about conservatives is so unbelievable as to be funny.  By the way, isn't the name "White"keys racist by liberal standards, especially where "blackkeys" is also equally available?
I think you're saying the being born rich is probably more of a factor for Trump than being born white?  I agree with all whites intentionally discriminate against blacks, but we do so unconsciously, or, we accept our privilege as 'normal' while  being unaware/ignorant of the bias against those born with black skin in modern America.  I've gotten to know you through your writing Dejain, I have every reason to believe you have a good heart and would not try to discriminate against a black person in any way.     But maybe like Me, it is not fully possible to understand what it means to be black on a daily basis?  *Have you ever taken a test on personal bias?  I did one for work, using work environment examples, and I have a to say I had several bias's exposed by the exam.
Yes. Most roll their eyes. A few are more expressive - and describe it as nonsense. Remember: white privilege theory seems to explain some phenomenon until you think about the highly successful Chinese and Indian populations who proliferate in IT.
Actually Richard, your stats are incorrect, the number is 66% (not a huge deal, but my stats come from the last census).  Point of note, black fathers make up about 30% of the father led single parent homes.  White fathers make up around 14% and Hispanic fathers around 20%.  Also, of fathers who do not reside in the home with their children 67% of black fathers visit their children at least once a month, 59% of white fathers and 32% of Hispanic fathers (Pew Research Center and CDC stats).  This means black fathers who don’t live with their children are more likely than any other father to be active in their children’s lives.  The 72% headline from the media only tells part of the story.
Right?! Can you believe these people? Wanting to not be murdered in the street by police or have the N-word spray painted on their home in 2017?   Geez! It is almost like the whole world doesn't revolve around white men and other Americans want equal rights too!
Mr Spector, you would do well to read Hitchens's Letters to a young contrarian and Noam Chomsky manufacturing consent.   I am not say the narrative that you are supporting is necessarily wrong. My point is more nuanced. Its that you never bothered to question the developing narrative. The pertinent questions would be, why is it necessary to remove this statue? Were the crowd entirely white supremacist? Can the argument be made that the removal of the statue is a form of cultural cleansing? Have the South no right to a heritage? Who gets to decide what is a legitimate heritage?   Was this maybe a conspiracy by a democratic party organisation to provoke the   Its not that these questions will necessarily prove anything, its just that you never bothered to ask them for yourself.  Your piece of writing is a generic version of about 10+ versions carried by the likes of AP, NBC, that I read this weekend and I am presuming you did too?
Just take a gander at the diversity on that stage! No wonder they think the world is ending when the rest of us not only have opinions but actually express and articulate them?? I'm very suspicious of the whole narrative of a ultra-polarized political climate of the electorate. Though I guess it makes sense that ideas of those other than the relatively wealthy white guy elite consensus might seem like they're coming from outer space.
Inter- racial marriage is totally different from same sex marriage.... Tokyo Sexwale, Matthew Phosa, even Mmusi Maimane are or were married to white females...plenty others too. None were married to males, of any colour.  So what is your point other than your objecting to every view of people who may not agree with your views .  For the record I have no issue with inter racial marriage.
If the "we only hire our own kind here" attitude that you, like others, have observed in many Vancouver workplaces....  ... if that attitude was white folks against non-white folks there, the Globe and Mail would have a special main-page section on the barbaric atrocity being committed, with a dozen in depth articles and graphs.  Ah, but the sort of bigotry you describe, it does not fit the wanted narrative of this paper, so instead it is "move along, move along, nothing to see here folks"....
"I am honored to have been asked to offer a reading from Scripture at the upcoming presidential inauguration, and look forward to asking almighty God to inspire and guide our new president and to continue to bless our great nation," Dolan said in an email to Catholic News Service.  Well, what can one say?  This is a payoff to Dolan for helping to get the white Catholic vote to turn out for Trump.  The p***y-grabber-in-chief knows how to reward his friends.
My husband went into a doctor's office the other day. A man from India was on one of the two bench seats with his little girl lying over enough space for two people. The man got the little girl to move and my husband sat down. Because he is a big man he sat as far over as he could so there would still be room for the little girl if she wanted to sit. The man, and a white woman, falsely decided his sitting as far over as possible must be because he was prejudiced and decided to make an issue of it. They picked the wrong man as my husband will not back down in the face of idiots. During this the woman also said something to the effect of "you probably own guns and kill animals too!" and "You better be quiet before the rest of us [there were two other people there] chime in too!" That's an extremely condensed version of events but you get the idea.  Racial sensitivity has gone way too far and so have the SJW's, who need to be reigned in.
my completely unscientific study of the few times I read comments on the Globe show that prejudicial, angry, and racist posts gain the most likes.   Which is fine, to each their own.  And comments on a silly comment section do not indicate anything except perhaps those angry people some of whom feel that their are attacks on being white gravitate to express their fear and anger.  Those white folks who have never experienced prejudice but the opposite. Dont bother with these silly things.  Which is good advice.  goodbye and all the best to every one, regard;ess of opinion.
He may attract support from racial minorities and ethnic groups in Canada, as they try to make their mark of Canada's political institutions.  Playing the race card is still a clever trick. Can he do that without alienating white voters?
I am one of those white middle class people.  If Trump does nothing more than repeal the failed Obamacare mandate, Ill be fine.  Thanks for your concern though bro. LOL at your concern for the "uneducated white males".  They are not "vulnerable".  You are thinking of your average pajama boy liberal with a degree in sociology and 60K debt working a 15/hour desk job & living in his parents' basement.  The "uneducated white males" probably bear most of the tax burden for these failed socialist programs that you liberals love so much.  So they too will be fine.  Peace.
If anyone has any doubt about the  racist nature of the 'alt-right', read this interview of Richard Spencer, their leader.  (https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/lets-party-like-its-1933-inside-the-disturbing-alt-right-world-of-richard-spencer/2016/11/22/cf81dc74-aff7-11e6-840f-e3ebab6bcdd3_story.html?utm_term=.12c62f020b6d) When asked how a white only country can be achieved without overwhelming violence when there are over 100 million non-white in this country.  His answer is; '“Look, maybe it will be horribly bloody and terrible.  That’s a possibility with everything.” Need to say no more.  Let call a racist a racist, don't let them hide behind a seemingly innocuous name and fool people with this 'newspeak'.
J.O.: Actually it would be easier to play the "race card" in this case had the young lady involved been white.  In fact, she was AfricanAmerican.  Your "uppity colored people are not allowed to touch Lilly white Oregon women, " is a nice little rant, but it is irrelevant to the issue being discussed.  I would never deny that there are vestages of racism "alive and well" in Oregon.  However, IMO, this case is not an example of that problem.  Gary Crum
Ex chief Whitman was moved to SWAT January of 2012.  source:  http://denver.cbslocal.com/2012/01/04/former-chief-whitman-sent-to-swat-unit/  He didn't retire in 2010 as originally printed - where's your source that he retired after getting moved to SWAT in 2012?        What power does the PPA have?   Don't be naive.   I could source you a ton of stories here and nationwide on officers fired for excessive violence against the public, who eventually got their jobs back with retroactive pay, all with legal help from their unions/ PPA.  You DO remember why White was hired, right?   All the lawsuits for police brutality that when paid came out of YOUR and my pocket.  And lastly, this thing stinks on BOTH sides.  I don't have "the dirt" inside the department, and neither do you.   But I'm willing to bet there's plenty to go around, and it needs to be looked into.   Let the chips   (White/or PPA / or any of Whitman's remaining cronies who want the current chief to fail)   fall where they may.
historically, the west has been white so it is not surprising that the role models are white.
It's my understanding the ACLU does not set hair appointments for people. But I'm white as well and might be mistaken.
I don't quite agree those were the issues, unless you mean to imply that white Catholics are more pro life anti gay marriage uber Catholics than Latino Catholics who went Clinton by a very large margin.
Maybe he should have just brought his passport instead of trying to be clever as a more than likely very white looking person of Native status. Biometrics are the new normal btw.
Might be that that line is the only line that too many white people seem to think that Dr. King ever uttered. You do realize that he also said our government is the greatest purveyor of violence in the world and that justice required more than flinging a coin to a beggar but to question the edifice that produced the beggar in the first place among many other things...those are the lines that really made him a hero.
As to Bannon's thesis about money, it's true that the church isn't getting rich from illegal immigrants in her pews (although these people likely do contribute offerings per their means, and if we're talking about 5 million of them, that's not an inconsiderable source of revenue).  But it's clear that the bishops aren't thinking of just this generation, but of the generations to come.   What other demographic holds hope for the Church's continued power in numbers?    Looking 50 years on, it's clearly not white America.   The Church has always been about thinking and planning for many generation in the future, and it sees the future in the demographic that is still strongly Catholic and has a high birthrate.   That would be Latinos.  Instead of clutching their rosaries in mock outrage, the bishops should be be honest and admit Bannon is at least partially right.   But no, that's not how politics is played.
And if we're going to talk about the history of black slavery, its interesting to note that it was white men, hauled out of pubs and off the streets of Britain, to be pressed into service -as slaves-in the Royal Navy, some of whom pulled the duty of patrolling the African coast in an effort to combat the slave trade. But then, its 2017 in Canada and with the state of immigration, if you find yourself talking to a person of African descent, theres as good a chance that you're talking to someone whose ancestors were involved in capturing and selling slaves as someone whose ancestors were sold as slaves. I wonder what penalty the social justice types would like to see imposed for stating those basic facts.
I'm shocked. Good for this kid!! How RARE someone step up to the plate and publicly admit his error!! He accepted his role, apologized and turned himself in.   Sounds like a horrible accident among friends that changed everyone's life in a matter of seconds. But then I have to wonder ... why did they have the gun in the first place?? Didn't previous article say the gun was maybe stolen? I commend Walker-Webster for accepting responsibility. He was also smart to post his video confession. I'm glad he stayed with his friend so he didn't die alone.   However, I'm concerned with what he planned on doing with the gun before he accidentally killed his buddy. Stealing a gun, or riding around with a gun late at night with friends "hanging out" is a recipe for disaster. Sadly this is a forever mistake that can't be undone.    That being said, this is a "black on black crime" - so he'll probably do more time than if this was a "white on white crime". And that won't be right either.
We should now also rename Toronto's Jack Layton Ferry Docks. He too was racist. He was a white man who used Asian women for his sexual appetites. He was found in a brothel with an Asian woman, even though he was married to Olivia Chow. It is no different from what white Catholic priests did to Indigenous people at residential schools. Jack Layton doesn't deserve memorials, despite him being beatified by trade unions and the left. Of course, they will be outraged if Jack Layton's reputation is sullied in any way, but they have no such qualms about inflicting the same indecency on the memories of other perfectly fine people.
Be very, very careful of thinking the ANC will accept defeat at the ballot box. They will point a finger at the whites and call up the war vets who have already been  in evidence The rest is Zimbabwean history, and a tragedy in the making.
Oh the white guilt!
Extensive info on the 'Patriot Prayer' group and it's Leader Gibson, but Nothing on the 4 counter-demonstrator groups. Huh...4 against One. That was sure a fair and balanced decision by the SF elites, who see nothing wrong with supporting Antifa and it's ilk.  Pelosi assures us that the Patriot Prayer group are racist White Supremists....although Everything says "No', not true.":  "Gibson, (has) said he denounced racism and wouldn’t allow any extremists into his event."  "Indeed, the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, does not list Patriot Prayer as such, nor is Gibson considered an extremist by the advocacy center. In fact, the center ­reported that at the most recent Patriot Prayer event, Gibson shouted expletives denouncing neo-Nazis and white supremacists."  "Gibson counts the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. as one of his political heroes and on Facebook he preaches that “hatred is a disease.”  The Truth has never deterred the Hate of the Left.
Dejain, what you say is not true.  Knowing many republicans, none that I know espouse racist ideas.  Do you personally know any republicans?  Are the republicans you know racist in the sense of advocating less than full partnership between blacks and whites?    Let your personal experience guide you rather than the blather from the biased media.  Racism does not equate to differences in ideas.  Folks may have reasons for wanting preserve statues associated with our history for their own reasons having nothing to do with racism.  Hard to accept?  Well, yeah, respecting the perspectives of other people is always hard.  Insisting that one's own group is right and its views must prevail is the core of racist thinking.  (Do not confuse immigrating issues with racism and focus on relationships between American citizens.)
Agreed.   I don't believe that either of my now-young-adult, white children has experienced any "privilege" whatsoever relative to their many non-white friends and neighbours.    In their environment, it's unusual and considered distasteful to pay attention to anyone's race or ethnicity, unless there's some particular reason for doing so (for example, to acknowledge a classmate's first nation heritage).  I think this kind of lecture would be counterproductive and, here in Vancouver, at least, would only serve to draw unnecessary attention to culturally constructed distinctions that aren't important in youth culture nowadays.  Maybe it's different in Toronto.
I predict that if Hillary Clinton is in fact the first woman to sit as President in the White House, history will show that it was Bernie Sanders who electrified enough of us on the Progressive left to decide to actually vote for what threatens to be a third term for the very deceptive Bill Clinton.  I very much don't want him to drive the bottom 25% of Americans, economically speaking, to even greater depths all the while championing having companies move to China and also destroying even more of the social network that keeps people from having to sleep under bridges. I also predict a huge cross vote as many white low income traditionally unionized males voting for Trump, though I bet few will admit it. To have Bill back in the White House is really, really, not an appetizing thing. Hugh Massengill, Eugene
"You think only a true sociopath could do something like this? That Paddock must have been crazy, mentally unstable, a nut, regardless of any medical diagnosis? You think no “normal” person could ever do something like this?  "You are wrong. The mental illness argument is convenient lie, a myth foisted by the NRA and beloved by hardcore gun nuts everywhere.  "Fact is, “normal” people commit vicious atrocities every single day, to the tune of tens of thousands of gun attacks in America every year: murders, suicides, spousal killing, mass shootings, revenge attacks, dead children. There has been, on average, a mass shooting nearly every day in America since the Sandy Hook massacre in December of 2012, totaling nearly 1,400, and counting. And the vast majority of such shootings are at the hand of – you guessed it – white American males. "  ---Mark Morford in SFGate.com
What does being white have to do with being an a-hole?  I've seen PLENTY of them who are non-white!
Actually it's the so-called white supremacists they were worried would demonstrate at the location they were planning to distribute the cheques.
Fascism is the politics of identity: either you are part of the favoured group or you are not. We usually think of Aryan white supremacist but they hardly exist any more. It is the left wing, hyper aggressive politically correct mob who are now the Brown Shirts who use violence to make their point and to  enforce their views on others.
So do you think lily white people are going to get pulled over and asked for their papers?  I don't.
Sustain the President and You Protect the White Man
Paul45: At least Wente acknowledges the problem where she states that "[e]ven racial minorities tend to score badly on the test." Academics who study human behavior have long noted the tendency of human beings to treat other members of their own groups preferentially, to the extent that people of all races tend to visually recognize individuals of their own racial backgrounds far more readily and easily than they do others. This is very likely an evolutionary trait. A good friend of mine, who is Chinese-Canadian, has told me that in China ethno-racial nationalism is the norm and that few people question notions of racial difference. The criticism of Caucasian Europeans generally focuses on what's sometimes called "white privilege," which is primarily an ideological concept. Perhaps it's a product of white guilt, but I suspect there are few places in the world that are as open to diversity and immigration as are the mainly white Western immigrant receiving countries.
Outsider:  Here's the definition of "white pride" from Wikepedia:  I don't think you're going to like it real well.  "White pride is a motto primarily used by white separatist, white nationalist, neo-Nazi and white supremacist organizations in order to signal racist or racialist viewpoints.[3][4] It is also a slogan used by the prominent post-Ku Klux Klan group Stormfront and a term used to make racist/racialist viewpoints more palatable to the general public who may associate historical abuses with the terms "white nationalist", "neo-Nazi", and "white supremacist"." I'm interested in reading how you will disregard this definition..   regards, Gary Crum
The Constitution gave states w/large slave populations electoral parity with more populous northern states.    This was the infamous 3/5's compromise, by which each slave was counted that way for purposes of determining Congressional representation and electoral votes At least two southern states had slaves that made up more than half of their population, Mississippi and South Carolina.  The irony today is that the electoral college still gives electoral parity to underpopulated and politically retrograde states , states still dominated by the politics of white racial disaffection
Oh, poor, poor Tom. Still doesn't get it. There are Metis who had to hide when everything Indigenous was made illegal or driven into the ground for 'assimilation' purposes. Many people can identify as Metis, but they can't claim anything unless they can show their relations to the original Metis peoples directly. There is a distinct Metis culture and it is not based on being half white.  There are generations of Metis whose only contact with white people came from a grandfather in the 1700s or 1800s.  This guy is so overwrought with concern that someone else is going to get something he feels they shouldn't, despite his already benefiting from more than any Indigenous person in general. Typical self-serving settler.
The "facts"?  I would remind you that historically, white supremacy has venerated the idea of objectivity, and wielded a dichotomy of 'subjectivity vs. objectivity' as a means of silencing oppressed peoples. The idea that there is a single truth--'the Truth'--is a construct of the Euro-West that is deeply rooted in the Enlightenment, which was a movement that also described Black and Brown people as both subhuman and impervious to pain. This construction is a myth and white supremacy, imperialism, colonization, capitalism, and the United States of America are all of its progeny. The idea that the truth is an entity for which we must search, in matters that endanger our abilities to exist in open spaces, is an attempt to silence oppressed peoples.
The modern Democrats hate folks like me.  Elderly, white male veteran.  That's enough for me to realize that they would prefer to take folks like me and put us on a train to a "resettlement center".
If so , then that can benefit ALL biological males with issues. Transitioning, Gay, or straight. Or do you think it's only a Straight white male concern?
Finally!... someone who is capable of evaluating and speaking on behalf of troglodyte, insensitive white men!  Oh, if only we could but truly appreciate the insight, the wisdom, the depth, the advanced thinking of progressives such as those at the Washington Post- and whose questionable surveys, evaluations and ruminations always seem to lead to remarkably "correct" conclusions. If only every company could have a "a global diversity and inclusiveness officer".  ... and mind you, I don't want to read a single word about terminally confused blowhards imparting these pearls of precious liberal thought here... : )
I'm not the only product of mixed-race marriage that's gotten a weirdly cold shoulder from that bunch for asking the barest questions about the church, and further they speak at length about complimentarianism, which admittedly might not be meant to be racially creepy, but...you don't get WHERE ARE YOU FROM, NO NO WHERE ARE YOU *FROM*-ed by people who aren't gargantuan racists, and my one experience with them was a long rambling sermon about, you got it, complimentarianism. The defense may well be that they let a mixed-race couple or two in, but with all due respect, I've been "tolerated" by churches as many things as long as I bit my lip and kept tithing. You're free to draw whatever conclusion you want but hate-based church like Imago Dei + complimentarianism with the words "God's plan" + white dudes getting weird about mixed people == I stand by my words.  You know, before we get to the other two things. Which are also disgusting and part of their hate theology. Just sayin'.
James, ...your white supremacist slip is showing again.
The only person of color in that picture looks like an Alaskan Native! Otherwise it is a sea of white. How many interns does a guy need? All those people work for free? Who pays for rent and food?
I prefer the term "European" or "Euro", as in Euro-American.    "White" is a term of privilege from the colonial/slavery era. It may not be offensive to those of European ancestry,  but has been used for centuries to convey superiority to everyone else.  In a very real sense,  for centuries "white" = "better".  African American, Asian American, Mexican American (redundant?), American of Japanese Ancestry, Native American... and then White??  The proper term is European American. It accurately conveys Ancestry (from the continent of Europe), and doesn't make misleading implications about superiority, purity or skin tone (many 'whites' have darker skin than many Asians).   Most importantly, it breaks from the 300 years of racist white supremacy in the US and around the world - in which institutionalized privilege was codified using the term "white".  "European American" does not equal "better", it equals "equal".
I can't speak for everyone, but what is important to me is that people understand that America has the right to secure borders and sovereignty.  America has the right to set the parameters on who can and come into the country. If I saw an illegal immigrant--I would not turn the person into ICE.  At the same time I would not protest the person's arrest if I saw them getting arrested. The law is the law.   I do wonder however---whether people would be so in favor of immigrants "rights" if the illegal immigrants were largely white and tended to support Republicans. I wonder if the bishops would be speaking out so loudly in favor of immigration rights if the immigrants were largely Protestants and Republican leaning.
If what you said happened, it could be deliberate fake news to discredit Iran. The original story will circulate on social media (under the correct report that "white house spokesperson said ..."), while the correction will not appear.
"Meanwhile, the real America and Catholics love this president."  So only whites are "real Americans"?
Glad to see some white elected officials step up and do the job the President should be doing right now..!!! With such a racial demagogue in the White House, I am surprised the bloodshed took this long...
Trump, addressing religious leaders in a signing ceremony at the White House, said: “We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied or silenced any more”.  I assume this includes Muslims, Jews, Hindus, Jains, Sikhs, Daoists, Catholics and any other religious belief system as it rightly should although it is more likely that he is pandering to the Christian right and his idea of targeting, bullying or silencing is likely far from the ideal that all faiths should be free to practice their beliefs without persecution.    The line between church and state should be clearly drawn to ensure that religionists of any stripe cannot impose their personal beliefs on others and it is certainly troubling that he intends to allow them to participate in political activity.
If a white non-christian goes into a church and shoots the parishioners,what do we call him ? Chances are this would be referred to as a hate crime as it was an attack against a religion, and the shooter would simply be labelled as mentally unstable. A person goes into a mosque and shoots Muslims, and our politicians label this as a terrorist act. Why?
In 30 years the Inquiry itself will be cause for  a legal action  by natives against Ottawa and white people for the all this weeping now. Oh how they suffer.
You can call this terrorism or not. Doesn't matter. The greatest threat to our domestic security is white men with assault weapons. I have yet to hear any reason why the general public should have access to weapons and equipment solely designed to kill as many people as quickly as possible.
Leonidas, I am curious of your racial and gender identity? I think without a lot of exploration of the privileges we have as white people, it is easy to make  a statement such as yours regarding not being able to take care of all the people in the world, so (I assume you are asking) what's the point? This is a comfortable sentiment when you or your family have nothing at risk. That leads me to white privilege.., There is a whole theory of thought regarding white privilege which you might be interested in reading. A good place to start is an article by Peggy McIntosh "White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible knapsack."
“Virginia Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, both Democrats, along with Republican Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado and Johnny Isakson of Georgia” are going to introduce a joint resolution in the Senate today that will honor Charlottesville victims Heather Heyer and Virginia State Police officers Jay Cullen and Berke Bates, and it states that white supremacy and neo-Nazism are “hateful expressions of intolerance that are contradictory to the values that define the people of the United States” and urge the Trump administration to “use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups.” - Presumably they will succeed in getting a vote on this joint resolution and it’s hard to imagine that it won’t pass. If it is introduced in the House as well, I imagine that the bill will land on President Trump’s Resolute Desk with a thud and force him to decide whether he is willing to take the political hit that would come with either vetoing or refusing to sign it.
Hardly--I merely described the nature and character of our social institutions.  Doing so does not make me 'racist'.  Does it identify me as an opponent of white supremacy?  Certainly.  Not gonna apologize for that, even if telling such truth offends your tender sensibilities.  You don't cure a disease by pretending it doesn't exist and singing 'Kumbaya, look how much better we are than we used to be".  We're not--the crimes for which the great John Brown denounced 'this guilty country' are merely packaged differently nowadays.  And "methinks thou dost protest too much..."
The GOP's problems date back decades, but the major turning point came when Richard Nixon lured George Wallace voters into the Republican Party (Wallace, remember, was an old school segregationist Democrat back when those still existed).  In Nixonland, his outstanding history of that period, Rick Perlstein explains that Wallace voters were never conservatives, they were driven by racial resentment. They actually loved handouts, they just believed only whites should receive them.  Nixon planted a time bomb when he courted that crowd. For the short term it built a Republican majority, but ultimately it made the party a whites only organization just as the demographics in this country changed dramatically. It also meant that a healthy percentage of base voters never bought conservative principles.  Republicans ignored the cancer within since it won elections. Like any tumor, however, untreated it kept growing. Now it's malignant.   Conservatism was the host. The patient is terminal.
Pi, I have lived in Alaska long enough to have heard natives on numerous occasions argue that they are not subject to "white man's law" and I have seen the stories of dozens of reindeer slaughtered in Point Hope, and the refusal to abide by fishing limits on King Salmon, and the murder of VSO's. If that isn't disrespect for the law then please tell me what you call it?
And yet these attacks represent such a small minority of murders, assaults and killings in the United States. If you're into number supporting your paranoia, I'd take a look at white men that are into guns--especially in Alaska.
There has never been a President in this nation's history that campaigned on hate, division and violence.  If you want me to drag up more than a few video's to prove that, I will. A Trump rally often was reminiscent of an all white, angry, ignorant mob that walked right out of the 1960's civil rights movement.  He was endorsed by every single white hate group in this country.  They were even making robo calls for him.  Now the "chickens have come home to roost."  This violence doesn't surprise me.  As David Duke, Grand Wizard of the KKK said--"we're here to help with Trump's agenda."  Of course, Trump is not going to refer to them as what they are--they are his base of support. And don't tell me that you didn't notice this, everyone did, and the majority of people who voted for Trump obviously have a bias toward people that are not White. Otherwise they would have had nothing to do with Trump. This is what Clinton meant when she stated that half of Trump's support are deplorable.
Don't forget Charles, according to the DOJ, Black men are only about 3.5% of the total population and commit 52% of it's homicide. When was the last obviously guilty white man was freed by a dream team?
Please reread my last paragraph from my previous post, it demonstrates a significantly more realistic view than your 99% claim.  To support your claim you reference "sex tourism", ok... are the local individuals that setup these events not also guilty of child related sex crimes?  Also, "white female victims" have no relevance to you first assertion. What I mean by this is, because the victim is white doesn't mean the perpetrator was. Attempting to couple these two disconnected statistics is careless imo. I detect a lot of anger towards whites from your posts, that is unfortunate.  Back on topic:  What we have is another individual that refused to follow the instructions of officers attempting to detain him.  The officers claim he was reaching into the vehicle, from what I saw the video looked like it supports some of the officers claims. There needs to be an independent non-partisan investigation.  If the officer didn't follow procedure then there needs to be appropriate consequences.
Enough of the "inequality" divisive headlines. This has nothing to do with inequality. Is it also inequality that obese people are more likely to eat more? Or inequality that Asian teens who study 24/7 have better test scores? What about the inequality that more black athletes get starting positions in all major sports leagues? Isn't that inequality? No! It is due to whatever those individuals choose to do with their own lives and what sacrifices they make. Really an absurd headline. Let's make sure that the NFL has the exact % of white athletes, hispanic athletes, black athletes and Asian athletes to accurately represent the makeup of the country. Otherwise, "the NFL is a study in racial inequality".
"icon66" stated: "White people like me do read them (published studies) and possess the capacity to understand the implications."  Oh Sir...How do you manage to put up with us from your ivory pedestal?  "I assume people like you Michael3 spend little to no time reading published studies"...    Wow...More ad Hominem attacks. How could you possibly make such a statement,  knowing nothing about me? Wow.  Pray tell, Please educate us all with your definition of "institutional racism"?  And, if it does still exist, how do you account for the reality of the examples of which  I have given?
The NFL kneelers are showing humility and devotion to the flag?  When their announced intent is to show disdain for America?  How far are you willing to go to deceive yourself in defense of a liberal view of things?  Kaepernik, the one who started all this said:  “America refuses to address the pervasive evil of white cops killing black men, and I will not stand during a national anthem that honors the flag of such a country!” Now you can argue whether he's right or wrong some other day, but for now, the question is whether kneeling in this context shows lack of respect.  Don;t take my word for it; read what Kaepernik himself said.
Mr. Zippreplat, thank you for your reply. I went to your source - Fairus.org. Their website did assert that there are 10K illegal immigrants in Alaska, but said that the cost to the State  was 137 million not the 177 million you assert. Why the discrepancy; just wondering? In looking through their website, it was unclear how they came up with the numbers. I researched FAIRus further and was astonished to find the following. Their founder, John Trenton is friendly to Holocaust deniers, formerly served as a lawyer for the KKK and is asserted to be a leading white nationalist. Fairus appears to promote hatred of all immigrants, especially non-white ones. The highly respected and credible Southern Poverty Law Center considers them a hate group, promoting xenophobia and natavism. Like many people today, you may have been inadvertently drawn into a racist organization based on their slick website. It might be enlightening to you to look into this group further. I hope this is helpful to you.
' …no, let's not leave it at that.  Let's make sure that what the Confederate flag truly represents get's plainly set down right out in the open. . Let's dispel the myth that it doesn't represent what it does represent, …what it has always historically represented. . Let's deny the revisionists and the apologists who come into our neighborhood with their disingenuous hate driven falsehoods. . The Confederacy was founded on white supremacy and the protection of slavery and their flag is their symbol representing those beliefs. .  Let's shine as bright a light on that truth as needs be.  .  http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-OmOzrbPIHxI/VYuCk6u4cZI/AAAAAAAAGDU/RAxfrcvkvGM/s1600/Flag%2Bof%2BHatred-1.jpg  . …maybe educate enough young people, that they might take more appropriate actions in their wholly natural wish express their existence and their individuality.  .   .
Sorry, I tend not to get caught up in the petty "socialist" arguments that are important to progressives and conservatives because they are, in general, fruitless and unproductive.  "Socialism" is a spectrum, not a black and white thing.  By nature, government itself is a socialist enterprise.  What you guys really argue about is simply a matter of degree.  That's why I laugh when the right says "that's socialist" and the left says "socialism is good."    That's why you're able to take wealthy Western capitalist countries and declare them to be "socialist," whereas places like Venezuela, Niger, Albania,  or Mongolia aren't used as examples for unexplained reasons -- even though they VERY accurately fit the definition of "socialism" that you are using.    Why is that "socialism" only tends to work great in wealthy Western capitalist countries?   Vietnam had "universal health care" in the 70's, but that didn't seem to help them.  China too.  It was capitalism that changed everything.
There are rich or well-off white Canadians in Canada or rich Canadians who live in USA. I see their photos on Facebook & Instagram.   Fancy, exotic trips, country cottage vacations, fancy toys, fancy equipment for the kids' sports activities, fancy cars, big houses.  I'm sure those rich or well- off white parents will be able to buy condo for their kid or give them down payment.
Nice sidestep.  Doesn't look too good for ANYONE not huddling in the "melanistically-challenged" section of the bleachers.  Ah well--local plumbers will get extra work installing all those "whites only" drinking fountains, public toilet facilities, etc.  Makes you PROUD, doesn't it?
In Renzetti's eyes, white males are a monolithic demographic. Tsk tsk. When you start analyzing society in such simple terms, your arguments greatly risk falling into the pits of reductionism.
"This nation is very diverse and the GOP will never accept it, at the least the GOP as it is today."  The GOP does it accept it. You believe the leftist lies. By incorrectly labeling the GOP as racist you can win minority votes. The GOP has does and will accept that this nation is diverse. I am a member of the GOP and I ain't white.  The GOP has had just as many candidates for president that are black as the DNC.
...It's also palpable by your support of BLM and the Islamic Society of North America you get all your information via bias provides, yet ignorance doesn't mean it's not present. BLM for example has shown repeatedly they're overall a discriminative-domestic terroristic organization from their continuous chants calling for the murder of cops, to jumping whites solely based on their skin color, to moving white supporters to the back of the crowd and even banning them altogether from meetings, to literally looting and destroying city after city. So instead of taking a political pundit for their word who purposely neglects showing the entire picture, why not try watching raw videos of the actual events on YouTube? Now admittedly your stance against the alt-right's ideology is commendable, but your inability or refusal to recognize the same characteristics in groups supported by your party, antifa especially, leaves you close-minded and  ill-informed, which only benefits said groups.
I am puzzled as to the picture associated with this story. While giving praise to the young woman whose photo was used, where are the photos of the two, African Americans, Tamara and Nina Richardson, that the post is writing about? I hope there is a new article which corrects this....otherwise people may assume that the" image" of "white" Eugene, is actually more important than the actual story!!!!
The issue of "black racism" is contentious and, for me, troubling.  Short story" In the late '60s I taught in an inner city highschool in Riverside, California.  this was a time of considerable racial unrest. Our student body was 1/3 Black, 1/3 Chicano and 1/3 white.  I was asked and accepted the assignment to "walk the campus" during lunch to address any possible incidents.  I had good relations with students and was 6'2" and about 200 # and an assistant football coach....I was in the role of a "campus cop" w/o a weapon or police authority.    The little white guys would ask me to wander through the rest room so they could go to the restroom w/o being "strongarmed" for their lunch money.  I would 'run interference' in as low-profile fashion as I could.    I also taught sociology and did a month-long unit on race relations...class of 40 seniors, but on most days we'd have closer to 100 kids in the room....it made for some interesting discussions.  (cont) OK, maybe not so short....
"What's your point? ... blah-blah-blah ... Keep trying." -- yardman  Pay real close attention now as I go back over it s.l.o.w.l.y ...  My point was: "Exit polls in Michigan and Wisconsin showed a substantially higher turnout among white, Christian and a weak turnout for typical Democratic demographics."  That was the difference that won Trump the Electoral College,  I will indeed quit trying further, since you seem too dense to get something so simple.  -- Paul
You remember a time when no one locked their​ doors and no one was afraid to walk the streets? You must not remember talking to a single black person, Irish person, Chinese person, Italian, Catholic or Japanese person during that time. Or gay people, or people in mixed marriages. Or many women. That time only existed for you because you happen to be a straight, white, protestant Christian male and sorry friend, but the majority of Americans are not all of those things. And I guarantee all of them were locking their doors and were frequently afraid to walk the streets back during your so-called golden years. Edit: Listen, I'm glad you could have that kind of childhood. That's the kind of childhood we should work for as a country to provide to every single American. But it is a total myth to pretend that every American back in the 40s, 50s, 60s, or whatever era has had access to that kind of childhood. And it is a myth to pretend that Christianity provided that childhood in the US.
Does she really think so little of white women? Their men told them how to vote. I do not think she will ever except losing.
I think it's a safe guess that the irony of someone making a racist comment while condemning others for racism would be lost on the original poster.  Do me a favour, replace the word "white" with "Jewish", "Asian" or "Native" and then re-read your message and see how it sounds.  Would you post that?  Or are you only ok with stereotyping and discriminating against people of one specific skin colour.
It was an embarrassment of gigantic proportions. One kinda embarrassment even his spin doctors will struggle to convince us that it was anything but such. Zuma went there at the rally as part of a gamble to test the waters. Stephen, look at this from the point of view of Zuma and his minions, he has always said that the enemies are 'white monopoly capital', 'racists' and some other nefarious agents. Had he not been booed it would have bolstered his assertion that only a few individuals do not want him but the 'masses' want him. The gamble has not paid off and all he has is egg all over his face. What does he do? He simply goes back to the drawing boards and plans his next move. One thing he needs to do is that he has to get it into his head that he is no longer the darling of the people as he may once have been. Moreover, he has become more of a liability to the party he leads. His continued stay is harming its chances of claiming a resounding victory in 2019.
Why does Islamophobia exist? Four reasons:  1. While many Muslims are nice people, invite 20 million to come here, and Canada will be a Muslim society with a Muslim government. Some Canadians ask themselves: Do we want to live in a society similar to those in the Middle East? Also, long before Canada has 20 million Muslims, there will be attempts to change our society, such as demands for Sharia law.  2. The violent conflicts between Muslim groups in the Middle East are well known. Do we want to import those conflicts into Canada?  3. Many Canadians from Europe are familiar with the "white slave trade". Between 1600 and 1830, 2.6 million white girls and boys were kidnapped and sold in the Middle East slave markets to serve as labourers, domestics and sex slaves in harems.  Indeed slavery still exists.  Type into Google the words slavery and the name of a country in the Middle East to learn more.   4.  Former Libyan leader Gaddafi predicted Muslims would conquer Europe thru numbers.
Contrary to the headline, we don't keep looking away. White Canadians really do want to rip the lid off the dirty secrets of what goes on, on the reserves and hold the miscreant chiefs and nepotistic band councils to justice,. But we are told that would be racist. We are scolded by native isolationist to mind our own business. Native culture is too sacred for white man to understand. So we watch kids die and we get blamed for it, despite the fact we are forbidden to intervene.
"One has to question why First Nations water purification systems have fallen into such a state of disrepair..."    One would think that question would be obvious, but that would require answers FROM natives and  their chiefs.  This story is only about pointing fingers AT  white people.
Far be it from me to speak for indigenous people, but when it comes to who started any race wars between the white man and natives, I think history speaks for itself.
Kneeling, instead of standing, during the national anthem is " anti-American, anti-white, racist hate and lies"? Wow! You will stand during the national anthem and you will like it!" is totalitarian.
This is how racism works.  People form opinions and beliefs based on inadequate information.   Many regular posters on adn are "experts" on Native people.  They "know" that Natives aren't as good as other people. If I were to say that all whites are unfair greedy racists who are as ethical as snake oil salesmen you can look to all the good white people you know and realize that the statement is false.  As the writer points out, that doesn't happen with Natives.   Unfortunately the comments section of adn is an echo chamber with clueless, uninformed and downright dishonest people bashing Natives day in and day out.    Alaska is home to tens of thousands of people who speak their Native language and live on the land they have occupied for thousands of years. Tens of thousands have been to college and are working in service to help their people.   That's beautiful and valuable and inspiring.  Most of what of what is best about Alaska is Native.
Yes, white people are responsible for the privilege we carry, part of which is due to oppression of other races. Similarly, heterosexual people are responsible for the privilege they carry, part of which results from placing themselves on pedestals they deny to other loves.  As for my knowledge of Christianity, I am a Christian. I'm simply not an Evangelical, which is a modern, Western, anti-intellectual sect, which tends to idolize the Bible as some form of Cosmic Rule Book, rather than actually practice Christ's commandment to love God and neighbor. Having been at the receiving end of Evangelical political hostility for 30 years - right here in Portland - I'm speaking from experience.  If Imago Dei doesn't want to be identified with its Conservative Baptist brethren, it should disassociate from that denomination, and treat women and LGBTQ people as equals. Until it does ... it can expect to be treated like any other right-wing church. Tattoos cover skin, not hardened hearts.
All the Jews want is an ethnically clean state as well in the ME and they are going about it, the white guys are not actually cleansing America.   The Israel ambition is supported by over 90% of American Jews.   Such poor hypocrites.  White guys want less diversity and more representation of their interests , culturally as well as economically.  See -- the white guys have become everybody's punching bag.  All the world's ills are blamed on white supremacy, including colonialism, wars, slavery, racism etc.  While there is a lot of truth to this, it can be tiring for this generation of white guys to bear the brunt of that hysteria.  Jewish organizations (which is all I really know) blame Israel/Palestine on the "white man" not on Zionism, which is the obvious source of all wars there in ME.  Blacks used to talk about "the man" meaning the white executive, politician, police etc.  Besides, it isn't what they say, it's what they do.
I must disagree with Doug here. I listened to Trump's entire press conference and didn't hear anything in his statements that provided "indirect comfort" to white supremacists. In fact, he loudly and repeatedly condemned them.
If she has "white privilege"  why doesn't she dress better.
We paid for the dreamers We now a trillion dollar debt  A country torn apart A white Christian, anglo saxon culture under siege In a decade white anglo saxons will be an official minority  Christians will be hunted like animals like they are in the Middle East  All because a bunch of people voted  Liberal
Nice attempt at deflection, but no, he wouldn't have, and he wasn't a left-wing radical. He knew the Constitution well enough to teach courses on it at the University of Chicago Law School. He did, however, legitimately grieve for the slaughtered children and try to do something to prevent others from being slaughtered in the future, but Republicans made it clear that they don't GAF about murdered children. They only care about getting NRA money, and the NRA only cares about the Second Amendment (and no others) because they want to help gun manufacturers sell more guns to insecure white men with micropenii who need to openly carry an AR to get a sandwich. Trump, OTOH, proposes policies and expresses opinions that violate every single amendment in the Bill of Rights, and more. He swore to defend the Constitution, but there's no evidence that he even knows what's in it. https://www.reddit.com/r/hillaryclinton/comments/59cl6j/donald_trump_v_bill_of_rights_a_megalist_of_his/
I gotta admit.  I really, really don't like the confederacy, the memory of the confederacy, or what it stood for.  I don't know if it's "hate" for the confederacy, but I know my reaction to it's name and memory is somewhat visceral.  And, even more so because it is specifically invoked to advance White Supremacist racist causes in the USA.  I am not a racist, and I know this because I would urge the making and display of statues with either whites or blacks.  One for Obama, and one for Clinton (a family montage).  Heck, Obama's whole family would be fine too.  Michelle and the kids did a great job of representing America. . . .at least there's no indication they were consorting wth Russian spies. . .
Well ummm Slof/Weasel ( your the one who wants to be known by animal names) I have to disagree. Those in Toksook admitted to shooting hundreds of rounds into a endangered whale. Then the VPSO said they left much of the carcass  on the beach to rot. These are facts, they admitted it. Do you feel that these criminals should be charged? Is what they did right according to the law? Should they be punished and held accountable for breaking the law? How do you feel they should be treated? Should the laws apply differently for rural folks as compared to city folks? It relates to this article because this guy broke the law and is being held accountable. My question is why are some treated much differently? If a bunch of locals from Anchorage slaughtered an endangered whale on the beach in Anchorage would they be treated the same do you feel? The White Supremacist racial  name calling does not affect me at all, who said I am White and how would that term hurt a White person?
The NCR editorial stance is to call half the nation bigoted xenophobic racists?  Do tell.  As for the Catholic vote, we only know that Catholics are the largest religious group in the U.S.  And Trump won the election.   This likely means that a huge number of Catholics did vote for Trump.  If you're curious about why these Catholics voted for Trump, maybe NCR can sponsor a poll.     But that's not likely, since the NCR columnists are still very busy telling us what we must think and feel, even after the election they lost.  They have no curiosity for precisely why Trump lost, and seem to know with absolute certainty that it was because the same voters who went for Obama, twice, suddenly became white supremacists.
The actual text is even worse: "Black with the business name in large white lettering, the sign was located in front of the building at the intersection of Scott Road and Highway 525 and quickly became the subject of public criticism." Poor writing and  lax editing.
They band the Confederate battle flag but yet they endorce BLM.. That really makes White students feel safe..
Now if you replaced the word "white" with black and "white neo-nazis" with BLM over the last eight years we could have a fascinating conversation.
I dislike discrimination, too. Although I think sometimes there's a propensity to blame racism when other factor are at play or contributing. As a southerner, there is the prejudice that we are all ignorant rednecks that talk funny. As a white male, we are being blames for all the world's ills at the moment (and zero credit for the good we've done). I also think affirmative action has gone too far, so far that it's now discriminatory toward whites in many cases. I find it difficult to empathize with protesters that loot and destroy, no matter what the cause. I find it difficult to empathize with those that want to take but not give. I find it difficult to empathize with those that have a hyper sense of entitlement. It is not constructive to blame all the problems of minorities on racism. Racism exists for sure (even against whites!) but we need to be honest about all the causes (e.g. economic disadvantages not related to racism).
Yet "Mauna Kea" clearly translates to "White Mountain".  The earliest recorded versions of the name are either "Mauna Kaah" or "Mauna Kea".
Latino/a experience is often rendered invisible within the black/white paradigm of racial discourse in the United States—Michelle Gonzalez Maldonado  from a Black perspective, that hurts.  From Ada María, I learned that I was able to be critical of my Cuban heritage while at the same time embracing it, and that this was not a betrayal . . . .the same for Cuban heritage applies to RCC heritage.  Appropriate reflections from the Liturgy of the Word for the Feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe.  As Zechariah 2:17 puts it, “Silence, all mankind, in the presence of the LORD!  For he stirs forth from his holy dwelling.”  Again, “You (our Lady of Guadalupe) are the highest honor of our race” (Judith 13 15:9d).  And here are the Faithful, left alone in the political swirl, “Then the angel departed from her” (Luke 1:38), leaving Mary and the Faithful to figure out just what to do next.
I think the matter of bringing jobs home is not a simplistic black v.s white matter. There are many situations where the economics and finances are marginal either way - and if that allows some jobs to be brought back - great for Trump. At least he as adressed an issue that concerns a significant population cohort.   My experience has been that the accountants and MBAs believe their spread sheets reflect ultimate reality. Not so - I for one am concerned over the related transfers of technology, logistics, management. Most importantly the financial justification for a foreign competitor to expand capacity against which we cannot later compete. I have seen cases were critical proprietary technologies were offered up on the altar of simple minded spread sheets.
Donald Trump is the perfect candidate for the GOP base of poorly educated white people. They wish they could get away with what Trump gets away with. None of them are interested in facts. They have ideology and resentment of everyone doing better than them. That goes double if you are not a white male.
Ms Zille Do you know the difference between white people and whiteness?   If you do are you deliberately conflating the two?  I find this series of articles mostly a deflection from the discussion regarding colonization  - but with far worse side effects - namely furthering the narrative of white victimhood a similar strategy to that used by Trump and an extraordinary dangerous one. In my view.
So what you are suggesting James is that white Europeans should be blamed for being the first to throw off the shackles of supersition and thue begin the enlightenement and scientific process? It is not because they are white, it has nothing to do with race, rather there are historical/cultural reasons for the enlightenement begining in the UK and parts of continental Europe. A large factor were the never ending wars and major religious strife in Europe...but hey just go ahead and stereotype white people and engage in racism...  Clearly many 'progresives' need to learn some history, critical thought and context...
Of course, sexuality must be controlled, and if not by the individual, then indirectly by the state.  That's why from the founding of the Republic, there were laws against fornication.  Because we no longer have such laws, thanks in part to Roe v. Wade's interpretation of substantive due process, the father-less rate among some blacks is through the roof, and among whites is rising all the time.  The children of these families scarcely have a chance in life because of the selfishness of their parents.  But it's liberals who accuse conservatives of caring only for the unborn and not caring for children.  BS!
Or just another nut in NYC?  Vegas was worse, he was a white American, home grown terrorist
There were even more white men in that picture of Trump meeting with the Freedom Caucus (formerly known as the Tea Party.) According to this article that wasn't a gaffe it was a strategy to solidify Trump's base of white men:  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/27/opinion/the-all-male-photo-op-isnt-a-gaffe-its-a-strategy.html?_r=0
Tell me again why the color of a person's skin means they should receive 'affirmative action'?  Does that include Asians?  How about Hindus whose families came from India?  Blacks from Angola?    Somali-Americans?  How about Haitians?    Lotsa people in the Middle East who aren't 'white'?      How about a Caucasian from Afghanistan?  (Yes, Virginia, they do in fact exist!)  Look at all the green colored locations in this 'racial representation'.  Do all those people who came from a green location have to defer to people who are browner in color?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caucasian_race  Or just home-grown blacks?  Or just home-grown blacks and Hispanics already across the border?  How about if they make it across the border next week?
I am so glad this is over, but I can't help thinking of how differently this would have unfolded if the occupiers were African American men with guns, or Muslim men with guns or anarchists with piercings and guns....  The white male privilege combined with their careful use of words to frame what they were doing as patriotic, let them have sympathy from the press and determined patience from the FBI.  Thank goodness their fantasies about being able to leave without being arrested were not allowed to come true.  This is a country of laws and the laws should be applied equally to all.
Yay Boulder, this IS white privilege. Thank you Boulder Liberals for demonstrating how jacked up the justice system can be. If this had been a non-white, perhaps football player at CU, would the outcome be the same?
Personally I don't think the people of Bismarck OR the Sioux tribe should have to deal with oil polluted water. Over 400,000 Sioux tribe members' water supply would be destroyed by an oil spill or leak and as you said, the same would happen for over 70,000 people in Bismarck. Neither is acceptable. However, to set the facts straight, Bismarck is almost exclusively white with an extremely small black population: http://www.towncharts.com/North-Dakota/Demographics/Bismarck-city-ND-Demographics-data.html
whats wrong with plain ole american? whites are all grouped together as Caucasian which is an inaccurate term to describe us. We should have our own ethnicity also ie; Russian american German american etc etc.  Were proud of our heritage also. And for the record not all whites are the same skin color. Now im offended and find it to be offensive and want my own ethnic american group too. I would like to know if done that way what the majority group would be. Does anyone know if they have stats like that anywhere?
This points out the crux of the situation. What exactly, did the counter protesters expect? It seems like they wanted to provide an opportunity for exactly what happened. The "confederate culture" for lack of a better term, is being forced to witness unwanted change, and it has become a huge focal point for anger and hate. The counter protesters inserted themselves into that foci knowingly. I dislike Trump immensely, but he was alluding to the counter protesters thrusting themselves into a combustible toxic situation. As George says....ignore the white nationalist and nazi protesters.
Remember folks - TDSB is not in the education business. . The head honchos and Co. there are in the politics business. Ensure funds with  'Cry Wolf'  - the ' Politically Correct' version.   . All about appearances, at our kids' expense. . The media - a complicit enabler, just look at the picture/video attached at this piece. "White Supremacy"? In Toronto, Canada? In schools? . Quick - lets allocate funds for TDSB to fight "white supremacy". Call your uncles, cousins and aunts -  "consulting" jobs and committees galore...
But the violence against white men is almost always by other white men.
What a disgusting news report. It is filled with an extraordinary amount of  leftist nonsense. I lived in Oregon. It has some racist element, both black and white. The left's attempt to justify physical violence because some speech is interpreted as violent, or because someone FEELS unsafe is just ridiculous. We have freedom of speech, and freedom to demonstrate. We do not have freedom to be physically violent. It is past time for the authorities to stomp on this lawlessness. CBS and other media outlets that attempt to justify and condone physical violence need to be held accountable.
Trump made fun of women's appearances. He made fun of women's periods.  His infamous line: "grab 'em by the p****"   And despite all of this:  He won 53% of the white female vote  45% of college educated female voters  42% of women's votes overall  And 9 million more women than men vote in the US election.  Women had the opportunity to break the biggest glass ceiling in the world and vote for a female candidate that was also the globe and fail's preferred candidate as they have constantly reminded us after the election, but chose not to. The biggest whiners, Ms. Renzetti, are reserved for those who participated in the women's march the day after he was elected and could not accept the result of a democratic election.
Fascism is the politics of identity: either you are part of the favoured group or you are not. We usually think of Aryan white supremacist but they hardly exist any more. It is the left wing, hyper aggressive politically correct mob who are now the Brown Shirts who use violence to make their point and to enforce their views on others.
Hmm, and the Aztecs had slaves, so did the Egyptians, long before the white man came to North America. The white mad didn't create discrimination and hate, it exists everywhere. If she doesnt wanna celebrate Canada 150 and this amazing country we live in she can leave.
Right, that was the first Big Lier of the media, the narrative that Trayvon was the poor victim of a white racist.  The actual trial showed that in reality, Zimmermann was assaulted by Martin and had to defend himself.   After the media pushed the Big Lie that Zimmermann was the perp, "Hands Up, Don't Shoot!" was a cake walk.
Strip away the rhetoric of this and similar articles that have flooded the media and you begin to see the real reasons why the progressives are upset.  Trump used their own tactic of identity politics tactics to access a group that the Dems ignored -  regular working folks - many of them white.  Activists among women,  LGBTQ, poverty and climate change see this "new" group as a competitor for government favour and attention.   Meanwhile,  Trump pledged to replace  Obamacare that currently leaves almost 30 million uninsured, with a system that covers all.  If he can pull it off how is that bad?  Apparently he's already having talks with the UK about a trade deal that would reduce tariffs and allow freer movement between the two.  Is that isolationist?  He's refusing to saddle Americans with climate taxes.  Oh yes, I'm sure Canadians don't want that sort of heresy to cross north of the border.
Correct Pocho, the Kamehameha Schools/ Bishop Trust should first have to finally pay taxes.  They are in direct violation of a 501-3c tax status as they are an exclusive race based school, and not a all comers inclusive school.  They are also in violation of Supreme Court Rulings concerning school segregation.  This has gone on long enough! Remember, the Bishop Trust owns approx. 1/3 of all private lands in the State.  So much for the "White man stealing the land".
"Open space is a civic improvement. It happens to limit growth, space being finite."--Acting as if it hasn't played a role in the high cost of Boulder's real estate is simply ignoring basic supply and demand economics.  There's a reason Boulder's service-sector class has to commute from Longmont.  "If you like places with unrestricted growth policies, let me suggest Colorado Springs which has seemingly embraced the notion of expanding infinitely."--Oh, Colorado Springs is the only place where this is practiced?  You might want to go down I-70 and visit Aurora sometime.  "Different parts of Colorado Springs, however, resemble each other in name only."--Yes, the parts of town with rich and upper-middle class white people are nicer than the ones with working-class white people and Hispanics.  That doesn't exactly disprove what I said earlier, considering its the same situation in Denver.
Just curious - How do you and your multi-decade experienced Talent Aquisition "professionals"  reconcile the gap between your right wing rants with the employment barriers you personally impose on old white guys?  I think Bill Hooper 651, O77, GBA, et. al. would be equally curious to read your reply.
"Alt-right is just a nicer name than white supremacists," Exactly like saying alternative facts is a nicer way of saying "I'm lying to your face."
Im old, Im white,  I have 2 masters degrees, AND Im an evil Christian conservative -NOT republican--ergo I am your enemy and no fear I would never work around you or with your "firm".  your intolerance is predictable though
You are stuck in the old, apartheid 'black' and 'white' labels, Mbalula, which make nonsense of your otherwise fairly cogent thinking and confound your argument. Leave these false, racist terms out and see how this debate can advance?
The GOP base is just not ready to join the 21st century. They would rather argue about a 30 year old story that was not Hillary's fault. In the good old days, Republicans loved women that stood by their man. Morality is not the primary concern for the religious GOP base of white racists. They want their white privilege and they want it now. They have figured out, after 50 years, that it has been the GOP elite that has been conning them. They hate the GOP elite more than they hate Democrats.
Have a look elsewhere to see exactly what the posters say. They're white supremacist and anti-semitic.  Unless that's who you are, don't fall for it.
It's not "yokels" this week. Now it's "White Supremacists".   Get with the program!
I watched a similar nomination process  with the Conservatives, a reversal somewhat, the dumped candidate was a white guy.
But she is OK with the many causes so dear to her and her heart being funded by the same 'white men'?
I can live with Blacks getting into top colleges by affirmative action. Harvard was a tailwind for Obama. Obama gave non-whites a voice. I think Obama treated every race fairly. His mother was a white women born in Kansas, if you didn't know.
Very good.  You've demonstrated you know how to post a link.  Your next step is to provide the QUOTE from said link wherein you claim that I said I'll fight against Americans.  MY quote.  Not what those white supremacists CLAIM I said.  Quote ME.  Go 'head.  I dare ya,  I double-dog dare ya.
On the other hand, choosing the angry white religious racist lifestyle guarantees birth control. Don't forget the dixie decals, Schludwiller beer mudflaps, and a plastic Jesus on the dashboard of the 8mpg hummer.
As I recall those guys got caught. They deserved to be severely punished . In addition to looking back , look at today. How are white teachers treated in the bush schools ? How are white Alaska state troopers treated when they go to the bush---and they are there to protect them.  Since you have a long memory , remember that school secretary that was fired in Tyonek ? Why was she fired---because she was white. And on a lighter note----isn't it considered a hate crime to hang a persons likeness of color in effigy, yet when a person in CA. had one hanging of Sarah Palin authorities said because she was white it didn't count ?   My guess , and it's only a guess---is that in this boat case someone had a personal beef with this guy , or insurance money was involved , or kids were playing with matches .  If this was a real crime , I hope they catch and punish who did it.
Anchorage bigots and haters and Charleston S.C killer Dylann Roof, Donald Trump, David Duke, Adolph Hitler, and other extremists are all cut from the same cloth. Hate and bigotry kills. Even if Trump loses this election his fire of white supremacy will burn on forever. America will never be the same.
Congratulations: when you say that it's not the case that "all white people are racist" you've simultaneously mischaracterized the test (people of color find themselves biased against people of color) and defeated a straw man.  It's precisely the aggregate rather than the individual that's at stake, which is just exactly what the test says.  What's fascinating is teaching it to students. They're perfectly okay with social science that says, for example, they have high IQs or they're hardworking. But you show them a test that says that they are members of a society that prizes one kind of person over another, and they become very analytic  about the procedures and very real limits of this kind of testing.  So let's get down to it. What is the ratio between white family wealth and African American family wealth in the US? Approximately 10 to 1. We don't need to know what's in people's souls to know what the system does.
IMO, the problem with BLM's approach to Pride is its inherent disrespect for another rights-seeking community. BLM's main agenda, after all, has nothing in particular to do with gay rights. Gay people were in the past beaten up and ridiculed for their sexual orientation, had their relationships discounted or ignored during the AIDS crisis, went for years without having the same workplace benefits and pension and taxation rights enjoyed by their heterosexual counterparts and were discriminated against in employment and housing. But, hey, now that they've achieved some progress on these issues they're apparently just another branch of "white privilege" (whether they're actually white or not). Their struggle, which isn't entirely over, has been co-opted and eclipsed by more fashionable causes, including by the young activists within their own community, who seem to believe that the gay rights they enjoy always existed and are oblivious to the past struggles of their predecessors.
"Otherwise, never mind “getting behind the president.” It's already too late for that. It's the preservation of the soul of the country that needs our support. Right now, it's “getting behind the Constitution” that counts — for both sides of the divide."   Sr. Joan, I love the underlying optimism of your column.  Unfortunately, it is clear that much of the electorate has contempt for the U.S. Constitution.  A large chunk of the electorate does not believe in freedom of religion but wants to make their understanding of Christianity the state religion.  Another chunk of the electorate does not believe in the federal government's constitutional duty to regulate commerce.  Indeed, these people believe the preamble to the Constitution says "We the corporations" instead of "We the people."  Another chunk of the electorate wants this to be "a white man's country" where non-whites are deported or reduced to second class citizens.  These three groups came together to elect Trump president.
"It would be if there was a common effort to conserve. In his case, one group is forced to conserve while watching the other group squander. Not a very effective approach" Is this some nascent jealousy here? The realization when you state "one group is forced to conserve" - is that the group you mention is incapable of responsible stewardship hence laws and regulations? The other reality is I am white, I hunt, I have no issue with First Nations responsible use of resources considering we-the powered establishment have time and again proven our inability to do so without extreme governance. And just to mussy the water - take a moment and consider the myriad constructs that we the powered have "forced" First Nations to do/be/have.
jane lee, i hope you dont have any kids to pass your family values (re: family biases) on to. the law favors conservative whites, rich people and evangelicals over everyone else, and they work hard every day to diminish the role minorities get to play in our government. what the good old u.s.of a. needs is a war or massive national disaster, to pop our arrogant balloon, and turn us into a syria or DRC and make us the refugees for a change. you favor deporting an ortiz, id love to see what happens to a jane lee that had to flee to the land of ortiz's.
And a halo.  Oh wait, for YOU angels are “white.” Never mind
Who says they were all white?
Indoctrination has fooled us all.  Saddened by the continuous hewa exhibited by these Hawaiians.  Our ancestors look upon us with great pain that we are unable to overcome the past, put aside our egos and work together.  Whatʻs worst is that these people are considered the main and sometimes only representatives of the Hawaiian community.  This is what happens to an indigenous people when the white man throws around fed money.  Chaos and confusion stop truth and progress.  One day in the next realm we shall all see if any OHA board members truly did the pono thing in office.  Praying for these people.  Love and light to all in the new year!
Maybe many would.....but you seem to think that lawsuits are only in the wheelhouse of the left.  It seems you have missed out in the white male-Chrsitian-conservative victim complex that has developed in the last few years.
"The whole identity politics movement is promoted by politicians to pit citizens against each other, so that we can be mad at each other, instead of them" -- don't forget President Trump in this indictment.  From the Birther lie that he championed, that President Obama wasn't born in the US, to his glorifying a march of neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "very fine people," and much in between, he is the ultimate power in white identity politics.  Identity politics arise from the grievances of a group that feels oppressed.  Women who find themselves with lower pay and no promotions compared to men in the same position, African-Americans who find themselves with lower pay and no promotions compared to white people in the same position (as well as being targeted by police departments while white people in the same position are ignored), have every reason to organize to redress such long-standing inequalities.  After all, we've had affirmative action for white men for centuries.
this is a ploy by the whites to save Mr. Gordhan's behind. They were compelled to withdraw their report by some severe arm twisting by Mr. Rupert.
A sample of 600 Twitter accounts linked to Russian influence operations have been promoting hashtags for Charlottesville such as “antifa,” a term for activists on the far left; and “alt-left,” a term Trump used, which was interpreted by many as suggesting an equivalence between liberal demonstrators and white nationalists in the so-called alt-right. The sample includes accounts that are openly pro-Russian like state-controlled outlets RT and Sputnik, which a joint U.S. intelligence assessment concluded are “part of Russia’s state-run propaganda machine.”
"She repeated the story she told a comrade in Ethiopia, when that person spoke disparagingly about one of the cities there.   She told the person if everything was removed from the city that was not owned by Ethiopians, and if the same exercise was repeated in Johannesburg with buildings and property removed that don’t belong to Africans, it’s Johannesburg that would collapse. "  See how Racist she is. She is thinking in terms of black and white not African. 90% of Johannesburg is owned by Africans (black and white). And she wants to lead this country! You have got to be joking.
A very successful ploy. You just have to listen to Night Talk on 702. The constant attacks on "whiteness", "colonialism", "white privilege" and similar concepts have caused many white people to simply withdraw from the discussion, turn off their radios, stop reading the news and look for a way out. Anything to get away from the shouting.
Yes, I agree. The white supremacists and their message are disgusting. However, BLM and antifa were there too and those groups are also prone to violence. I have no idea who started what, but when hate groups meet there is bound to be trouble.
It's tragically sad that Goodall has no respect for the flag of the United States of America.  He has more respect for those who have no respect for the flag.  If you have such disrespect for the Anerican Flag, then why don't you and others like you leave this great country, and go live in another country?!?  What happened to being proud of being an American?  You people should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves.  You are against making America great again.  The President of this great country is not a racist or white supremist.  It's just the very sick and false rhetoric of the liberal Democratic Party and the completely biased media, that is spewed out of their mouths with their hateful tongues.  This identity politics is beyond rediculous.  This is not the Anerica I grew up in and I thank God for that.  All this political correct business needs to end.  This country needs President Trump.  He is the hope for this country.
Yeah, but it's a double edged sword.  The minute anti-affirmative action efforts start working, and asians start constituting 30% of all University Freshman classes, Trump will find some pretext to initiate a travel ban on Asian countries (actually, already started with the new "legal" immigration legislation).  And his base will love it.   This stuff is all about Trump making good on the "Make America White Again" that Trump was communicating during his campaign.  Will Congress buy it?  I think there are some things even the Senate "conservatives" won't do.
OK.  I see the problem now.  Let me try to simplify for you:  ACLU defend White Supremacists right to gather, march and chant.  ACLU good.  Defend Free speech.  No matter what.  White Supremacists bad.  Shout "hate" "racist" speech.  "Hate" "Racist" speech should not be protected.  Right now, "hate" and "racist" speech protected.  ACLU did job.  Hope America make "hate" "racist" speech illegal.  Then NOBODY has to defend.  Look!  Deer.  Go catch.  Make fire.  Eat.
"a white male"  Something about diversity, to keep the clever jokes flying.
Nope, but folks were on the warpath over that already while overlooking the fact that the Clintons had no skin in the game either. That was even the big thing with Bill, him dodging the draft way back when. if it did not matter for Bill, why do you care about Don? If it really matters to you, then how come no war vets are on the Dem ticket? Rich people playing rich people games and tossing tidbits out to distract the crowd. I tell you, I'm really tempted to vote for the old white person.
Even as we blog here, old white supremacist males are becoming a minority, thanks to growing minority populations among us, as well as white men who do NOT share Trump's "vision" for the USA.  The 2016 elections hay herald the dying gasp and gurgle of the societal dissonance we have witnessed, and provide some clues as to what and who will succeed the old white guys who worship Trump and the women he walks on.
Well, your links indicate some 400 plus were arrested, which is still far less than "thousands" but admittedly, much more than the few score I cited. We were both guilty of poor estimates. Still, millions have protested Trump since his inauguration and you should admit that is a tiny fraction of the protesters.And, there is violence against property and there is violence against individuals. Both are deplorable, but don't forget this article is about a White supremacist who attacked three men and killed two who were doing nothing more than the decent thing in protecting two young girls.Surely you don't condone that!
I do.   Liberty recognizes free speech, unlike most élite colleges and universities.  Regrettably, Liberty is ranked far below places like Middlebury and Trinity which attack even moderate speakers verbally and physically.    At Middlebury, students and faculty admitted that they had not read Professor Murray's works, but nevertheless they shouted him down and prevented him from speaking.  Then the left-wing mob physically attacked Professor Murray and his companion, sending the companion to the ER.  Trinity even condones virulent anti-white racism --eg ' Professor Johnny Williams' recently was allowed to tweet hate speech about allowing whites to bleed to death and Trinity College only condemned those who criticized Williams' hate speech.  Liberty is an oasis of rationality and tolerance in a sea of progressive hate and intolerance.
I am surprised that Vegas would allow the fight to be officiated by someone named "Robert Byrd", who shares a name with a certain former Democrat senator from West Virginia and KKK "Grand Kleagle" recruiter. They should not have let someone with such a name referee a match involving an African-American boxer, and should have re-assigned him to an undercard fight between two white guys.
Columbine, Aurora Theater, Sandy Hook and the Charleston Church massacre were all carried out by white men.  All told, 60 innocent people lost their lives in those tragedies.    Comparatively, over 60 people are killed in Chicago every month.  If you were to go back to the earliest of your examples, Columbine, which happened in 1999, and compare the number of people murdered for that same length of time, the four tragedies still account for 60 murders, while Chicago saw over 12,000 murders, and the majority of them were committed by black males.  That's just one city.  That number does not include people murdered in Detroit, Oakland, Baltimore, NYC, or any other large and dangerous city.  You still want to stand by your flimsy claim that white American males are the ones who need restriction from firearms?  They are not the most deadly by a long shot.    Finally, San Bernadino was not the work of white American males.   Clearly, it's not just your math that needs a lot of work.
Right.  White men are leaders and conquerors.  You want the white guys leading your team in a globally competitive environment.  They have been the winners over and over again.
wow this is aimed at whitey.....surprise surprise.... the author thinks somehow this is a white issue as she tries to tie  her own prejudice to one of the days most popular news stories.
Samoan is a 30 year old felon with a long history of violence holding up in city limits.  Old white guy has been a positive member of society who lives in a stand alone single dwelling away from others.  Different people, different locations with collateral damage.  Grow up.
Once again, the reasoned decisions of many educated people with cosmopolitan life experiences to vote for Donald Trump is being written off and the Trump base is being wrongly depicted as limited to the "non-educated white working class."  I am highly educated, have spent most of my professional career working and traveling for the United Nations, and voted for Trump in order to break the hold of the Clinton machine on American politics, and because Trump articulated a coherent policy agenda and a pragmatic approach to implementing it, which I thought had merit. As far as I am concerned, the jury is still out on whether he will succeed, but I do not regret my vote.
Funny, I get the impression that in your opinion people of other races get more than you do. Your "White Privilege" is showing. There is no answers to your questions since it is  your opinion you are offering and not a "question".
No one wants to stay the truth because it sounds like racism, but natives don't handle alcohol well.  That is not an insult, alcohol is not good for anyone.  If someone told me white people can't handle Meth I would not take that has racism, I would agree as it seems like most Meth heads are white.  I believe most of the worse crime in rural AK is booze fueled.
Not exactly homophobe-- one of the leaders of the Alt Right group is Milo Yiannopoulos and the former editor of Breitbart who took over after Steve Bannon left to be Trump's to strategy officer. Milo is a overt gay who flaunts it. After making remarks that pedophiles can help young gays find their way he was taken off the agenda of the CPAC conference http://cpac.conservative.org and he also lost a book deal. He previously appeared in Berkeley where violence broke out. Not all of the Alt Right are racist or white nationalists or supremacists, but it is often hard to tell from what they say. It is true if you take the mix of people involved that they do involve as a group all the things mentioned, but they are not the only people who support Trump. A few Alt Right people are in the cabinet-- Bannon, Steve Miller, and Jeff Sessions but they may not support every branch of the Alt Right tree.
Good for you! I hope you didn't stare rudely the first time. I wasn't born and raised in Boulder. I grew up in a city that was only one third white when I left. But I'll admit that I never took a black history class in college, otherwise surely I would have learned the true definition of "uppity" and "keeping their place".  Your comment is weird.
And a pattern of reacting defensively to articles written about racism, which do not portray all white people as racist reveals other types of assumptions.
You haven't done your due diligence on this issue, Outsider. Those vouchers would not pay the full costs of the "better" schools, nor the transportation costs for children to commute out of inner city neighborhoods. Racial segregation would be worse, and inner city schools would suffer more. Education quality would suffer generally with the elimination of union representation in voucher schools leading to lower compensation for teachers, but the perceived upside for most white families with average or better incomes would be a segregated setting for their children, not necessarily a better education. In general at this time, private schools don't produce good results for a number of reasons. Many of those schools are a scam. Those that produce better results do it by kicking out underperforming kids. This is so well known that you have no excuse for ignorance. This has everything to do with race. Inner city blacks are trapped in poor neighborhoods with underfunded schools.
You must be joking, not that I personally find your statement amusing. Examine the photographs from various sources. The white nationalists came in riot gear, complete with shields and pepper spray. A group calling themselves "the Militia" came armed with guns and military style clothing. They intended to provoke a violent response and they did.It isn't apparent which side started the violence but it is apparent that is what the KKK and Nazis came prepared for and intended from the outset.
You actually have the answer. It's knowledge. Knowledge creates wealth and many other opportunities. The people who build and maintain wealth, know how to do it. In fact more than anything else, knowledge is the means to production. You can have a piece of land, but if you do not know how to farm, it is useless. It is actually the biggest, and often only,  advantage some white people have. This is great, because it means that it is within the grasp of any government to improve the wealth of their people by improving their access to information. This is great also, because in today's world information is way more easily attainable. The apartheid government had to use a convoluted, long-winding education system to impart advantage to their constituents. Today, we can exponentially spread knowledge via technology. We should be concentration on spreading knowledge in any way we can to as many citizens as possible using technology to its limit.
I have better things to do than waste my time doing the homework for guys like you and ‘Raised’. Insinuating that I’m a ‘lib’ even though my voting record says otherwise just shows your bias & readiness to make very odd assumptions. I’m a vary independent voter.  You just don’t like my comment and apparently don’t want to believe anything that doesn’t fit your ideology. What is well known & has been widely published lately is that Sessions called a black attorney “boy,” suggested a white lawyer working for black clients was a race traitor, referred to civil rights groups as “un-American” & joked about the Ku Klux Klan, saying he thought they were OK until he heard they smoked marijuana. Civil rights for all US citizens is “un-American”?! If that doesn’t tell you something I don’t know what will. A leopard don’t change his spots & that stuff is no doubt just the tip if the iceberg.
There's lots of racists, on the left, on the right, in the middle. Here's an article from the Washington Post     https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/inside-the-governments-racial-bias-case-against-donald-trumps-company-and-how-he-fought-it/2016/01/23/fb90163e-bfbe-11e5-bcda-62a36b394160_story.html   "At the time the suit was filed, Trump had been thinking about veering away from his father’s ­focus on providing housing for ­lower- and middle-income residents of Brooklyn and Queens, and envisioning his future as a developer of luxury buildings for the rich in Manhattan.  But now the first thing most people were hearing about Trump was that he was being accused of discrimination."  followed a few paragraphs later by:  “What we didn’t do was rent to welfare cases, white or black,” Trump wrote in his 1987 autobiography. “I’d rather fight than fold, because as soon as you fold once, you get the reputation of being a folder.”
Contrary to the headline, we don't keep looking away. White Canadians really do want to rip the lid off the dirty secrets of what goes on, on the reserves and hold the miscreant chiefs and nepotistic band councils to justice,. But we are told that would be racist. We are scolded by native isolationist to mind our own business because native culture is supposedly too sacred for white man to understand. So we watch kids die and we get blamed for it, despite the fact we are forbidden to intervene.
Trump is a counterexample to white supremacy.
Slaves that were rounded up by black north Africans and sold to the white slavers. Like they still do today but you never hear about that. Ask anyone from the Sudan and they will tell you they call their country "The Hunting Ground" and they can not understand why no one is protesting what is happening today over what happened hundreds of years ago.
truth is your feelings are hurt by my reply.  its not about "white people"  its about first amendment.  if black thugs matter, why not white thugs matter or yellow thugs matter or brown thugs matter.. or any others?  why not let everyone that doesn't think like you assemble and let them do it in peace?
Tell that to the CBP agents who stopped US CITIZENS returning to the country and asked questions about their last (Muslim) names and their religious views, like Mohammed Ali's son, Mohammed, Jr. The CBP agents even demanded to see the IDs of passengers disembarking from a domestic flight which is outside their purview.  http://onemileatatime.boardingarea.com/2017/02/23/immigration-checking-ids-on-domestic-flight/  This is just the beginning of Trump carrying out Bannon's white supremacist agendas that target anyone remotely associated with Muslim countries, even if they haven't been to their countries of origin for decades.
@ Register-Guard, putting someone's name in triple parentheses is a white-supremacist means of targeting jewish people. It is hate speech. Please remove.
No, JJ. As I pointed out, you can condemn violence no matter who commits it and still condemn racism, anti-semitism and anti-Americanism and the organizations whose very mission is to remove people who are not "white" from America. Condemning Nazis ought to be the easiest political decision anyone, least of all our president, does on any given day.
Trump loves Russia and Putin. The Alt Right-- and Neo Nazis, White Supremacists and Nationalists love Russia, Putin, and the man they call "Putin's Brain"-- Russian White Nationaist Alexander Durgin. All the Alt Right, Ku Klux Klan, Neo Nazi, and white Nationalist and Supremacists and their leaders including David Duke praise Putin, Call Russia the only White Nationalist country as a model for the US, read and quote Durgin, circulate Durgin's videos, go to conferences in Russia. And fly the Russian flag (with the US and Confederate flag and Neo Nazi Symbols). And they bear Russian/syrilic tattoos. These groups just got kicked out by US internet providers, but have new sites provided by Russia. Bannon an Alt Right advocate and Stephen Miller an Alt Right advocate who worked for a leading White Nationalist and his Russian wife are big Durgin and Putin boosters.
I think that when you use phrases like "pathetic white man" you are in danger of the same kind of thinking as that which led this individual to use similar phrases on the victims.  PS when you do a "like" vote on yourself to improve its score it looks a little .....
Protest is rarely pretty.  Effective change is almost never without conflict.  The fact that players chose that time and that place and that method is absolutely correct in bringing focus to an issue most white Americans would rather not see.  That it makes people uncomfortable...good.  That's the point.  In time others will learn to see beyond their petty irks about the style of protest.  This is how it is done.  This is how it has always been done.  It is the American way.
First, let me say that I am white. Then let me say that protesting is the right if not the responsibility of us all when we see injustices being committed. My issue is the form the protests take. Athletes have a unique platform and multi-million worldwide audience. I would have liked the Golden State Warriors to have accepted the invitation to the White House and  the opportunity for a personal audience with the President to express their views in full view of America and the world. Athletes are interviewed regularly and following every event. This would be the time and place (not only, but a very good opportunity) to speak directly to the country. Just my opinion of course.
Says the person who recently posted he "see(s) nothing wrong with white supremacy".  But a little historical context to what seems to have confused you about this.  Malcolm X (rah'matullahi alayhi) pointed out that an all-black school isn't necessarily a "segregated" school--it's a school where white folks control their own all-white school and control the all-black school as well.  A "desegregated" school is one that's controlled by the people whose children are educated in it, rather than allowing their enemies to educate their children.  The generalized term is "self-determination".  Chinese seizing control of their own education system from the foreign occupiers who'd put up signs saying "no dogs or Chinese allowed" in their own capital enabled them to progress from feudalism and oxcart technology to the space-age in about 40 years.  Does the possibility frighten you?
Stephen Miller attacks Statue of Liberty poem, echoing popular white nationalist talking point Online racists celebrated Miller’s performance.
There are some interesting numbers coming out of the NY Times post election exit polling. All those who want to claim it was racist white people who elected trump need to look again! Trump only carried 1% more of the White vote than did Romney in 2012 however he received 7% more of the Black vote, 8% more of the Latino vote, and 11% more of the Asian vote. So in reality it was non-White Americans who gave Trump the edge over Crooked Hillary. Uh oh, that doesn't play into the left's narrative though....  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhUXSX3ZnpE http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/politics/election-exit-polls.html?_r=0
It's not "white supremacist" to enforce the thousands of laws on the books protecting our borders and prosecuting illegal entry into our sovereign country, and you're evil for declaring that it is.  Children who are exploited by others to illegally gain entry to our country should be fed, taken care of, and reunited with their family in their native countries-- none of that has anything to do with your bigoted comment and evidence-free declarations of racism.
It is the death knell of a corporation to adopt  socialist orthodoxy. By internalizing the policies of SJW chic, the best interests of the company are put at risk. Do they believe they are too big to fail? They most certainly are not. But I suspect they are doing this as part of their obligatory  public bravado. . Behind the scenes they are just as happy to have armies of Summa Cum Laude 4.0 Stanford engineering graduate white guys do the work instead of graduates from Evergreen College.
Trump caves, lol Trump condemned "All" Racial and Hate Groups Democrats condemns the White Man
If I somehow read the word "bitches "incorrectly then I am happy to take responsibility for that. What WAS the word on your sign after NAACP if it did not say "bitches"?  I did not see "no KKK" on your sign but you were moving around so much I may have missed it.    So what exactly is your stance then, Bill? It was clear that you were very angry yesterday. It was clear that your desire was to shut down the protest, but if you are against the KKK, then why would you want to work against a protest against white supremacy?  Please explain? I have an open heart and am interested in why you chose to be so antagonistic yesterday. What is it that you are fighting for?
"The Civil War was, in fact, an insurrection originally based on states’ rights." This statement is politically incorrect and should be removed lest Kalhe and the RG be accused of white supremacy.
Of course Hillary lost,  in part, due to misogyny. The haters will use it was "her personality" which is code for being a female.  Just like the white, male slave owners, they will fight to the death to preserve their male privilege.
Are you really saying it's only fair that today it gives free publicity to someone who regularly posts accolades to the superiority of white people and chuckles over prospects that someone might assassinate an MP?
An offer to build a ballroom, or a complaint about having to feed "someone like the Chinese" in a tent, have nothing to do with the subject of Jane's letter (renaming the White House), or my comment. Try to stay on topic.
Now here is an example of what I consider to be racist. Rapper XXXTentacion (sounds like a true young blooded American name), produced a music video featuring a White boy being lynched on a stage as a Black boy looks on. The child's feet twitch then suddenly stop. Now that IMO is racist. Do you agree?
In South Africa or here? From your post: "...most of the countries under it's tutelage fell back into Violent Tribalism." Let's see...India, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia, New Zealand, etc. were all colonized at one time and seem to be doing well in spite of your claim of violent tribalism. America is falling back under neo-nazis/white supremacists ugly attempts to divide the country and I don't think the British want us back.
More left wing whiney drivel from the globe and mail. P.s there are plenty of born and raise Canadians with fair white skin that get treated rudely by restaurant hostesses.
It's simple. Working means getting up and going to work, buying real work clothes, maybe a hammer, actually doing something that is hard, hot, time consuming. Easier to lay around the crib screwing the bitches, doing dope, playing video games, and cashing the handout check. Blacks get paid more not to work than whites. If these millennial twit economists ever held real jobs that required real work they would understand.
Actually, his being a Hero would mean that he HAS gone to prison and HAS knocked up 10 different women. Super Hero if they were white.
"... the issue that initially prompted white nationalists to gather in anger this weekend in Charlottesville over removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee."  I probably would have appeared at that gathering, but I'm not a white nationalist, nor am I angry. I just don't like the purification of history, the dismissal of great things that Lee accomplished, and the punishment to Lee for believing in things that were fairly mainstream at the time.
It is ironic that the opiate over dose epidemic is hitting poorly educated rural white folks the hardest. Republicans don't care about the welfare of their base, much less the rest of us. Of course, their base is comfortable voting against their self interest and the folks they elect know it. Drug treatment is healthcare. They don't seem to mind that their base is the only demographic dying younger. They are dying from their life choices.
No, no extremists--unless you mean the early Chinese immigrants who refused to cut off their cueues and put on western pants and lace up western shoes. Or because they worked cheaper and lived on less than whites. That was enough to make some people a lot MORE than simply "concerned" about the Chinese.   that was enough that Canada put a "head tax" on them to discourage them from coming (like BC's recent 15% foreign-owner tax it didn't do that,  although--like that 15% foreign owner tax--it sure enriched government coffers.) Immigration finally slowed after the 1923 Chinese Immigration Act.  If you weren't a student, diplomat or businessman, you couldn't immigrate.   The rationale was obvious: "...the press claimed that Chinese immigration was rising, even though many arrivals were merely returning from visits home, it hinted at illegal immigration...British Columbians thought that theirs should be a white man's country..." (Source: White Man's Province, Patricia E. Roy, 1989)
All ethics are situational? You mean like Trump supporters so desperate to normalize him, they take the morally indefensible  position of aligning with white supremacists, Klansman and Neo-Nazis, just to pretend celebrating those who wanted to preserve slavery is a noble cause.
Your 'point' is imaginary.  Again.  Leaked Chats Show White Nationalists Planned Use Of Brutal Force In C'Ville
I'm not a public figure, and psst...this is a make believe world,   But it would be fascinating to run a "survey" of Americans...what percent of even black social activists (and trendy white SJW progressives) know that MLK wasn't his real legal name?
What's next ? the horrors of forcing nation women to have Tubal ligations done against their will  by racist genocidal white doctors. That's the next big scandal being set up for millions in compensation. Even though all evidence tells us they accepted the procedure, that won't matter.
action speaks louder than words, in some instances trump has denounced racism and bigotry but in other instances he appears to favor it.  he has been slow to denounce racism and bigotry groups, such as the kkk, neo-nazii's etc.  his prior actions in life and rhetoric during the campaign clearly shows his favor of white supremacist.  in reality he is also one.  his campaign slogan make America great again, is really make America white again.  but in reality he is making America worse, condemning minorities, muslims, women, lgbtq, etc.  he wants do divide America, he has not reached out to minorities.  he only goes to areas to campaign who supported him, he does not go the areas who did not support him and try unite them with the rest of his white America.  he claim that he will help the blacks in inner cities to give the job, better education and housing.  he had not absolutely nothing yet and likely will not.  he just lies and lies.  not to be trusted.
These white males stole the country from the indigenous peoples who had inhabited it for thousands of years. They committed genocide upon them and enslaved them. They did everything they could to destroy native cultures and languages. They kidnapped native children from their parents. Then they dragged kidnapped Africans over, thousands of whom died in the crossing, and sold them at auction like animals. They enslaved them, raped them, beat them, and killed them with impunity. These white males who were the creators of such 'prosperity' did so upon the backs and the dead bodies and the stolen land of the native peoples and imported slaves. They were not any type of 'Christians' that Jesus would have recognized. They were not even 'good' people. I wonder what God thinks of their 'prosperity'.
You racist in the 20th percentile are always confusing things. The corrected and factual statement is that blacks are convicted and imprisoned 6X more often than whites. The rest of the comment is uneducated race baiting.
Critical Reader if you actually took the time to listen to what Trump said he clearly denounced the nazi white extremists.  Why wont anyone critize Antifa??? They showed up armed ready to fight... They burned down a university... They burned down a limo at the inaguration... Why do George Soros groups that are definetly extreme get a pass for violence???  Why do you think the statues were there to begin with  ah maybe to ensure we never made the same mistakes again that led to civil war or doing horrible things like slavery...  Tearing down these statues is rewriting history seems to be a playbook from isis
If Trump wants to disavow the white nationalists (lets call alt-right what they really are) then he needs to get them out of his administration.
Exactly, white men are so oppressed! (Does my sarcasm font show up on this webpage?)
States' rights take second place when the question is one of social justice.  Otherwise, there'd still be separate white and "cullud" bathrooms across the South because white men felt inferior and white women thought black women smelled funny.  But that ain't how America rolls.
Simple possible solution. Why don't we adopt the racist way of categorising things? For peoples, the racist have five colour categories where you are either: white, black, brown, yellow and red. For male names, respectfully, in the same aforementioned order: John, Singh, Wong and Running Bear--JSWRB.  There. Problem solved.
OK, thanks for your support but you need to widen the lense a bit. The DA has just about an equal number of white and black supporters and can boast to be the most racially diverse political organisation, which I am proud to support for this factor alone. The DA governs well and has hardly any negative baggage. More and more black safricans will make their mark against Mmusi's DA, and is the only hope for a prosperous and successful South Africa.
Well aren't you special! A little white enclave. Do they follow you around all day?
Canada is not diverse.. Its mostly white with some asians..
Leaked Chats Show White Nationalists Planned Use Of Brutal Force In C'Ville
As a middle-aged white guy fast approaching that age, I'm thrilled to see that I, too, have a right to be hurt, insulted and demeaned by meaningless, harmless comments from other people. We were starting to feel left out. Old white lives matter! Or do we have to come up with our own slogan? What's a Twitter?
.  "The Proud Boys"  --  How to describe these guys?  Doofusses? (Doofi?)  Embittered white males tortured by their loss of privilege and lashing out at their perceived enemies?  Refugees from the 1950s?  Obsolete at 25 years of age?  Whatever, they are classic fodder for the far right/white supremacist/alt right/nationalist fringe.  Crushed that simply being male turned out to be not enough to put them at the front of the gravy train, stuck in dead-end, no-hope careers while they watch women(!) and immigrants who were smart enough and hard-working enough to educate themselves for the 21st century cruise past them in the line, they dress themselves in their prejudices and expect to be taken seriously by anyone other than their similarly self-burdened brethren.  Let them march around with their little uniforms, their smaller ideology and their non-existent self-respect.  They are their own punishment for their own failures.  .
Learn how to make finer distinctions. The white supremacists are very different than BLM, as they deliberately act in conformity with the KKK, which, historically, was a group whose impetus was to maintain racism and whose methods were violent. BLM is not promoting racism. In fact, their impetus is the exact opposite.   Police are violent. Shouldn't they be condemned? We have a military with all sorts of deadly weapons. Isn't that evidence of impending terrorism? If not, why not? See if you can distinguish different instances of violence.
Great idea! but wait until SJW's realize that Irish people are white. Then the protests will begin.
I think this foray into SJW will end badly for the G&M.  'Quality journalism' as presented above is racist and puts their bias on display.  I'm glad that the G&M brings attention to what the government indoctrination wing is doing in the 'schools', but to report it with the slant that white folk do indeed need to feel guilty is going to be costly.
I don't watch MSNBC, Fox News, or any other cable news channel. I look at the whole picture and find out why some people do some things. From what I see about the BLM, I see a protest against injustice against the black people who have been targeted by some white police officers, identical to the civil rights protests of the 1960s in the South. when they too were targeted by white police officers. I don't know how old you are, but I lived through that decade and sided with the protestors after they were attacked by the police and white Southerners. If you had lived through that decade, would you also attack the black protestors and their white supporters?
it would appear that blacks tend to get longer sentences than whites. Where is the reporting press on this issue?
garycrum - Oh, the guilt you must feel.    Ad hominems always reassure me that I'm on the winning team.  You don't know my intentions any more than I know yours.  Your definition of "rude" obviously means anything that disagrees with your PC narrative.  Chew on this...... “The point I was making was not that my grandmother harbors any racial animosity, but that she is a typical white person. If she sees somebody on the street that she doesn’t know (pause) there’s a reaction in her that doesn’t go away and it comes out in the wrong way.”  -  Barack Obama throwing his white grandma under the bus.  Can you imagine the political firestorm if Donald Trump used the term:  "typical black person"?   You'd be on him like Old Yeller on meatballs.    Have a great day!
Once you accept the faulty thesis that Canada is 'too white' and needs more diversity, then the flood of illegal migrants will never end. Keep in mind: the world has a population boom right now and most of that is occurring in the most failed states on the planet. These are people and cultures that have never created peace and prosperity in their entire histories. Why would relocating them to Canada be any benefit to Canada? Especially, when you look at the experience to date since the late 1990s, with ghettos and gang violence where there was none before.
Both of your comments are excellent Kevin.  MSW is apparently blind to his own tendencies to engage in zero sum politics.  After all, it's not like the 'white working class' doesn't have their share of LGBT folks amongst their ranks.    I'm a bit confused as to why it's better to sell your economic future to a narcissist out of a sense of personal racial insecurity, than to accept a slower economic turn around in the hope of a more equal society for all.
Here's a rundown from your favorite newspaper: "Many if not most Americans had never heard of Bannon before this weekend, and for good reason: He has kept a low profile, even after taking over Mr. Trump’s campaign in August. Before that, he worked as the executive chairman of the Breitbart News Network, parent company of the far-right website Breitbart News, which under Mr. Bannon became what the Southern Poverty Law Center has called a “white ethno-nationalist propaganda mill.”  "Mr. Bannon himself seems fine with that description, telling Mother Jones last summer that Breitbart was now “the platform for the alt-right,” a loosely organized group of mostly young men who believe in white supremacy; oppose immigration, feminism and multiculturalism; and delight in harassing Jews, Muslims and other vulnerable groups by spewing shocking insults on social media." https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/15/opinion/turn-on-the-hate-steve-bannon-at-the-white-house.html?_r=0  Your kind of guy, eh Lars?
Well, let's see - you missed his point......studies now indicate that a majority of Catholics voted for Clinton.  But, when you break out voting results by race, white Catholics voted for Trump more often than Clinton.  So, MSW, inserts a question about catholic vote and race.  Some would say that the question about racism/equality was settled more than 150 years ago....but, the question about abortion (which, by the way, is legal in the US) and whether life begins at *conception* is not a settled matter.  You equate the two issues - but, they are vastly different in US law.....your simplistic *dig* is an example of poor judgment, analysis, and your own ideological false opinion.  Some conservatives do equate the two issues but then leave out other significant life issues - climate change, gun control, universal healthcare, death penalty, living/family wage, affordable housing, etc.  Single issue voting really is not what catholic social justice is about.  Sad!
Indeed, it appears that Conservative Christians  have come together.    Right wing Catholics and Protestants put aside their faith to  overwhelmingly support Trump whose entire life has been the antithesis of Christian virtue.    White Evangelicals  gave him 81 percent of their vote and  Mormons were close behind at 61 percent.  He  garnered 56 percent of the White Catholic vote.    Who could have imagined just a few year ago that  so many Christians would support someone who is essentially a pagan.
No bud I get your point. I'm not a "white supremacist", grew up in Zamboanga City, you even know where that is? Went to school, got a job and moved on up.  When I go back to the barrio I get the same stuff from kids like you that I left behind long ago.  All you know is ilk and attitude. Talk about being here on vacation, some people's whole life is a vacation from the real world.  Drink, drugs, vape and talking trash. Enjoy your life, I earned mine and I love it.
Which one? Does not matter really because there were far more republicans voting for each than democrats. In any case, I don't think that any of the Civil Rights Acts destroyed black families. There were lots of reasons for the destruction of families, both black and white, not just one reason.
I guess this particular DI separated his 'whites' before using the dryer.....
I suppose I'm not surprised literalists are literal. The fact is Trump has a history of racism, dog-whistled to racists throughout his campaign, and is poised to appoint a white supremacist as Chief of Staff.  Perhaps it is you who should start to get a clue.
ok Rich Mole, next time maybe Prsident Trump can call you and ask what word he should use. are you kidding me. I heard Obama after muslims raped 12 girls in England say there is no place for that in society. Why didn't he use the word abhor the muslims. Trumps words and I will repeat exactly his words. Trump said the KKK, white supremacist, neo nazis are repugnant and have no place in America. A 3 year old could understand that. whats the confusion, would you rather he say the KKK are wonderful? Only Hilary Clinton who's mentor was a KKK leader (Robert Byrd) would talk like that.
Of everything I read in the entire article, the next to last paragraph: "One of his pet causes is cutting spending..." is the most encouraging.  That's what's important to me...not his religious beliefs...not his skin color.  Story should be about the best candidate being elected. The thoroughly corrupt ARP needs a house cleaning.  David Wilson and David Eastman are hopefully two steps in that direction.    It's sad, ADN (like the rest of the MSM) wants to spin any "racism" angle they can get away with.  So a kid stares at you.  Big deal. Sounds like Mr. Wilson got over it.  Perhaps the ADN should as well.    Every adverse event or failure in life isn't due to your skin color.  Unfortunately, it's EXACTLY what's being inculcated into a generation of "minorities" by Regressives and echoed in the MSM.   Here's a "black guy", just elected by lily-white Republicans (consistently labeled as racist by the MSM) in a district < 2% "black".  Better sweep this one under the rug quickly.
I guess I disagree on what ANTIFA is and its history, and their role in what we are seeing in regards to white supremacists.
Check your reading comprehension. They are recognizing Black soldiers SPECIFICALLY because they SPECIFICALLY were treated poorly, under worse conditions than white soldiers, with less resources to do the same job. Soldiers built the highway. Soldiers of colour experienced VERY different conditions and treatment, and they are being recognized for that.   There, I broke it down for you so you don't even have to read a book or try to learn anything on your own!
Not a young girl. She's 53. Why are people coming forward about 20 and 30 year old abuse in the British House of Commons, in the state house of Olympia WA, in show business both in NYC and LA.  She came forward because she felt she would not be destroyed. The reality is that this type of abuse is widespread- but our judge here stands out. We are judged by our own standards. If someone comes and says they a crusader for equal rights and belongs to an all white country club, that's a problem. Here;s a man that was all about the bible. He's not going to come out of this looking so good.
Trump accused the counter-protesters of not having a permit to hold their demonstration!! The question that I have is why did the City grant a permit to a group of Nazi's  and white supremacists to have a hate rally in the first place???? And where was THEIR permit when they stormed through the University campus carrying torches and shouting racist slogans? Trump seems to have a selective take on these events.
To answer Doyle's question - it won't be a white guy - not de rigueur !
That last statement has some truth and some misleading information in it.   Statistically if you are white you are most likely to be murdered by a white person if you are black you are most likely to be murdered by a black person.    The odds are that you will know the person that murdered you but that doesn't mean that they are family as so many jump to the conclusion on that statement.   Most people know their friends family AND enemies.   Very few murders are committed by strangers, some small percent by friends a slightly larger amount by family and a huge amount by enemies.   If you don't think Joe Crip doesn't know Billy Blood and that wouldn't be counted as a murder where the two knew each other.... I have some nice ocean beachfront property here in Denver for sale.
Why should the trains work if everything else is failing?  It's easy to judge commuters, especially if you're a whitey who gets around by car. Your own car.   Frustration amongs people who use public transport daily, and that's including taxis (the bains of our roads) and the hopelessly outdated golden arrow busses, must be very high. I can see myself setting a thing or two alight, given the circumstances.
Let's face it. Putting a white supremacist with the history he has in charge of this signals that this "commission" is about suppressing the vote and nothing else.
That poll measured his  approval over McConnell's- not overall. The overall polling seems  to show his base appears to be slipping (from 82% to 79%) among his base. But we know about polls- and maybe his base IS mostly White Supremacists. Who knows? You may- I certainly don't.
I've been reading your posts for many years, James, but this perhaps is the worst ever. It's too bad, because you do have flashes of rationality, unlike many of the mouth breathing deplorables posting here, and you have the courage to sign your posts.  In England, public hangings used to be a penalty for thieves and pickpockets loved them because the attendees would be distracted by the spectacle, making it easier to steal from them.   Do you know who Billy Bailey was?   Barton Kingman? His final thoughts: "I may get shook up at the last minute, but I don't think so."  How about Eugene LaMoore? There was no evidence against him except a "confession" he was pressured to sign by an attorney who typed it up and whom he thought was there to help him. He retracted it subsequently. It took him 13 minutes to die at the end of a rope.  Alaska used hanging as a death penalty.  The last white person to be executed in Alaska died in 1903, though numerous Natives and blacks were subsequently hung.
Was he right, even if politically incorrect (I'm not a fan of politically correct, the practice fails to account for the need to confront the Ridiculous Recidivist Right in ways they might understand)?  And what's your point?  That Reid speaks his mind, is right more often than not and can be trusted with the launch codes?  It also says something about the American voter.  I figured in 2008 that we'd be more willing to elect a black man over a white women.  It may also say something about Hillary Clinton as a candidate.  I consider her the best qualified current candidate to hold the office but it's very hard to like her.  As I don't vote on likability it doesn't matter.  I always thought I'd like Bush if I ran into him in a bar and we downed a few while having a nice chat.  I'd still hate his politics though.
I survived the Jim Crow days and I'll survive Trump. I don't hold much hope for the poorly educated rubes that elected Trump though. They will have to be happy watching the police kill unarmed minorities on the evening news. He has never cared about fly over country where most of them live. About 80% of their job loses are do to automation. Being poorly educated is not a good plan. Being ignorant about facts in general is no way to live in the 21st century. Most of the folks that elected him, care more about being white than being Americans. The GOP is the preferred party of white supremacists. Just ask them. Trump made it okay for them to be in the public with their guns, fear, and hate. They have websites explaining why they like Trump. He is their guy. Don't take my word for, ask David Duke and Steve Bannon. They are not shy.
The Question is: "How long will the Americans tolerate Trump and his "Merry Racist White Men".  Having Uncle Ben Carson & Queen Omarosa on the payroll is not exactly being "Inclusive".
As much as you want me to be, I'm not an apologist for islam, although I am a proponent of tolerance.  I realize that's a foreign concept for you.  I don't know about stories on your favourite city Rotherham, but the Globe has published many stories on genital mutilation and on sexual assaults in Sweden.  I think your problem is that the Globe doesn't assume that the million peaceful muslims in Canada partake in either.  It's hardly surprising that you can't bring yourself to post anything negative about the 'donor' this article is about - not about his white supremacy, nor about his exhortations to violence.
We dont know the true past because of the revisionist activism by academics and politicians........their version of it is pure PC fluff and white guilt.    No thanks......and quite indoctrinating our children with the bs.
You can't blame the PGA golfers entirely.  Once on the tour, the players are constantly exposed to an army of bloated overpaid white guys who confuse a good-old-boys  prejudice against blacks, the poor and immigrants, for a philosophical stance.   I  mean, all the young golfer wants to do is golf and all he hears in the clubhouse is the vile invective of the smug 1%.   No wonder they turn into Phil Mickleson.   And  have you checked out the crowd at a PGA match lately?  Nope, certainly not a cross section of America.
They are patriots, the media is calling them all those nasty things because they don't want to deal with the fact that a large section of the population views this 3rd world immigration invasion as a ploy to exterminate white people, I have heard lot's of educated and wealthy people talk just the same in private. The media is again trying to force a fake reality on top of what is really happening.
Donnie Dump couldn't get elected either if it weren't for white supremacists, eighth grade dropouts , and gun nuts.
A lot  of media, but not all, is saying "Don't support White Supremacy, or permit slavery and protection and  perpetuation of slavery to be aggrandized."  And, the effect of that is that there is "animosity" toward White Supremacists, slavery advocates, and the aggrandizers of the protection and perpetuation of slavery.  Is that the "media driven animosity" you refer to, JSwr?  Are you really tying to compare the oppostion to that sort  of thing to Hitler?    That's like accusing those protesting a murder, of being equal to the murderer.  Like accusing those opposed to child molesting, of being child molesters.  Like accusing those opposed to racism, of being racist. . . . wait. . . I guess you are saying that.
The term 'white supremacy' has a redundancy. There is no need to use 'white' because only whites, European Christian whites, in particular exhibit racist supremacy. No other race in the world has it.   While slavery has been a paramount practice of white Europeans, it is they who turned it into an epic crime of trade - the Slave Trade of the 17th -19th centuries. Millions of black Africans died, millions more shipped to become lifetime slaves of white man in the New World. The profit was most handsome.  This white man holy war on Blacks reflect on today holy war on Islamic lands, the latest round started by America in the 80's. The motive same - money and power (oil, US dollar supremacy, control of Middle East on behalf of Israel).   But there is a difference - there were no retaliation from the black man, or from Africa for the white man's biggest rape of the human race. But this is the 21st century, era of globalization, communications, knowledge. Nobody will take it anymore.
Putting your uncles aside, today we have people who think that whites are superior to ther races. And we have people who disagree. Tell us which group you think is right.
"white supremacists permission to exhibit their Nazi salutes and anti-Semitism" is guaranteed by the First Amendment to the US Constitution and has been defended hundreds of times by the ACLU.  In Germany, it is illegal to display a swastika or to deny the Holocaust.  I prefer out system; you are free to move to Germany if you prefer theirs.
Hmph, I'm an aging white rapper that isn't taken seriously any more. How can I make myself relevant again? Oh, I'll attack Donald Trump.
Good heavens, Icon.  You've got it exactly backwards; the vast majority of white people have NOTHING to gain by recognizing the existence of white privilege. THAT is the problem.    And that's why the GOP has been so successful in reaching white voters: they protect white folks against the realization that white supremacy has always been the norm in American life.  As somebody said on here the other day (roughly) "To a privileged caste, equality looks like oppression."
Great idea. Few stories are more inspiring than a white guy who overcomes generations of hate and prejudice to take his rightful place among the genteel classes of early Eugene society.   Lots to be learned from a story like that.
No, thank goodness we're not in the 1950s anymore regarding racism.  However, the White supremacists/White nationalists who use the Confederate flag as their symbol would certainly like us to return to those days.  The Swastika clearly represents exactly what we "liberal zealots claim it represents."  Today the Confederate flag just as clearly represents what we "liberal zealots" claim it represents.  If you think otherwise, google a few pictures of White supremacist parades and demonstrations and see them proudly waving it.  Gary Crum
Anyone who votes for Trump and supports the Muslim Ban is going to be accused of racism.  That is just the way things roll.  That is why people voted for Trump because of this. They don't particularly like Middle Easterners among other brown skin foreigners and want them kicked out of the country.  I personally grew up in a conservative area and know multiple people who voted for Trump for that reason.    And yes Bannon is an open bigot.  Dude is a white nationalist who has aides who have worked with people who espouse the separation of the races like Stephen Miller does and who have associated with neo-Nazi European parties like Sebastian Gorka.
To watch and listen to Trump supporters, in places like Yuma, is frightening at to how ignorant Americans can be of their own peril. The racisim, that because a white male republican (sort of) is in the oval office...and the abject distain for the Obama administration reflects a deep root racism bent. Trump is going to completely is taking America down a dangerous road.
"He said dogma guided the country's founders, who believed citizens should practice "their faith freely and without apology."  No to the first part of that but yes to the second. The founding fathers were mostly Enlightenment Age rationalists who were deists at best. To say that religious dogma guided them borders on untruth. In shaping a new republic they were guided by the fundamental principle of the separation between church and state, i.e. that no church would ever dictate law.  As for the (faux) outrage at Senator Feinstein's questions, since when have legitimate questions about anything having to do with a candidate's belief system been out of bounds when judicial nominees undergo questioning? Things have certainly changed since the days when JFK went out of his way to assure WASP voters that Rome would never guide his actions as president and U.S. bishops were as quiet as a bunch of church mice in their eager determination to get a Catholic in the White House.
The source referenced NBC & BBC reports. Read them - neither are conservative by any stretch of the imagination.  More?  from LATimes -  "Washington Post reporter Joe Heim: “Counter-protesters fought back, also swinging sticks, punching and spraying chemicals. Others threw balloons filled with paint or ink at the white nationalists. Everywhere, it seemed violence was exploding. The police did not move to break up the fights.” UVA student Isabella Ciambotti: “I was on Market Street around 11:30 a.m. when a counter-protester ripped a newspaper stand off the sidewalk and threw it at alt-right protesters. I saw another man from the white supremacist crowd being chased and beaten. People were hitting him with their signs. A much older man, also with the alt-right group, got pushed to the ground in the commotion. Someone raised a stick over his head and beat the man with it, and that’s when I screamed and ran over with several other strangers to help him to his feet.”  Yes-more info needed.
That's manini compared to the killings in Chicago since Jan. 2017: "Since January 1, 2017, there have been 233 murders and more than 1,300 shooting victims in Chicago."  Here's another fact, since TheDonald took office, homicides have declined in Chicago  I'll change my assumption and say Trump reallocated the funds in question to the Inner City Crimes that is the Big Issue in the US.  <--- that's to counter your assumption he took the funds away from the White terrorist Grant so it won't diminish his voting base.
I will be happy and am honored to reply. I am Alaska Native and I think most of the commenters on these pages know that by now. At 74-years-of age, and an old time newspaper reporter who always told the truth, I still want to believe people do likewise. I am however, smart enough to know by now white folks have practiced the privilege of lying at every opportunity since the birth of this wretched nation. What say ye?
If Darvish was black, and Gurriel was white, would the suspension still be imposed next year?
You wrote:  <<The very name of the organization is an affront to whites..>>  Nothing short of willful ignorance. Historically, have white lives not mattered in the USA? Why no, white supremacy defined the social order. Have black lives not mattered in the USA? Um, yes.
It seems Mr. Northrup wants to enjoy his white privilege without any repercussions from African Americans or other people of color. He doesn't seem to realize that people who are oppressed simply because of the color of their skin might rebel, and that it might manifest as confrontation and/or retaliation from time to time. That, actually, is pretty understandable.  If he doesn't like being graced with white privilege because he was born white in a country dominated and controlled by and mainly for white people, I'd like to ask him if he would gladly trade places with a black person.  Lane County is almost 83% white, so it's somewhat rare that acts of discrimination against minorities occur, just by virtue of proportionality, but it definitely happens. Visit the deep south or any large US city and you’ll have no problem witnessing it firsthand.  Also, the mention that there are no scholarships just for being white-that’s a lie. Take a look at this: http://tinyurl.com/6flbh6v
first, any mother of any colour who shows a video of a man dying to educate them should have social services called out to their door and a file opened on emotional abuse.  How can any mother do that?   Second, all this talk about race.  It is never ending.  It is my contention that most people don't care a fig about race, and it is only those who have something to gain that continually point it out.  If you are going to continue to hammer us about race, please do so and include the racism that exists in all colours.  The militant style aggression of the BLM group at Ryerson that demanded, and received a profs resignation simply for leaving a meeting is a good place to start.  I for one am starting to feel like whites really are the cause of all the problems in the world.  What a refreshing change it would be to hear someone say that it's time to stop mentioning race, because all it does is perpetuate racism.  Guess I just said it!
"Except for the racial element" --- my friend, you just answered why your point is incorrect about my thoughts pertaining to the 1%. And, being a Right-winger, you can't claim anything related to anti-Semitism, considering that Donnie Moscow has inspired the white knights to claim that Jews and other religions—along with many ethnicities—do not belong in white America..."  Well... okay... I'm just going to tip-toe away before this madness becomes uncontrollable.   Donnie Moscow sends his love.
Yes, it can get exhausting. Just leaving my house can be an adventure, to put it politely. My white, native Oregonian, wife has noticed that I have many weird experiences just going to Fred Meyers. People have even thrown produce at me. My personal space is not private once I leave my house. I am not treated as an individual. That is a white privilege. I get profiled for just being present.
I disagree with some of this article. It used to be that immigrants came here to make a better life than staying put. They worked hard at becoming people who would build Canada and none celebrated where they came from. What you do at your home or at your social clubs is fine, but any action that celebrates everything you moved away from is not building Canada. Everybody now seems to believe that Canadian's tolerance means they can make little groups to continue values that are not Canadian. It is time these things get discussed without feeling that opposing anything relating to colour, race and religion is something taboo. People you may not know this, but to discuss these issues is not to be against the law. Look at the historic issues and you will find locals were involved as well, or the violence in most of the countries that generate the complaints are very much more violent and show total intolerance. The whites that so many seem to blame for everything are not here today.
Yes, let's let them have it. What other choice do we have? Now that we have a white racist headed to the Whitehouse to replace the black man I guess all of the talk about 2nd Amendment remedies can stop huh?
After 50 years of criminal activity, one would think that the BFF(big fat fraud) in the White House would have been capable of a better defense for his precious offspring, Uday. Apparently, he's not even so good at lying any more; the capacity to misdirect failed only 6 months after he lost the ability to maintain an erection.  Maybe he can get a Cialis-for-the-Bullcrap prescription.
While I don't doubt Haycox's account, another reason there were no treaties with Alaska Natives was that Alaska was never subject to the land hunger that characterized white attitudes in the Lower 48, where from the 17th century on conflicts between Indians and westward-migrating settlers were commonplace.  The treaties were largely stopgap measures to neutralize one or another tribe that the Europeans found inconvenient.  Alaska had no Indian Wars.  If we had, Alaska Natives would have had treaties, too.
It's 82% of white homicides committed by other whites, not 90%.  But here's the difference. Blacks are only 17% of the population; whites are about 64%.  The number of homicides in the two groups pretty close to the same - whites' are higher, but not by a lot -- which means blacks are killing their own about five times more often than whites as a percentage of population.  Which makes it a significantly bigger problem for blacks.  It has a lot to do with drug dealing and gang activity.  Most of the victims are criminals themselves.
And I well remember most of those prosecutions being set aside.   A bunch of Democrat holdovers in the USDOJ/PIS wanted Ted and Ben Stevens; they REALLY wanted Ben and thought they could hold his dad hostage and Ben would give up.   They had Bill Allen by the short and curlies with the jailbait issues and he'd have said anything to satisfy them.   I'm not going to say they were good guys but anything that happened in Rm. 504 wouldn't have been noticed anywhere else in the Country.   It is telling that they took it to a DC jury where you could sentence a white Republican to death for being a white Republican.   Fortunately, an honest federal judge threw most of it out.   You read this rag too much.
Didn't you hear racism is fine as long as its done against white people only.
Keaukaha is very smart and sees clearly what is goign on.  He was not duped by Trump's phony charm and TV entertainment while he planned along to enrich the already rich.  Poor whites get nothing as usual.
It goes to anger and hatred.  Which stem, in no-small part, from our two-party political system, which divides our society into 2, and that division forces a lot of us into one "camp" or the other.  It then becomes conservatives vs. liberals, gun lovers vs. gun haters, black vs. white, straight vs. gay, and so on.  This division panders to the human ego, and people become convinced they must defend their fragile psyches from external attacks.  That creates the insecurity and fear that is so-often reflected, even in the comments on this site.
While I may agree that Richard can, at times, be a bit overdone on his use of certain hyperbole, I have to also say that in some regards, he does have a point. He does not describe all black Americans as thugs. He describes those that commit the crimes and a number of the BLM members who actually do refuse to listen reason or facts and who say they are protesting, then burn and loot the small businesses as thugs. In that, I agree with him. Most of the businesses burned and looted are ones that will actually help a neighborhood change and improve. While I do not blame Obama for the problems we are seeing, Obama has not really helped either. Neither blacks nor whites are influenced by the presidents behavior in large measure. I find it interesting that you care more about extrajudicial killings of one color rather than those of all colors. Whites are killed more frequently any other race, according to studies by Harvard and the University of Washington, whether armed or unarmed.
how is she any different from the "white" student sitting next to her? according to her logic, she as much a "colonial" as every non-Indian student in her classes.
Almost daily, dT seems to be setting new, public standards for treating women as "pleasure units", appropriate for an angry white male interested only in increasing his own wealth and power.  Stephen J. Remington
P.S.  The stakes in these situations are VERY high.  Landowners' interests (and ability to sell to developers) create friction with community interests in maintaining adequate livability for taxpayers, homeowners, existing businesses, and more.  Meanwhile, the white elephants (such as abandoned or lowest-value use of old strip malls, rental properties, etc.) present a challenge to developers, because they typically must first be demoed completely (including sewer, water, power, roadways, and even curb-cuts) prior to new construction in order to bring the parcel up to code.  Furthermore, more intensive use often warrants municipal investment beyond the site...on access roadways, arterials, in water and sewer infrastructure, and so on.  In many cases, the community  must trust the government to amass resources for infrastructure improvements and not squander the resources on other short-term needs.  This MUST be done well, but it can be done well.
Given your repeated expressions of bias and of support for BLM, I did have a very good idea of what you thought of those two incidents.  The evidence clearly pointed to self-defense in both the Martin and Brown shootings.  This did not matter to BLM.  They used it to foment violence --- the wanton burning and looting of Ferguson.  They do their best to paint whites as evil.  You support them.  Wow!  I don't know who you THINK you're talking to when you advise me to listen to David Blight.  As a conservative, I am moved by objective truth, not bigoted emotions.  I've already said that if I had been in Charlottesville, I'd have been protesting against neo-Nazis.  I've already said that I support the removal of Confederate monuments.  But the truth is, I also oppose the fascism and racism of the LEFT.  They stoke racial division, support BLM (a hate group), and see white Americans as a generally hateful bunch who need to be reminded that black lives matter.    cont'd.
Oh he is a foul of Cramp because he knows what he is dong I don't believe that at all That guy White should be locked up for life too. You guys don't see it so open your eyes and smell the coffee ok. Chris n Ricky
Better not use "black mark" or "white hat", since they can be interpreted as racist.
BS this guy was targeting white working class people who are country western music fans. Haven't seen too many people of color in any of the available news footages.
does not meter what happens to the bill Mr.Trump will not live to tell the tail if he goes on with this form of muslimani he is putting more cross hair on American working abroad in all non Muslim countries.  he is just not going to lay down and give up he and his sidekicks will try everything to get this bill  passed even though it might cost him big time which he really does not care about just that he is right about the Muslim factor in all holly wars and there involvement in them.  he is waking up a sleeping giant in america who we call the neo nazi front and the hells angels gang and of course the white supremacist group arena nation and last but not least the Ku Klux Klan who are still alive and well doing it in the shadow as alway in Washington and in Chicago area and even in California.
And for each one of those, there a number that are, same with blacks. 238 whites vs 123 Blacks killed by police. Again, your narrative is losing ground...
We can always hope that if whites become more educated, less will be inclined to vote for trump!
If white man were to honour treaties verbatim, native would perish from neglect. It is all the stuff not included in treaties that keep natives alive.  There is nothing in treaties about clean water, electricity, jobs, TV,  or airports.
Funny how you think it's only possible for white men to be the "best" without question.
Time for a little education Mr Racist  1)The economy of this country is white; this group of mainly Afrikaner men control almost all the levers of our economy  What utter bull manure SA's 16 top richest people : 3 are Afrikaners, 2 are black 1 is Italian, 8 Are Jewish and 2 are English South Africans. 2)  Of the R5.8-trillion private property (excludes agrarian and commercial land) value in South Africa, blacks own township or RDP style properties. Statistics SA proves your cliams to be a lie  Africans now own about 52% of the land that households claim to own if measured by size of the property. The majority of first owned properties is African owned. Regarding second brick dwellings 94.2% of second properties are owned by Africans,  3) that receive mammoth discounts on their power  For 22 years black people have run Eskom so who's fault is this???  You sir are clearly spewing rubbish in order to create racial tensions within SA to deflect attention from your parties corruption.
Poor Spencer probably had to drive around all day to find a non-white person to threaten. What a charming lad. I hope he enjoys his stay in Salem.
You don't like non-whites?
Oh please. You're so desperate to savage Trump that you'll attack him for demolishing a building that the City of New York has knocked down in the hundreds?  Mind you, your thesis doesn't sink as low as that of a recent Globe & Mail editor. He or she stated- I'm not joking here- that Donald Trump praised a white supremacist that rejected him for letting his daughter marry a Jew.
"White people make up roughly 62 percent of the U.S. population but only about 49 percent of those who are killed by police officers. African Americans, however, account for 24 percent of those fatally shot and killed by the police despite being just 13 percent of the U.S. population. As The Post noted in a new analysis published last week, that means black Americans are 2.5 times as likely as white Americans to be shot and killed by police officers.  U.S. police officers have shot and killed the exact same number of unarmed white people as they have unarmed black people: 50 each. But because the white population is approximately five times larger than the black population, that means unarmed black Americans were five times as likely as unarmed white Americans to be shot and killed by a police officer."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?tid=pm_national_pop_b&utm_term=.4e3697865bd1
You never see conservative right wingers protesting white supremacist rallies. Why? Because they identify with them? They agree with them? Or are these white supremacists right wing conservatives? Do the math.
No researcher I, however did a rough calc of RC numbers to population in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Found stats on the percentage of Males and Males RC's who are aged 50 plus. The concluding number was plus or minus 879,000. If white catholic males aged 50 and over had voted for Clinton at the same rate as white Catholic women the resulting number is around 430,000.  The total popular vote reported differential in those three states seems to be around 107,400. In so far as my amateurish attempt has some validity "vous avez raison mon ami, peut etre".
Oh, I know what you mean. It's like, when was the last time a white person lied to the police? Never, amiright!?!
"Jesus was a white man, too ... he’s a historical figure and that’s a verifiable fact, as is Santa."  - Megyn Kelly, FoxNews  This is what white FoxNews watchers expect to hear when they tune into their safe space to hear about Wars on Christmas and boycotts of Starbucks because of the design of the cups and boycotts of Target for not wishing you "Merry Christmas" and treasonous white supremacist Confederate Flag "heritage" and welfare rancher cum guy who points guns at LEO Cliven Bundy telling Sean Hannity and the rubes what he knows about "the negro". You all get triggered by cups and seasons greetings and grazing fees and black Santas and anthems and football players who have the audacity to state that Black Lives Matter.
Black Lives Matter people are not racist or violent, snarky.   They are just trying to stop police shootings of unarmed, innocent African Americans as well as poor whites. African Americans are eight times more likely to be shot by police than whites. However, poor whites are increasingly also victims of police violence. Please use the Dogpile search engine snarky, and get some real information on Black Lives Matter instead of mindlessly watching corporate controlled FOX (Faux) News.  You are getting your misinformation from Far Right News Sites who want to get you focused on crapping on African Americans so you do not see the real problem-the U.S. has by far the greatest concentration of wealth of any developed nation.  Fueling racism is a diversion away from their wealth hogging.  Get out of your racist group and into a union.
How can our nation move on, if we are still apologizing for the past. No one living today, is responsible for what happened to the black units back in World War II. Maybe it is your white privilege to tell me that I am naïve or ignorant but you forget in your own ignorance that black soldiers only made up 33% of work force, not 100%. In all areas of service during that war, huge majority of black units were in support, supply and construction operations. They do called it "military Jim Crow", Susan. There is nothing we can do today to erase our nation's legacy on racism since it is part of our history. Live with it and understand it.. But when you overhype someone's role just because you feel guilty, then that is patronizing someone.......a racist aspect if I am not mistaken. Believe it or not, most of us minorities are quite aware of  the racial wrongs inflicted upon us. We don't need your patronizing attitude to throw us a holiday. Just make sure it don't happen again!!!
Does Trudeau even deserve credit for 'un-breaking' a promise?  He already promised the small business tax cut and until now was ostensibly not going to follow through on it.  And the irony of the gender-based measures is that we could see run on trans-gender applications, by white male CPC members!
The Democratic party is imploding; no money,  no leadership,  no plan,  just white-male phobics and apologists all around. I predict the quick demise of the Democratic Party and the Green Party will replace it as the official opposition.
Whatever the Democratic Party did or did not do to woo those elusive "white working-class voters," for all practical purposes the issue is now moot. The white working class voter is totally beholden to Donald Trump and the Republicans now.  Either they will deliver on the many promises made to that elusive constituency or they won't. Doing yet another post-mortem on Democratic failures now is tantamount to navel gazing. The only question that matters is: why did these people vote against their own economic interests?  As for Sullivan's claim that "it's forbidden to really acknowledge that the white working class, or the working class in general, are not just facing economic problems, they're facing economic apocalypse," I ask, forbidden by whom? Certainly not Democrats, whose party platforms have long championed the economic interests of the white (and black, and everything in between) working-class poor in nearly inverse manner to that of the Republicans. Sullivan needs to get a grip.
Another proof that Drumpf supports the history and culture of white supremacy.
Um... there were colored troops at dunkirk... north africans in the french army... not sure if they were on the beach but they were def in the area with the french army, trying to hold off the germans to allow evacuation... they, along with white french troops were left behind to be captured.  Did anyone do any reasearch or just assume?
I triple dare you to find where I said "absolutely proves." Dishonest on your part.  The SPLC is another straw man. They identify individuals and organizations who actively engage in hostilities and discrimination against minorities. But...if the shoe fits.  I've provided substantial, cumulative evidence to indicate Steve Bannon is a white supremacist, and you retort with a feeble analogy to Obama? Sad!
#2: might be correct, OldBannister, but not important. U.S. post-election analysis shows that the poor or underprivileged did NOT elect Trump.  They voted in big numbers for Clinton, instead.   The midde- and lower-middle class America did it for Trump.  Among Trump's biggest supporters: 54% of college educated white men; 45% of female college graduates.  (CBS news Exit Polls.)  "...the 64% of American voters who earn more than $50,000 a year, 49% chose Trump, and 47% Clinton." (the Guardian)  Republicans' "Irrational obsessions" convinced voters?  Likely not.  Many probably voted for Trump IN SPITE of racial/law and order fears. CNN money: " Trump voters told CNNMoney they want "better-paying jobs," and they believed in their gut that a billionaire businessman was their best chance to get them."  Heard much about banning Muslims or the Mexico wall this month?  Nope.  All about trade, jobs, etc.
She also said the "White House itself is full of white supremacists.”  She needs to apologize. Empty barrel IS NOT A RACIST REMARK.
Sometimes, George, people are even unaware they have a warrant due to a court misplacing docs or some other procedural error that resulted in a warrant being issued. He may not have even known he was wanted. Regardless, does 50+ days just sitting in a jail cell without so much as a preliminary hearing (for a MISDEMEANOR no less) sound like justice to you? Let me guess, you are a police and justice system apologist - "Everybody arrested must be guilty otherwise why would they be arrested?" smh  Educate yourself. The world is not black and white.
PS I like how you added up all the white mass murders and stopped there. But it doesn't end there. stop hiding behind statistics and look at the real story. American culture of Violence is the real problem.
Many conveniently and quickly and forever forget a couple of items: Most of you come from European stock. Immigrants. I welcome immigrants. Syrians even as long as they are vetted to the max. We have had enough homegrown American terrorists already, Dylann Roof being the latest. The KKK and White Nationalists should be formally labeled as terrorists. Mass shooters, especially of children are also terrorists. (Watch verbal terrorists rip me apart. LOL.)  Peace.
So, there must be a lot of old white guys.  Fareed is very insulting to any women or minorities who voted for Trump and there was a decent number of them.  Fareed still doesn't get it.  You can just feel the condescension dripping from Fareed words. He is right that there is a rebellion against people like him and  the rest of the media elite.
The Bowling Green Massacre would have never occurred had Obama not taken all the white peoples' gunz.
I have ten dollars that says Walter works in real estate or a real estate related business. The racist whistle is a red herring. You know when white, wealthy realtors or bankers start complaining of racism on someone else's  behalf something is definitely not on the up and up. Not to mention the TREB  real estate data is highly questionable based on 'voluntary surveys' with a massive self interested industry  that has proven it is not beyond disguising the truth for more money. No the TREB cannot be trusted on this one. They are not looking out for the public they are looking out for themselves.
KPMG primarily wanted to salvage their own license, reputation and business interests in the country. So they did what Mr. Rupert told them. He is after all the real white mafia godfather controlling the economy behind the scenes.
The Dutch reformed church specifically supported apartheid. Christian slave owners also supported slavery. When someone claims to have a pipeline to an imaginary supernatural being they can make up any claim they want to, including "Mark of Cain" as an excuse for slavery.  Don't Mormons promise that everybody with brown, black or other skin pigment will we washed European White as part of the afterlife insurance policy.
And yet it's Republicans who side with the Nazis and white supremacists. Republicans and especially Trump are whom the Nazis, the KKK, etc. fully support, vote for, rally for, and thank for their support. They're all Trump supporters. So don't be trying to put something like this on someone else, to deflect from your being a part, either directly or indirectly, of the group that supports Nazis.
No, I did not "refuse to include all white people."  The fact that you're accusing me of that tells me you don't know how to read and process the information in the link I provided.  In other words, you don't know what you're talking about.
Apparently in Trudeau's mind reconciliation begins with naming a privileged white woman to the office of GG.
"Pushed" by who? Equality has been the law since 1964. Are you under the impression that we no longer have a republic in which all citizens have access to the bodies that make policy? Have the rights of association and expression been eliminated?   You need to understand that white supremacy is illegal. What you see as a threat to white equality is simply a protest against white supremacy. Nobody is going to pass anti-white laws or systematically exclude white folks from voting, housing, education, employment, healthcare and such.  Besides, the social systems in which those things are embedded still favor white folks over everyone else. Your privilege is still a facet of the system. You just have to face the fact that a relatively large part of the population--including other white folks--now realizes that white privilege is systemic in the USA.
The media gobbled it up because it was a favored victim minority accusing a bunch of white racists.
right.......did you know the latest church shooter was black........hardly made the news...now if he would have been white...........
In Canada, in government and on university campuses  it is a sin and moral failing  to be a white male.
You mean the leader of the German National  Socialist Worker's Party?  Uhhh, yeah...that and the fact that he put into practice some of the philosophies of early American Progressives..(As did they, but not to the extent of the Nazis... mandatory sterilizations of mental patients and prisoners, advocating an "all white utopian society", etc.etc.)
I told them the story of having to protect white kids from being strongarmed and suggested such action by AfricanAmerican students contributed to racial division and supported stereotyping of Blacks as thugs...since, in fact, they were being thugs.  Predictably, this engendered some lively discussion.  The more "radical" Black students asserted it was "OK" because Blacks had been the subject of discrimination for decades and "get back" was warranted.  I presented the "counter-position" that those kids they were strongarming had NOT practiced that discrimination and were not guilty of the "sins of their fathers."  ....lively discussions....  Today I feel were seeing the same phenomenon from some more radical Blacks......I don't agree with it and I feel it only exacerbates the racial tensions we see today....I'm dedicated to non-violent protest and really hope the counter-protesters addressing the revival of white supremacy are both willing and able to be non-violent.  Gary Crum
So President Trump didn't jump as high Saturday as he did on Monday as required by our opinion writer?  So all white people who are Trump supporters are insecure and have to hit and run pedestrians?         This is Fake News as (1) neither Trump depends on this very slim minority (neo-nazi) for support nor (2) are all white men insecure and belong to hate groups.        This BS just fuels the fire of HATE towards the President.  What great lengths the Alt.Left will go to destroy this elected Presidency!    More written hate will be a test for this great nation - as bad as the civil war and I can only hope America (USA) survives.   Oh, by the way, I have a college degree, consider myself a patriot and have put myself on the line ( in Nam) for my (our) country.   Since Trump's election, the four day "Daily World" has printed every Alt.left opinion it could find.  I hold them equally responsible for the outcome of the buildup of HATE in America.
You would love the whites in Russia, except if you said that  to them y0u never would be heard from again!
1 After only five months in office is under investigation for obstruction of justice and whether or not his campaign coordinated with the Russians to win the election, 2 Lies an average of 4-5 times a day, 3 Doesn’t seem to know the basics about how our government works, 4 Doesn’t seem interested in learning anything about how our government works, 5 Is obviously mentally unfit to be president, 6 Adheres to no real ideology other than sexism, racism and xenophobia, 7 Attacks anyone who attempts to hold him accountable, 8 Is constantly under suspicion because he won’t release his tax returns or divest himself of business holdings, 9 Has the self-control of a two year-old, 10 Vacillates between being a laughing stock and an opponent to our allies abroad, 11 Has an obvious preference for brutal autocrats, 12 Has assembled a staff full of white nationalists and those whose history has been spent undermining the very mission of the agencies they are running. And that's just for starters.
The incidents you describe certainly were examples of  "feelings of superiority" at work, a type of "privilege," or feeling of entitlement at work. And you are right, it had nothing to do with race. But that does not negate the fact that in many circumstances involving authority, white people are given the benefit of the doubt when people of color are not. My cousin in Northern Ireland experienced the same kind of discrimination as a Catholic teen shopping at a Protestant-owned business --and everyone involved was white.  The fact that whites are sometimes discriminated against or looked down on by other whites who have money and power does not negate the fact that MANY times blacks and people of colour are discriminated against in circumstances wherein the white person is not. But you won't be convinced. There are none so blind...
I guess he has worked to make Puerto Rico all better? Worked to figure out a way to reduce mass shootings - which happen nearly every DAY in America?   Heck, he's not even on top of Jews being threatened by his emboldened supporters in NYC...   But he sure has time to be on top of what is said about him on late night TV.    Trump - the affirmative action hire for white people.
(Part two of two) While Catholic voters are moving in to the Democratic column, white Catholics tip for Republican candidate Donald Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton, 48-41 percent . . . .and Black Catholics something like 90-10 percent.  "When you talk about issues of social justice, poverty alleviation, environment, immigration, social equity, all of a sudden you see an alertness among the Latino population" because those issues "disproportionately affect that population.”—Maria Teresa Kumar . . . and even more disproportionately Black Catholics and that for centuries in the United States.  If young Latinos are also concerned about social justice issues, (Cokie) Roberts said, they will be important not only in fully representing the Catholic church "but also in keeping the church alive."  Something Black Catholics have been trying to do through centuries, rather than decades.
More important is what we've learned about Republicans: A large majority of them are OK with kleptocratic fascism in bed with a foreign power. Too many of my fellow middle-aged white men in the U.S. are spoiled, whiny and ignorant nihilists. The party of Lincoln has become the party of Trump. It's taken decades of glorifying selfishness and whipping up resentment to get here, but they did it!
Just to be clear, White Nationalism is inherently divisive and is inherently contrary in ideology to the demand by Trump for "we ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for." and is inherently rooted in opposition to the idea that "There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!”"
Who are the so called 'alt left' and have you proof that they hate jews? We already know what the alt right thinks don't we? As far as setting up Trump. He doesn't need help. His words have reverberations; cause and effect. I find it worthy of noting that the rise of anti-semitism and hate for anyone not white has suddenly risen with the ascension of Trump.
Russia probably would have had a better time messing with Hillary for 4 years. I can only imagine how quickly she would be in the scope of impeachment. Im independent aand honestly she didnt deserve to win. She also knows how to govern though- it wouldnt be the revolving door white house.
"Predatory Animals are coyotes, rabbits, rodents, and feral swine which are or may be destructive to agricultural crops. Therefore these animals have no closed season, bag limit or weapons restriction."  ODFW Squirrels have no closed season, bag limit, or weapons restriction. They are not protected, and they are destructive pest animals. Just ask anyone who operates a filbert orchard, or who has a nest in the attic. Of course, they are pretty, but not a pretty as packrats, or for that matter, white-tailed deer mice, which carry lyme disease and plague.
The Crimean Tarters kidnapped Ukrainian and Russians and sold them on the slave markets in the Middle East. The Turks kidnapped Christian boys who were brought up from the age of 7 to serve in the Janissaries (infantry units). The slave trade is the reason why there are so many blond and blue eyed people in the Middle East.  Slavery continues in the Middle East to today’s date – although it no longer involves white children. Type into Google the words “slavery Saudi Arabia” or another country and read what appears. The Muslim countries have never apologized for the white slave trade. No compensation has ever been offered to the descendants of the victims. No monument exists on the sites of the slave markets to commemorate the victims.  4. On 3 occasions, Muslims nearly conquered Europe. Twice the Turks reached the gates of Vienna. Muammar Gaddafi, when he was Libyan leader, predicted that Muslims would conquer Europe through numbers and their birth rate.
- Any time a white man disparages and demeans a black woman by attempting to dismiss her as being unworthy of even having a substantive voice, …that's racism. Kelly's actions were no less racist than if he'd called her 'uppity', …it was just Kelly's way of trying to 'put her in her place'. He failed. As is just.
To be clear, #BLM standing alone is not the problem, nor is the notion behind it. The problems for #BLM, as I see it, are:    1. Putting forth and standing by false information from time to time.  2. Encouraging illegal behavior at #BLM and other rallies.  3. Encouraging and/or condoning retaliatory violence against police.  4. Denial of the facts, which several black leaders and parents have also noted is the more significant problem here---black-on-black-violence (about 90%) of deaths of black people in US.  5. And to be clear, white-on-white violence is equally awful. 6. Failure to acknowledge the existence of reverse racism, bias, etc.   It's really a complicated topic that cannot be simplified by just blaming police either.
@richmond anon, how about the part in the article above that states "The previous Liberal government resisted long-standing requests for change to local campaign finance rules..."  And when better to lobby than with a BC minority gov't focusing on the very thing?  Your criticism seems like an automatic they-say-white-we-say-black response.
Gee whiz.  I'd like to hear an example of that "real hate" that needs to be killed by an individual with a gun.  I've got no problem with the Confederate flag.  You got one as a decal on your pickup truck, fine.  "White and proud" is fine too.  Just the flip side of James Brown's "I'm Black and I'm Proud".  Gotta wonder what the "unapologetic" addendum is about, though.  What would one be apologizing for?
sheldon adelson owns the company that owns the company that owns the company that owns the company that owns the star-advertiser. three or four super wealthy people own most of the media in totality. thats everything you read, hear, see or imagine (with their help). most of it is conservative right. they dont own the internet, yet, but not for not trying. they will though then there will be no dissent, no discussions. if you check, these same guys are electing school boards, community councils, sheriffs, local, regional and national judges, and of course, dog catchers. the only requirement for running for one of these elected positions is that you are a white, evangelical christian male, racist, bigoted and intolerant of anyone not likewise. in rare cases a 'she' can run if there are no better qualified males. no american, no person anywhere, has the right to deny others the same rights.  https://meamatters.com/2015/12/04/will-the-koch-brothers-target-your-school-board-next/
As an agnostic, I have no opinion whatsoever about the beliefs of any of those who see some "God" somewhere.    I am not now and never have been' 'close' to any "God".    In the 1950's I was 6 years old or so;  my privileges were minimal.   I usually got to go to the movies on Saturday if I had done my chores.      Your "1950's white privilege" mantra just defines your bigotry.  It is pure cant with no actual meaning.    I can easily recognize racist bigotry, however.  And you are its main proponent on the these R-G opinion pages.
Donald Trump is NOT one of his (Jerry Epstein) known acquaintances. . A woman who claims in a lawsuit that she was lured into a sex-trafficking ring run by billionaire Jeffrey Epstein contends that the depravity began at a Florida resort now known as the winter White House: Mar-a-Lago. . Under oath, Epstein admitted to “socializing” with Trump, but when a lawyer representing an under-aged victim of Epstein’s asked if he has “ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18,” Epstein curiously pled the Fifth.  . Donald Trump has been placed on the witness list for a civil trial involving billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. . “I’ve known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy,’’ TRUMP told New York Magazine back in 2002. “He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.” . You said something about Fake News and BAM!
Neil, alt-right groups didn't pick Trump's name out of a hat and decide to support him.  They support him because he advocated for their views: He repeatedly described Muslims and Latinos in negative, sub-human terms and he's fiercely opposed to international trade and immigration.  Now, while Trump's stance on these points tends to be somewhat softer than neo-Nazis, it doesn't change the fact that they're largely on the same page.  As to whether white supremacists are harmless, look up the names Dylan Roof and Jeremy Joseph Christian.  Just because you may not be paying attention doesn't mean alt-right activists aren't murdering people.
I believe it runs deeper than you think. I recently visited a cousin in Alabama whose in laws own a large farm. According to my cousin, they have frequent target shooting contests on this property where the targets are cutouts of blacks(Obama in particular) and Hispanics. I know this is anecdotal but, judging from the number of confederate flags and alt-right yard signs I saw supporting "white rights" I think those participating in the protest were just the tip of the iceberg.
The “Black and White” school of thought is the most worrisome of all. The Penguins are not necessarily doing the wrong thing, or the right thing as the article would have you believe. They were invited to one of the most revered places in North America and they’re going to go. This has nothing to do with anything but hockey and history. A lot of these players, football included, care about one thing, and that’s sports. Politics doesnt need to dictate their school of thought. These are kids and men with dreams of seeing The Oval Office, with a multicolour view of the world. Fortunately for them, they haven’t conscripted to the way media needs you to think, and thankfully, there are still some free thinking, up for discussion individuals out there who are not being brought down by the negativity that is the racist-media-spun political filibuster of sorts. Remember Shoalts, you can’t change the mind of a wise man, he will ultimately change his own mind for himself.
Montana Native suicide rates are the highest, but it's high all over the Rocky Mountain area for both Natives and whites. The other demographic in Montana which is extremely high is Veterans of all races. Both Native and Veteran suicides are at 28 per hundred thousand. The national suicide average is around 13 per hundred thousand. There are a whole combination of reasons for this including access to guns, amount of direct sunlight, altitude, the number of people directly connected to successful suicides, cultural beliefs, and lack of mental health care. Since they started keeping statistics in 1919, Montana has always been in the top 5. You see the same trends in Canada in the same geographical regions. Delete
Ask anyone who rides a motorcycle and wears a vest with any type of affiliation - be it Christian bikers, ABATE, any number of veterans clubs and even RUBs ( Rich Urban Bikers - the kind who pull the $35K Harley out on Sundays in July) and they will tell you - NEVER get pulled over in Peel. 99% as the numbers indicate are not a criminal element, do not affiliate with those loosely tagged as OMC's ( Outlaw Motorcycle Clubs - Hells Angels, Outlaws, Mongols etc) yet they are stopped, harassed and pretty much run out or town with the last stage when the 1% are the "target". Peel is the most inhospitable police force to anyone within and without their jurisdiction who are not white middle and upper class and driving a nice "family" or executive vehicle. Evans is not the originator of the problem but is very much the propagator and come October she should be tossed, for a more open and honest concept of Canadian policing.
Nobody at the rallies in Boston appeared to be a Nazi. They were waving American flags and the event was clearly about free speech and 100% not about being racist (according to the organizers, observers, participants). So you are living in a false narrative in which Nazi groups were confronted today. That is simply not true.   Nobody here is arguing for Nazism or White supremacy or anything like that. I know it would be simpler for you if they were ...but they aren't.   I know you like to think that people stood up to racism today..but no they didn't...because unlike Charlottesville ...there weren't any Nazi's to confront... People just pretended there were so they could march and express their moral superiority against imaginary Nazis. All they did was break up a peaceful rally that had been planned for months. .
"This is all about racial injustice and white resentment that minorities no longer know their place in society." False.  A majority of Obama's total vote nationwide coming from white voters.  How can you square this with what you said above? ************** The people who take a knee are supposedly doing that for the same reason Kaepernick did.  He said:  “America refuses to address the pervasive evil of white cops killing black men, and I will not stand during a national anthem that honors the flag of such a country!”    So it is, after all, about giving the finger to "such a country."
I have lived among minorities all my life.  In fact, I am hispanic.  Surprised?  Why?  Because I'm not constantly complaining about my victimization?  Culture will get past its current trash heap when minorities stop  seeing themselves as victims, and when whites plagued by guilt stop condescending.
It seems that some 52-60% of white Roman Catholics don't feel the need to go anywhere else, right?
Only 32 % of Mic' maq have Blood Group A, 62%  have O.  Race is one thing , most of us are cocktails of differing  racial genes...skin pigmentation is another...I know of several " white" blonds from the East coast with Mic' Maq genes....interestingly, more and more , so called " whites" are rediscovering their aboriginal  roots.
The "God given right to life" is protected by the right to own firearms. Without that right, we are at the mercy of tyrannical governments and violent criminals. All the 5 justices is read what what right there in black and white instead of twisting it's meaning into some kind of misinterpreted collective right like the 4 left wing justices tried to do.
Too little, too late, and not even from the supposed president, himself a white supremacist, or at least someone whose campaign catered to the white supremacists. So much for the supposed moral leader of our country. Moral leader, Trump and his party of white supremacists?   Anyone who supports this guy should know by now exactly what it is they support, and it has nothing to do with patriotism or American values. Instead of Trump and his alt right followers working so hard to destroy everything our GREAT country stands for, they should leave, and find a country more to their liking.
"BLM comes across as an angry radical group that exists to oppose and appears to be void of any goodwill or empathy."  always_skeptical: A good friend of mine who attended the post-Pride town hall meeting, which was held in the wake of last year's event, was shocked at the level of incivility demonstrated by BLM supporters toward anybody who challenged their party line. It seems to me that there's an assumption on the part of many BLM activists that the mainly white (unsurprising in a country with a population that's three-quarters white) LGBTQ community is a beneficiary of white privilege. BLM apparently fails to recognize or acknowledge that according to Stats Canada members of the LGBTQ community are more likely to be victims of violent hate crimes than are members of other minority communities. I believe that by aggrandizing and projecting its sense of victimization, BLM has lost a lot of sympathy among members of other vulnerable communities, where it might otherwise find allies.
How long should we feel guilty? How about we move on and learn not to do it again. Is America the only place where white people must feel guilty for things they have no control over right now?
Black Lives Matter T.O. has taken over Pride Toronto. Pride has more or less surrendered and exists in name only. Those who oppose BLMTO have left, including sponsors (the next shoe to drop). Those who have stayed are part of the anti-white/anti-male fringe who were always there, who have (for now) made friends with the new BLMTO rulers.   Pride Toronto started unraveling when they began making the festival about everything OTHER than gays rights issues. This was followed by constant pressures from the Anti-Israel Apartheid movement to be included, and then City Hall under Rob Ford made that pressure boil over... leading to last year's full-out Conquest by Black Lives Matter.  So basically, it's up to BLMTO whether public funds stay or go, but they in all likelihood don't care about what happens to Pride.
Literally, the entire KKK and every other white supremacist group is endorsing him. If a = b and b = c, then a =c.
Until religious, ethnic, cultural, societies accept there is a problem within and speak out about it, there can be no acceptance.  When we accept as fact Muslims, Natives and Blacks are victims, then we excuse bad behaviour of the few.  Society as a whole become responsible for those few.  The segment of society that acknowledges there is a problem, should ask for and receive help from society as a whole to solve the problem of the few.    White supremacists are also a problem, but this motion doesn't address that issue.
Sorry, Broom Hildary and Horndog Bubba will never be President and a Shadow President respectively.  And President Obama will leave the white house on January 20, 2017 and continue race hustling to keep black people angry, resentful, and paranoid about white people; that is when he is not on the speech circuit internationally bad mouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the UN.
She’s returned to her old worn out themes and mines men and race for more memes. Of a good word there’s no trace if you’ve got a white face. She’s a one trick pony it seems.
Dear Fikile,  a person was gunned down this morning at an ATM in Joburg while withdrawing cash. Unfortunately, the person died. The thieves got away. It could happen to anyone of us. I care very much about safety in the country.   The streets must be safe for people to walk and carry on with their lives (and do  their bit for the economy). I think you should focus on that and try improve things. You are the Minister of Police. This hogwash about white minority capital is a distraction. It's a ploy by the Guptas to blindfold us while they are looting brazenly. Take time to read the the emails in the #GuptaLeaks if you don't know who the real people looting this country blind are (though I suspect you already know that). And for once, do what you have been 'promoted' to do rather than lecturing us grownups about the economy. We understand that far better than you. And oh, do brush up on your language next time you write something and expect us to read. That'll help your case.
KKK, White nationalist, and the alt-right make up less than 1 % of our population. TheUS just doesn't have their ideology in it's DNA. I'm more concerned about people that want to shut down free speech, do away with due process, and thought police. Doing away with those rights allows these type of extreme ideologies to take hold.
Krugman said Hillary Clinton would be judged by a standard higher than that of any of her Republican competitors, we just didn't realize by how ridiculously much higher of a standard it would be. Actually, there's obviously no standard for Republicans and an impossibly high one for Democrats especially if the candidate is female or in Obama's case, black. The audacity of Obama suggesting that sexism was preventing men from voting for Hillary Clinton! Now anti-establishmentarianism is trending. It's a establishmentarianism wearing a white, sharply pointed hat that includes a full-faced cloth mask with eyeholes. Dowd wants a piece of the herd behavior action, her fair share of gratuitous stabs.
Seriously doubt she'll think about any of this.  We're talking an teenager from a moneyed, "connected" family that got away with killing a husband and father.  She wasn't raised to be accountable for her actions or have regrets.  Being a white kid--especially a rich one--is tantamount to a "get out of jail free card" in Alaska.  Anyone heard anything about Danae Kish, the young black woman who ran down a Native man last September?  Five'll getcha ten she's still under the jail.  Ellis on the other hand will think about her crime until the next fashion sale comes along--maybe.
annexe1@SCM  This is not Canada ...with a bunch of « Loyalists » Orangemen.   There is no place for a bunch of Ku-Ku-Klowns in Canada. In the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an English three Canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization Anglo-Saxon, WASP equivalent to the United States  ("White Anglo-Saxon Protestants").  Four members have been Prime Ministers of Canada,  Sir John A. Macdonald (father of « Canadian Federation » but not « Father of Canada »  which is Sir Samuel de Champlain),  Sir John Abbott,  Sir Mackenzie Bowell (a past « Grand Master » (?)),  and John Diefenbaker.    In 1927 the “Orange” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group,  the Canadian Ku Klux Klan, which had its deepest roots in small towns in Saskatchewan because of the "yellow peril", but also because of the blacks...Jews...Catholics...
Most people attribute leadership to Lincoln and most people know Lincoln was Republican.   The only thing that matches your 95% number is the level of your personal paranoia.     The majority of Republicans also signed the Civil Rights laws as well.  The attempt to block poor voters and specifically black voters that lean Democrats originated with Bush Jr's(Carl Rove) insight into leveraging the white Evangelical South for voting strength.    The party capitalized on the mostly unspoken bigotry toward blacks in the South and wrapped their intentions in self-righteous religious cloth.      Now the pretense is dropped and the alt-right becomes the center of Republican politics with their very own President.  I have hopes that Republicans of good will and high ethical standards will continue to push back toward the party of Lincoln.
"White racists never take responsibility for their behavior." Do black (or other) racists take responsibility for their behavior? Isn't is racist of you to single out the white racists? Will you take responsibility, or will you claim ignorance? And what does your last comment have to do with your original inaccurate assertion that "most cops are killed by white men"?
White males telling women what is appropriate to wear and not to wear is sexist and out of the distant past. Time to step into the present  Mr. Timmerman, no matter how painful.
trump will be indicted for racketeering in New York. if not impeached in washington. the clock is ticking. the simple fact that rich white conservatives like newt who share the same love of disposable trophy wives with trump shouldn't be a surprise to anyone. they're so bad at running anything because they've never work for anyone but themselves. this is the saddest part of conservative doctrine. so much of conservatives are about pulling up by your own boot straps and these jokers are 3rd rate leaders. they're skills of leaderships are are like veal calf with atrophy. they have no clues as to run anything well. he only get by by kicking the can down to the next leadership that roll their sleeves up and do their jobs right. most of the time. A DEMOCRAT!
From the obviously on purpose grainy picture.. looks like a white skinned black man. I could be wrong,
According to what you say the u.d. flag would not be allowed in school.  It has far more connections to slavery and white supremacist than the Confederate flag ever did.
If you read the articl you'll see the headline here is misleading; Portland is not the most white city it's the most white city of its size. Plenty of whiter cities out there.  I sure didn't say the immigration has been or will be all good, simply saying most new whites bring a different life experience with them from the multigenerational white Oregonians who likely never have had a person of color at their dinner tables.
You didn't answer any of those, you just spun it for your own good... like a cop. Y'all need to take responsibility for your actions. Black people are 3 times more likely to be killed by police than white people. Of black people killed by police, 30% were unarmed, as opposed to 21% for white people. So if you're really so innocent, turn on your body cameras and prove it. And RIP Eric Garner, as well as the many that came before him and after him.
"The University of Texas at Austin removed the statues of three Confederate-era figures from a main area on campus on Monday, saying they had become symbols of white supremacy..." Ok! Now I understand what the issue really is ... White supremacists have co-opted what are otherwise just statutes of dead people. Up to that moment, the statues were probably just "decorations" in most peoples minds. Now they've become symbols of hate and oppression. This causes me to believe that if the supremacists hadn't given the statues a white supremacy aura, none of the statues would be getting removed now. Wow! How more self-defeating can anyone get?
"Conservative Catholics?"  If we are going to confront the "fake news and the election of Donald Trump," let's start with some that truth telling:  'Conservative Catholics' is code for angry and afraid white folks.  Among the ways that the media has got it wrong is it's complicity in making many white people more comfortable in expressing and acting out their prejudices and fears.  Sitting next to us in the pews are fellow sheeple who harbor the dark motivations of racism, misogyny and fascism.  Acknowledging the evil among us is the first step to overcoming it.
When Trump refused to call out Nazis and white supremacists even after a domestic terrorist killed one woman and maimed more in Charlottesville, Virginia—and then averred that “very fine people” were marching under Confederate flags—the extremists recognized the signal. When, only a week later, he pardoned Joe Arpaio—a man whom white supremacists had made a cause célèbre—they saw him in their corner again. When Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the administration was bringing the hammer down on the DACA program, he cited two lies popular among far-right nativists: That “Dreamers” take jobs away from Americans, and that the program prompted the surge in unaccompanied child immigrants (who, for the record, are not eligible for DACA status).
Because he's scared that might be racist. Don't forget, he has to be politically correct. How bad does this have to get before someone calls it what it is. Racism and supremacism isn't just for white folk anymore.
Most Americans are white... get over it
Originally, natives were backing Brazeau, the beefy bruiser homeboy who was going to beat that privileged white boy with pretty hair. Brazeau was the Great Red Hope. Nobody took into consideration Brazeau's smoking. Tax-free native cigarettes get credit for his wheezing collapse in the ring.
Cocaine and booze tend to be the drugs of choice for white collar people. And they waste plenty of money on them.
“Amazing how it falls under ‘academic freedom’ when a black (woman) spews this extreme bigotry yet everyone knows if a straight white male said anything close to that they would be rightfully fired.”  There are many who would agree with this statement. I wonder if perhaps some individuals with a PhD go into other fields that earn more money. Perhaps that is why the statistics are what they are. Maybe it's also partially a result of the preponderance of older Caucasians living in the U.S. and in a generation, the census mix and make-up of professors will be different. Totally agree with Keala's comment that there would be more value in looking at character and not skin color.
I've often wondered why an integrated, multi-ethnic state with constitutionally established equal rights like those of the Western democracies is seen as such a threat to many American Jews, who represent less than 3% of our population and do well here by any standard as a protected minority.  Both white nationalists and Jewish nationalists express and share fearful concerns about the "demographic threat" of an unwanted population and "losing majority."
so if a baker doesn't like interracial couple getting married he can refuse service, and serving eggs and bacon at lunch counter only to whites only is religious freedom?
and now the white supremacists Trump and Bannon.
Excellent thoughts, Scott.  I suspect that Burke & Co., including those on this forum who think in absolutist terms, look upon "irregular situations" as exactly that -- abstract cases that fall outside of proscribed black-and-white lines of conformity, and which must be brought within the range of ancient doctrinal conformity before benefits are bestowed.  Francis and others of us see these cases as real, actual families in pain, living the results of poor and youthful decisions and mistakes, or just the twists and turns life itself throws at us -- but who wish to resume an active life within the Body of Christ. I saw this pain every Sunday of my youth as my divorced/remarried dad abstained from communion, though his faith was the most singular aspect of his person.  Francis' pastoral heart and inclinations acknowledge the humanity which rules are meant to assist, not to torture.  I doubt Burke et al ever "see" real people at all.
Maybe they don't know the difference between Great White Sharks and Tiger Sharks, Great White Sharks have been known to eat boat propellers, 55 gallon metal drums, attempt to eat anything red colored (yes sharks can only see gray scale, not colors, but do know the difference between the gray scale red and other colors especially fish that are yellow as usually poisonous as the reason why shark repellent dye packs were usually yellow).  Most people that I know at Australia have a minimum of a  .308 rifle with optical telescope and lots of ammunition on board, I would also considering what happened to the U.S.S. Indianapolis crew. 300 down with the ship, 900 in the water, 583 ended up as fish (Shark) food, 317 survived.
The thing is most of those "overpaid white males" are actually Jews. Once you account for that there is no over-representation of white professors.
RangerMC, So you think that the left, which is characterized by social equality and egalitarianism, includes white supremacists, the KKK, neo-Nazis, and skinheads.  That's an alternate fact.  Contrary to what you believe, the left accepts existing laws.  The problem is how the Trump administration is executing the laws.  (Pun intended.)
A tax revolt would be a mistake...for two reasons: 1. It would be too easily spun as 'the wicked whites (and Indians) against the poor black masses'...in other words it would be a political gift to the race-baiting politicians.  2. Once a system and a culture of tax-collection breaks down (or more importantly, once a culture of tax-evasion sets in) it will take decades to restore...and even if it should succeed in bringing the ANC down, it would hamstring whoever comes into power afterwards...by way of example: think about the legacy of 'liberation before education' - the damage done to the education sysetem in the 1980s still hasn't been undone!
The idea that there are no atheists in foxholes is a tired and laughable concept. Totally without merit. It is simply an attempt to minimize atheists. Actually, there are more and more non-believers now saying out loud that they are no longer intimidated by what has been a dominant culture of beliefs in supernatural mysticism. About time! But societal changes work this way. Our country is slowly moving away from "White Privilege" and "Religious Privilege". It takes time ... but is happening. Good.   Regarding "taking Jesus into the voting booth" ... that is similarly laughable. Five people who claim that they "know" what any given god wants will give five (or more) answers to what it "is" that god wants. This means that the claim of "what god wants" is REALLY just a self-centered statement of "what I want". Why drag your deity into it? Why not simply admit, "I have my own personal opinions and desires ... and (for better or for worse) THAT is what I take into the voting booth."
Well...given our past history, SCOTUS OK'ed slavery, (in fact stating blacks weren't "human beings", but "property"); the also OK'ed fdr's imprisonment of American Citizens of Japanese descent in Concentration Camps.  SCOTUS hasn't been operating under their Article III limitations since Marbury v. Madison.  As to citizens and/or voters....as we saw in the last election (Thank GOD for the Electoral College), the majority of voters were willing to put a corrupt, pathological liar, and unindicted felon (on MULTIPLE counts), with a sexual predator for a husband in the White House.  One has to question how long this Republic will last with the brainwashed masses willing to tear it down to the delight of progressives who will finally realize their goal of an all white utopian society with themselves in charge.
76% white. Look it up.
Man you missed the point again!  White privileged response to this article?
It has been a long, long time since white Americans in general actually thought that Black lives don't matter.
Members of Trump's white-nationalist and nativist base don't believe the word "cruel" applies in this case.
And she does it with a tweet - maybe she's trying to keep up with her hero south of our border? And Rempel says she can't talk on 'behalf of one member of our party'. Yup, one member but a leadership candidate for the cpc who went several rounds before dropping off the vote. More than just 'one member'. So when is scheer going to put her on the opposition front bench? That's a serious question. If scheer doesn't have several female shadows, and a few non-old-white-males sitting there, he's going to look pretty silly when there are pics of both sides of the aisle. And I'm not sure he has many choices.
White lash is better understood from the angle of white privilege.  Hetero Anglo white's have many many advantages over minorities in this country.  It's so much a part of our upbringing we don't recognize and therefor don't question it.  White lash is not so much directly about racism as it is anger at a perceived slippage in the perks of being white.....especially for white men.  I'm pretty positive a lot of white folks who voted for Trump do not see themselves as overtly racist because they aren't, but they are entrapped in preserving white privilege for themselves and their children at the expense of racial, religious, and sexual minorities.
You complain that I gave you no answers, Mike. And yet I have answered you very 'straightforwardly'. First, you asked whether you should feel guilty about 'whitelash'. I replied that you should feel guilty 'if the cap fits' - i.e., if you are practising it. Then you asked if you should feel guilty just because you are white. I replied 'No'.  Now you are wondering if I am someone else? Very strange. But to satisfy your curiosity - No I don't post under any other name. As I have told you before, these are my baptismal names. I have never used any other name here.  As for anger and fear:- Your comments certainly do seem angry. But only you will know if you are also afraid.
I have friends who used to participate in Pride festivities but will not do so this year on grounds that the movement no longer has any relevance to them. These are people who were in the past beaten up and ridiculed for their sexual orientation, had their relationships discounted or ignored during the AIDS crisis, went years without having the same workplace benefits and pension and taxation rights enjoyed by their heterosexual counterparts and were discriminated against in employment and housing. But hey, now they're just another branch of "white privilege" (whether they're actually white or not). Their struggle, which isn't entirely over, has been obliterated by more chic causes, even by the young within their own community who seem oblivious to the past struggles of their elders. So some who remember the past ask why they should bother with Pride. As one of my friends says, "it's over."
President Theodore Roosevelt was one.  Rudyard Kipling, author of the White Man's Burden.
I'm pretty sure you have to be French to vote.  I'd hate to think you mean 'last chance to be French and white,' or 'French and christian.'  France went through the latter issue over a hundred years ago.
“I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizens' Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to ‘order’ than to justice […] who constantly says: ‘I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action.’” -- Martin Luther King Jr, from the Birmingham jail, 1963
Actually, much of Trump's core support came from relatively well-off voters. He did, of course, benefit from a larger block of the less educated, but that doesn't necessarily equate to low income. I'll bet most can balance a checkbook, educate their kids, etc. etc.   "The median household income for non-Hispanic whites is about $62,000, still a fair bit lower than the $72,000 median for Trump voters."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2017/06/05/its-time-to-bust-the-myth-most-trump-voters-were-not-working-class/  https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/us-politics/the-average-trump-supporter-is-not-an-economic-loser/article32746323/   http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/education-not-income-predicted-who-would-vote-for-trump/
I thought your affirmative action statement regarding a homeless black man having something more than a homeless white guy because of affirmative action was about that rationale, but I wanted to be sure I wasn't missing something that would help somebody. I'm not sure what you think is going on out there, but neither homeless person is going to get a job in a company without not being homeless first. So take a breath and allow a few steps to get these guys from homeless to not-homeless, from no shower to showers, from scrappy food to regular food, from no dentist or doctors for however long to being healthy, to maybe being able to interview somewhere for something, probably part-time, and surely for a small business in some way. Small businesses don't have any affirmative action requirements to start with.     If your fears are actually built on this scenario, rest easy. Not going to happen for either of them. Still on the streets homeless where you left them.
In your link, he merely says he would like to have a black wife rather than white, chinese, or whatever.  He said what he believed, a necessary ingredient of a great man.  If you had lived through the 60's and 70's while he was at his prime, you would understand just how important and impressive he was.  The world is smaller for his absence.
Because it wasn't just 'white nationalists' who were engaged in mutual combat.   It was white nationalists[neo-Nazi's/KKK/etc.] Vs Antifa, a.k.a Anti-Trump Faction [BLM, etc.] who were battling each other, both w/the same goal of wanting to dismantle our Republic. The fight in VA was akin to pre-WWII Marxists and Nationalist Germans battling it out in the streets of Berlin, both w/the goal of bringing down the Weimar Republic and replacing it w/either a Marxist-based Government or a National Socialist German Workers Party Government. So Charlie, it's clear you're not a neo-Nazi so that kind of narrows it down to who/what you are doesn't it?
This  argument has been skewed by corporate owned media and the "deep state". Keeping people divided and misidentifying the problem.    I suppose folks are fine with black men being unemployed a 3-5 times the national average yet at the same time .gov allows 11 million **illegal** immigrants to workin jobs "no one else wants".  I suppose folks are fine with the rampant abuse of our 4th amendment, growing police state, and militarization of police.     MSM made the story in Ferguson,  about Michael Brown (a thug by most all accounts) Most whites saw it as cut and dry shooting and see blacks as supporting lawlessness.  Scratch the surface and find the Ferguson police department virtually funded the entire city government by constantly ticketing, a disproportionally black community, with every conceivable petty violation.    These marchers are misguided.  The protest should be about how **everyone's**  Constitutionally guaranteed rights are  being abrogated, at every turn.
Speaking of entertaining, you gave me my first good laugh of the day. A Trump fan calling Democrats myopic is not only ironic; it's funny as hell, at least from the independent point of view. Thank you for that, whicheverMikeyouare.   Your wonderful sense of humor didn't stop there, however, and you went on to claim Trump will win in a landslide. That's funny, but only because it's so far from the reality of the situation.  For Trump to win in a landslide he will need the minority vote, the women's vote, and the college educated vote. He has neither of those. The only voting block he has is the undereducated, mostly older, white male vote, and while America has more than her share of those folks it won't be nearly enough to win, let alone by a landslide.  Keep 'em coming though, dude, this election needs all the humor it can get.
Interesting how, in the population "group growth" chart, White and Aboriginal were lumped in together to show a very nominal growth (compared to other ethnic/racial groups). Since the Aboriginal population increased very dramatically during this period, that would suggest that the White population, if taken alone, would be shown as static or declining (likely the latter). Is that why those two populations were combined, so white people wouldn't see the writing on the wall?
Trump got fewer votes than McCain in 2008 and Romney in 2012.  The story of the 2016 election was the people who stayed home and enabled Trump's white racist voters to swing the election.
Bad, bad President Barack Obama. He dared defy the nearly all white Congress who circled the wagons and trumped up the Just Say No to Obama campaign. Bad President Obama.  Not!  Obama did what Republicans collectively couldn't do:  https://www.yahoo.com/finance/m/64cdf01d-d6dd-3e92-aa82-20a5e96338bb/republican-economic-promises.html
In order to understand the term "islamophobia" we must also understand Islam's own misogyny, homophobia, hatred of Christians, Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, Europe, America, democracy, dogs, free speech, human rights and now even Canadian open society  and everything else not permitted (haram) by Islam. Open  hatred against white Canadians is now permitted  (halal) and printed regularly in the Globe.
So Trump strongly denounced them today, he denounced all violence the day this happened, and the left is still not satisfied.  These racists have no place in the conservative party and 99 percent of all conservatives denounce them. They are a small number of actual protestors.  I will state that Obama refused to name radical islam, gave praise and welcomed the BLM movement to the White House even after their violent protests. He refused to denounce the violence the likes of the Berkley riots from Antifa. The democratic party cannot claim they would denounce or reject the domestic terrorists Antifa or BLM like nearly all conservatives will denounce the KKK or White Supremacists or whoever these losers were from this weekend.
Ok, hypothetical posed in the "Black and white of a law". By the way, I spent 6 years as a police officer until I got injured on the job. Anyways that's besides the point. Let's get back to issues on hand and not doing "arguments of authority" and you don't know what you're talking about. Let's playing a hypothetical, a very simple one that everyone does almost everyday. It is illegal to jay walk, therefore the law is written and must be followed. It is against the law for a police officer not to enforce the law under this black and white world and not use their own discretion. A police officer does not cite an individual walking across the street that is clearly jay walking. Who is right then with the law being black and white?
I guess that means Trump will now turn his back on the alt-right, and unambiguously condemn neo-nazis and white supremacists.  Nah, just kidding.
How did the writer and at least two editors let this out?  Paragraph 10 reads "White Catholics favored Trump, 60 percent to 37 percent." In paragraph 15 we read white Catholics "support for Trump this year was not as strong as the 59 percent they gave to Romney." That is impossible on its face. Theoretically, the absolute number of white Catholic votes  may have been down, but if that was the case there is no statistical citation of it and use of percentages confuses the matter.   Discussion of the Mormon vote is muddled. We get the percentage of Utah voters who are Mormon and the percentage of the Utah vote for Trump, but no indication of the overlap. I would wager that in Utah and nationwide, Trump got a weaker plurality of Mormons than of the general population.  Sloppy writing. Disgraceful editing. How does something this weak get published? RNS and NCR need to improve standards.
Yep, just like the minority candidate lead Democratic Party in the US in  '08 and '12 where the white male candidates just decimated Barak Hussein Obama. Dude, you need to get out more often.
Most whites voted for Obama's opponents. Quit bandying about that nonsense.  The rest of your post is simplistic and resorts to half-truths.  <<{James McPherson] repeats his contention that Confederate soldiers acted largely out of the conviction that they were defending rights and liberty, and that Union soldiers believed that self-government everywhere -- and their own freedom in particular -- depended upon upholding the Republic against division and anarchy....  In the South, the cause candidly included the defense of slavery and white supremacy. In the North, it increasingly encompassed emancipation, even among those who at first rejected Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation of 1863.>>  http://www.nytimes.com/1997/03/23/books/courage-of-their-convictions.html?auth=login-email  <<If you don't feel privileged to be here, this country is too good for you.>> Easy for the privileged to say.
Let's see, Facebook shuts down white supremacist pages, but it is not OK to refuse to bake a gay wedding cake? Not that I have any use for hitler youth, but it seems that there is more than one set of rules that are used. It is not OK to refuse to do business with ultra lefties, but if the ultra lefties disagree with you, it is OK for them to refuse service. Do I understand how it is?
I find it all very amusing how in the 90's all the SJW's were up in arms if my christian cross that I wore around my neck was visible. There were laws enacted that government workers couldn't wear a visible cross while working at their jobs, and my religion was always maligned. Now the very same SJW's say that the muslims have all the rights to the world to their religion and their customs, etc. I guess the only intolerance still allowed in this country is toward Christians and white men.
White folk should just claim they are 1/2,000,000th native American so they can go to tribal clinics.  I have a co-worker that told me you wouldn't believe how many blonde haired blue eyed people with last names like vonguttenbudweiserwiener claim they are direct descendants of Cherokees so they can go to tribal clinics.
I think the fact you "never heard of her" is kind of the point. Now you have heard of her, haven't you? I also love how the idea of gender or racial diversity on our $10 bill seems to trigger your sense of outrage. You want a safe space without any diversity, where old white men are the only ones worthy of being on a $10 bill.
@Bob Derr: A hasty generalization is wrong on either side, but a false equivalency is also a logical error. I believe you're showing us the latter with your comment: it's quite apologist for a killer and pretty ambivalent about the innocent woman that is now dead. The way you frame it, it's like the poor white supremacist had no choice but to RAM his car at high speed into the unknowing cars and people. Malarkey. It is domestic terrorism.
Three people died and 260 were maimed in Boston and that is a tragedy. However it is no comparison to gunning down and murdering each individual by pointing an assault rifle directly at each and every one of those individuals. Heinous crimes committed by both the brothers in Boston and the lone wolf killer in Orlando but leagues of difference in the weapons of mass destruction used. White Supremacist Tim McVeigh used fertilizer to kill and maim the hundreds of people in the Oklahoma City bombing. Now you better believe that the sales of Ammonium Nitrate and ignition devices are more closely regulated. People used airplanes to fly into tall buildings, now we are all  more closely scrutinized at airport screenings. See any difference here? Nothing is being done to make weapons of mass destruction like the military knock off AR assault rifles harder to get no matter how many times they are used in mass murder situations.
The Klan rallied in Charlottesville just this PAST WEEKEND under the banner of "Unite the Right". You can't legitimately deflect to history when current events so clearly prove which side white nationalists are on in 2017. They're the right wing's military wing now.  Alt-left is a made up term. So it's not as simple as you say. White nationalist Richard Spencer coined the term "alt-right" to try to rebrand his neo-Nazi movement to make it more palatable to the mainstream. No such event occurred on the left. So "alt-left" is more right wing projection.
Obama should know about blame.  He blames whitey for all the world's problems.  Right Borna?
So you say. But racism is part of the human condition. And whites don’t have a monopoly on racism, think back to Rwanda for instance. Probably the best way to mitigate racism is to get a grip on rampant diversity. Homogenous societies such as that in Japan have much less racism than say what exists in ethnically diverse societies dominating the social landscapes in the US or Canada.
The Holocaust was the beginning of the end of Western Civ.  White people have spent the better part of a century since trying desperately to accommodate basically inferior cultures because of a schizophrenic guilt complex.     We have nothing to be ashamed or apologetic about - the West is the beacon of human civilization and achievement in every sense of the word.  It is (or was) on top for a very good reason...    Whether it's bending over backwards for Aboriginals, or allowing medieval laws like Sharia, into our own jurisprudence,  Western nations have been practically castrated.    We will disappear as a civilization soon enough and the world will not be a better place.
Now that many newspapers have finally given up the p.c. word, misinformation, and are calling lies, "lies", I guess we can finally admit to what we are seeing south of the border - the beginnings of fascism, led by a White Supremacist from Bretibart, Steve Bannon.
"Encouraging young women to stand up by taking a seat of their MP "  While I might have difficulty relating, I can tell that this is why Journalism matters. As a person of my generation who has grown up with white privilege, when I cast aside my outdated attachment to syntax I am able to go much further in understanding what this headline is trying to tell us.  Listen.  Hear.  Stand.  Seat.  It's time.  Thank you, Ms Renzetti for once again revealing the gabled roofs of our flagstone realities.  _______________ Chuck Walmsley, Editorial Curator, The Rosedale Notice & Severance
Remembering this is a president who has an IMMEDIATE reaction via Twitter to anything and everything he dislikes but not in this case? The hypocrisy of many "normal" Republicans is stunning but hardly surprising...they go on their typical anti-liberal rants at full volume when Colin Kaepernick does not stand for the national anthem but here we have people giving the "Sieg Heil" salute and embracing Nazi propaganda(You do remember WWII, right?) and what do these Republicans do? Shrug their shoulders...rationalize what happened in Charlottesville with "there was violence on both sides" and do anything BUT denounce what the white "nationalists" support. Why? Because  like the President of the USA they give tacit approval to it.
They are white and rich..isn't that how it's suppose to be..??
This is a bit unfair towards AgriSA, which intention was to a least start the ball rolling with its attempted audit and to stimulate more informed discussion. The DM response, introduce the report and set the context with suggestions of "racism", "white fear" and "whites fearing transformation" linked to farm murder protest and some protestors. Then rely on one academic, with views (no link to her own extensive research) in line with the above, to further disparage the report. AgriSA is naive to expect that informed debate is what most people, including our media is after, since it will never be complete, nuanced or comprehensive enough when it challenges strongly held opinion or political views.
your talking getting White votes. Democrats enjoy "illegal" aliens for their future voting base. Come on, tink! The problem is NOT the white extremists. Today it's the Liberal Democrats that are the Political Extremists, it's at another level fueled by Hillary's loss, lol. Yikes!
Huge amounts isn't the prescription you have for black athletes. 99% is the prescription you have for black athletes. Not for white business men. Just for black athletes.  I'm still waiting for you to admit that if Trump cares so much about the flag or the National Anthem or Confederate monuments then he and his family should give away all but $100k of his supposed millions of dollars a year in earnings to protect and preserve those things.   Same with every CEO in America. Give away your money, boys! Because Como Estas thinks everybody should donate 99% if their income like he does. Oh wait. No, he doesn't donate that much. And he doesn't think white talk show hosts or business men should. He just thinks black athletes should.
Do your research before you talk.  54% of white college-educated males voted for Trump.  45% of college educated white females voted for Trump.  So lets call the white college-educated vote pretty evenly split.  So yes, not only do I think a large number of educated people voted for Trump.  They actually did.  Unfortunately, the driving factor in how Americans voted was less about education and more about the colour of your skin.
"Besides which these monuments were, paradoxically, a necessary aspect of national reconciliation. The North was required to respect the dignity of the defeated Southern cause and permit the South to commemorate it."  That only applies to the whites. Erecting statues to those defending slavery insults slaves, ex-slaves, and their descendants.
The gop want and need people from Mexico to work in the slaughter houses, pick crops, work 12 hour days building homes and working on construction sites.  White people will not line up to apply for the jobs Mexicans and illegals do because the work is too hard and can be disgusting.  Fear and lies got all the Trump people to vote and they will continue to use fear and lies to keep their base worked up.
InOregon,       A lot  of truth here with your words-- back when I was young we weren't taught actual history, it was all about  the "Winning  of the West".           No thought was given to what happened to the Indians, nor why we were virtually an all white state.   The "bad part" was erased. Our Centennial in 1959 was all about glorifying our  Pioneer history, little self-reflection on what our history had actually been.  By our Sesquicentennial in 2009 we were beginning to open a bit to review our actual history.  However, most folks weren't really involved.  Only a few folks could have told you who Mathew Deady or Joe Lane were, or known about the Exclusion Act.    Now, thanks to the Black Lives Matter movement and the support of President Schill, we have thousands of Oregonians reading, learning, and talking about our history, both good and bad.  We'll achieve a balanced history and we'll come out of this experience a stronger and better society.
I accept, though saddly, that the ideology of white supremacy does exist in our country.  Trump has now revealed that he is and believes in white supremacy.  So the question is what is the majority in America going to do about our President in the White House?  It is no longer a vote between Republicans and Democrats.  It is a vote between the ideology of white supremacy and racial equality.  The majority vote will define the current America.   It is what it is, for better or for worse.  Amazing how history repeats itself.
The demonstration was Free Speech irrespective of how vile and misguided it is. Today the ideas and actions of the "white nationalist" have been widely compared to 1930s Germany. History doesn’t repeat itself. But it has an unnerving tendency to rhyme.
I didn't see any of those at the protest.  Are you sure you're not just stuck on rationalizing?  Or are you going to embrace White Nationalism and Nazis?
(Part one of two) Support for Democratic candidates during the same period, on the other hand, has come from "Hispanic Catholics, the religiously unaffiliated, Jewish Americans and African-American Protestants," he (Robert Jones, of The (Pontifical) (administratively censured) Catholic University of America) said.   This slight to Black Catholics is unseemly.  As of 7:23 this morning, Steven Shea, xswzaq9, 2Be4Peace, extend the unseemliness to non-white immigrants and Muslims .  As Philippians 3:6) remonstrated, “in zeal I persecuted the (Black Catholic) Church.”  “In just the same way, I tell you there will be rejoicing among the angels of God over one sinner who repents” (Luke 15:10).  The problem rests in what hearts seek.  “Let hearts rejoice who search for the Lord” (Psalm 105:3b).  Liturgy of the Word, Reading 488, Thursday of the Thirty-first Week in Ordinary Time II for the feast of Saint Martin de Porres.
What do you mean biological reality?  : >  I reject such an insinuation of reality. "Biological reality", of course, is just an antiquated elitist western-borne social construct.  Dead white male privileged-related.  Cisgendric, probably. And I'm offended too;  the assertion is also, inter alia, misandric and materialistic.      Moreover, as it's been said "...the dialectical critical realism may be seen under an aspect of Foucauldian strategic reversal---of the unholy trinity of Parmenidean/Platonic/Aristotelean provenance; of the Cartesian-Lockean-Humean-Kantian paradigm; it's just part and parcel of the primordial failing of western philosophy, a mere ontological monovalence, and its close ally, the epistemic fallacy within its ontic duality".   You knew this already and were just teasing me, weren't you?
Trump's moves so far continue to feed the base he rode to the White House: White, evangelical Christians who fear they are no longer the majority in this country. They are right. I just don't know why they are so afraid.
It's never stopped being white, as one can easily discern by looking at a multitude of facts. The idea of the threat of being somewhat less privileged obviously scares the bejeesus out of the "poor white me crowd."  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/08/14/the-war-on-whites-is-a-myth-and-an-ugly-one/
ADN Leaves Out Civil Comments Section in Fatal Hit and Run of Native Woman---This is About Race  Indeed the victim of the fatal hit and run on Saturday morning at Elmore Road is a Native woman. APD and perhaps the FBI, needs to look into this incident with a fine tooth comb. Where was the driver before the hit and run? Was he drinking and had to hide for 12 hours so he could sober up? And the bail amount in and of itself is a crime. $5,000? Who is this magistrate and what is his/her track record? This is a travesty and it isn't the only one like it on record. Recall a young white woman who killed a Native man and told everybody she thought she hit a dog and that's why she didn't stop to help her victim. She got 90-days if my memory serves me right. We used to have the Alaska Native Justice Center for cases like this but it disappeared for some odd reason. And yet, I expect most of the comments on these pages will blame the victim. She's Native. But it isn't acceptable. None of this is.
You just asked a racist question.   I am only saying what I read from officials in New York and other large cities. Do not deceive yourself by listening to the hate propaganda on the left. I agree family is the most important factor in making good hard working citizens. Do you know about 80% of black children are born out of wedlock?  Do you know most children must be raised by the mothers only because the men are off impregnating other women?  Most whites have no problem with black skinned people. But they do have a problem with the behavior of many blacks.  I think blacks have been incited by fifty years of Democrats and liberals screaming racism!  The human mind is easy to shape by the Mass Media.  Most blacks are decent moral people but there is a class of black who want to get rich fast. Please go to Colin Flaherty on youtube watch videos for a couple of days.  Get the truth and clear your mind of political correctness. The truth will set you free.
Author: middle aged white woman. What gives her the right to pass judgement on post- apartheid/colonial SA?
Investigative journalism or central banker globalist banking shill mr carl bernstein ?   Your rich on bailout and quantitative easing.   Talk about white privilege.  What about semite privilege ?   Now we got Kushner, Bernstein, bloomberg, zuckerberg, feinstein, Schumer....and the list goes on.   They are even bringing out semite Ted Koppel.   The so call press took off air anyone that does not agree like Glen Beck, O'Reilly on fox they called a sexist and O'Reilly is done.  Shawn hannety the globalists DEMOCRATS PRESS want gone next.   Only one news owned by about six rich families ?   That is news ?
I am not promoting division. If any of us brainstorm about how we identify (I am white, woman, middle-aged,  English-speaker and  Spanish-speaker, middle class, mother-sister-daughter,  Latina-Irish-English-Italian-Cuban-Spanish, Catholic-raised,  teacher, west-coast with mid-west and NY  roots, straight,  gardener, writer) we will find something we have in common.  I think unity comes from celebrating what we have in common and our differences. It does not come from oppressing differences.  Cuban-Americans, like Asian-Americans, like German-Americans, like Swedish-Americans, seem aware of their descent. Isn't it enough to say we are Americans without worrying about the fact that we have other identities, too? I mean, you identified me as being from the left, which means, I think, that you identify with the right. So you are a conservative American and I am a liberal American. These are real differences. We have in common American, and Oregon. Telling stories is inclusion, it is unity.
La Raza has been around longer than many of these white hate groups, and they've yet to blow up a building, or gun people down in their driveway because they belong to a different race or religion.
I listened to the story on CBC this morning and I have to say I was heartbroken and in tears listening to this poor woman talking about how she was treated.  Nobody deserves to be treated that way and and there have to be some consequences to the behavior of the prosecutor AND the judge.  All I can feel now is extreme anger at this.  I'm pretty sure that a Caucasian person would never be treated this way and that speaks volumes about the treatment of indigenous peoples in this country.  I hope the media will not let the story go until there is some resolution and restitution.  Sadly the fact that this woman has since died means that she will never have experienced any type of positive outcome.
I found it interesting noting the high percentage of White Women of privilege in the march.
I'm sure there are a lot of white, Asian, black, Middle eastern, etc elderly parents living alone in their big houses. Their kids have moved out.  The elderly parents are now retired. It is understandable if they don't sell their big house. They can sit in their backyard. Occasionally, their kids will come back to their childhood big house for visits. There are grandkids who need bedrooms while they visit their grandparents.  It is understand if people in their 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's do not sell their big empty nest house.  If you get along with your parents, why not continue living with your parents in their big house?   WASPs usually move out of their parents' house at an early age. But Chinese, East Indians / South Asians, Italians, other Europeans, etc usually live with their parents until they can afford to buy a home or they get married.  Living with your parents, you save money. And the parents usually give some money for down payment.
Nobody said you have to be embarrassed to be White That’s just fear mongering  You DO have to recognize your privilege however Nothing wrong with that  Is there?
No....white nationalist from the South are the HEART and SOUL of the Democrat Party! You forget that it was the Republican Party that ended slavery. The Democrat Party established the KKK soon thereafter....
Ironic isn't it? Older man. Hillside. Homeowner. I'm guessing white.   (But since ADN doesn't publish all info identifying criminals or suspects I can't be sure. Seems like an old white guy to me.)  For the love of God SHOOT THIS GUY before he kills someone!! He isn't coming out anytime soon. Is that not abundantly clear to LEO?   Over 24 hours and every criminal asshat in town knows where APD, SWAT, EMS and the Media is focused. Fabulous. Excellent waste of tax dollars.   We don't shoot child abusers or the New York Bomber or this guy, but we shoot unarmed black people. Yep, totally logical. If anyone gets shot or killed their blood is on LEO's crap decision to allow this armed gunman to have a standoff over 24 hours. Is this going to turn into suicide by SWAT?
So we know that a specific minority in the world is more likely to be engaged in terrorist activity. But rather than protect the majority we handcuff ourselves through political correctness? Would the same apply if the specific minority in the world were white, Anglo-Saxon, Protestants? I doubt it. Such is the double standard today (look at our inability to have an open and honest conversation about the disproportionately high level of crime in certain ethnic communities in Canada), and it has infested every facet of Canadian society. Just look at the imposition of quotas in hiring. I recently applied to Rogers and was asked to disclose if I were LBGQT, a minority, or disabled. It did not seem to matter if I were the most qualified candidate and I have come up with similar processes at the likes of TD, CIBC, RBC, BMO, Scotiabank, etc. Successive governments (but predominantly those with leftist leanings) seem Hell bent on pandering to the lowest common denominator. This must stop.
If Trump loses, I think the GOP will split. Trump supporters will either leave or take over the GOP. If the true conservatives somehow take over, the Trump supporters will form a white identity party. They want to take us back to sometime before 1960. Trump is clearly the preferred candidate of Klansmen, Nazis, and general bigots.
No.  The cause Robert Lee and others fought for - the maintenance and expansion of slavery - was already odious in that time.  It was the polar opposite of the "Do unto others as you'd have them do unto you" creed.  He was a superb general but in the service of a horrible cause, and those statues should have never been erected in the first place.  For the record, I'm largely opposed to statues of Louis Riel in Canada because of his treasonous acts.  However, he was standing up for his people without (necessarily) calling for the subjugation of all others.  It's a nuanced issue, and some of his supporters are explicitly racist towards whites, but it's far from clear that Riel wanted all whites expelled from Western Canada.  What he definitely wanted was a better deal for the Metis.    But it's very clear what cause Robert E. Lee was fighting for, and it's nothing to be celebrated.
Repeal it, YES. Replace it, NO.  Get the feds out of the health care business!!  Obama’s legacy? He destroyed our economy with measures like the ACA and immigration amnesty. The “Affordable” Care Act has been nothing short of a disaster. My health insurance bill is up to $550/month. (Compare this to my $25/month auto insurance from Panda or my $10/month renters insurance… both private enterprise!) And he is anti-police, anti-white, anti-Christian.. you name it!  The ONLY thing the federal government should be doing in health care is smoothing the lines between states, so that when one needs health care out of state they can have it under the commerce clause.  Health care is neither a right nor an entitlement....
According to the 2015 FBI hate crime statistics, the latest available, there were 613 anti-white-related crimes out of 5,850 total cases. That's around 10.5 percent of all reported hate crimes, and within the yearly average, federal numbers show.  By comparison, the FBI reports there were 1,745 anti-black hate crimes or about 30 percent of all reported incidents. Jews were the most targeted religious group that year and were victims of 11 percent of all hate crimes. It's not clear how many anti-Jewish hate crime victims also may have been attacked because of their race.  The SPLC found that the number of hate groups operating in 2016 rose to 917 – up from 892 in 2015. The number is 101 shy of the all-time record set in 2011, but high by historic standards.
And just how was Senator Beyak's weird sayings nuanced? She claims to have gay and First Nations friends, but I doubt she has one. Unless she's claiming Tomson Highway as two. And Senator Beyak doesn't seem to have read Highway's novel Kiss of the Fur Queen of she'd have known his praise of residential schools was tongue in cheek.  Grey? What is there that's grey here? What's crazy is that Senator Beyak, without giving any reason why, chose to praise Residential Schools for their good works despite the atrocities that happened there. This is a major faux pas. The kind made by those who travel only in their own little social circles so don't know there's a big wide world out there of different views and opinions.  Grey?! Heck, Beyak only wants a White world.
Mighty white of you, I'm sure.
My point was that as much as you dismiss Springsteen, or think that you should be able to give him input on his songwriting to have his songs better represent fast food workers, a tiny drop of piss dribbled out of him this morning that's more credible than you in the music industry. He was considered a talented up and coming artist in the early 1970's, he's made top ten records that covered un-coverable independent bands, he wrote for Patti Smith when you were in diapers.   Have some goddamn respect.   The reason you look like such a childish person right now is that you are trying to hand-wave away Springsteen's 40 year career as a well-respected, credible, honest, and down to Earth musician, and the only reasons you've given amount to "he's white, he's got a bunch of money, he doesn't write song about Subway, and he wears jeans". This is the guy that wrote Tougher Than the Rest, chump.   You know what Kane West would call you, Martin? A player hater. Don't hate, Cizzy, ameliorate.
Why would you even ask that question? Is it because you cannot speak to the points I made and you just want to try and pigeon hole me? Guess what confused, I along with many others have grown weary of the left always labeling with demeaning terms those opposed to the failed policies you on the left have embraced.  So, right back at yea, are you a racist? Do you continue to support the failed policies of our inner cities? Do you think BLM only when a  white person takes the life? Do you only support freedom of speech and expression when those doing the speaking or expressions agree with your narrow view? Do you want a nation run by brown shirts enforcing you and your ilks ideas and views? Are you extremely intolerant of others? Want more? I can go on about how narrow minded the left is, and to be fair, their are a bunch of folks on the right who refuse to see anything from another point of view, does one outweigh the other? I think not.
You're as gullible as they come... it's always the white guy!!! Maybe there's something too it Do some self reflection
George Soros is ONE billionaire in a Global Economy of White Imperialism. Who funded the False US nation to fight Britain- The answer is Capitalism & Slavery.
Why is it written almost derisively that Ireland is a country that is " more than 90% white" as though that is a bad or backwards thing. Ireland is home to the Irish people who happen to be white and are also the native people of the Island with thousands of years of roots on the Island.  Canada was more than 90% white as recently as the late 1980s.
And there you hit the nail on the head: more dependency on government handouts, more auto-voters for the left.  Chicago, stop teaching your black kids that they are no good and have no chance to make anything out of their life because of the big bad racist white man. Stop creating victims, stop teaching them that you, the good lefty witch, will take care of them from the cradle to the grave, all in return for a vote. Stop teaching them to hate employers, stop teaching them to hate corporations, stop teaching them to hate successful people.  Nah, the left needs more victims: the last election clearly showed that they still don't have enough of them.
Interesting riff.  Helm, exemplar of the white male literary genius.  "Dreams are ours alone.  Never to by spied on, stolen . . . " He regards himself and warbles his entitlements. What is less heart warming is out of sight.  https://revengehacker.wordpress.com/
Sec. Clinton has received 3 million more votes than Sen. Sanders who has done very well in overwhelmingly white states. I expect he will win big in Oregon, a state whose first constitution expelled non-white citizens, but he will not be the nominee.
You are incorrect in your statement mr. Tractor, not all those documents stated that whites are superior.  They did list slavery to one degree or another as a partial reason for SECESSION,  but secession is not war.  The Confederate battle flag in question did NOT even exist at the time those documents were written.  It should also be noted that you list only 4 out of 13 secession declaration documents.  None of the others list slavery as even a partial reason.   Please note that Stephens was against secession but his state seceded anyway. Also note that Lincoln held similar racist views and that not all or even most southern leaders agreed with Stephens.  Even if you try to make a case that secession was caused partially over slavery that does not affect the battle flag nor the causes of the actual war, which is separate from secession.  Lincoln stated the war was over taxes and revenue,  not slavery.   The war was not over slavery,  the battle flag is not about slavery.
Regarding white evangelicals hopes for the Trump presidency: these social justice issues were always a part of the democrats' focus. Why weren't the evangelicals promoting social justice under President Obama? Of course, since he is a democrat nothing he does, even that which purportedly dovetails with christian teaching, is worth supporting. Only vacuous rhetoric from the conservative side that gives lip service to social justice anything is worth the attention of the self-named 'Christians' of the right-wing.
And they go back to living on the land without the filthy White man's technology or fossil fuels...
There was a fellow survivor there who could not put two coherent sentences together because of the psych meds that she needed to cope with what she had endured as a six year old. There were several older Catholics who had struggled and were still struggling with staying in a Church that allowed the abuse to occur and repeatedly covered it up. There was a significant amount of pain shared that day. As a survivor, I had always considered that it was an" us versus them" scenario. I learned that day that things were not so black and white. There  were priests and lay people that really cared about what had happened to me and my fellow survivors. As a recovering alcoholic, I have attended meetings that were not the same every day meetings. They rise to a spiritual level when someone shares aspects of their recovery that touches everyone in the room. The "healing circle" was like that for me. I thank the people who attended for taking a day out of their lives to actually listen to me.
Everything written above is based on fact  and very disturbing. However, while we have people still defeding the ANC and blaming WMC and the white media, this country is doomed.  Zuma knows the weakness of the people and is taking full advantage of this weakness. South Africans must show a united front if they want change.
Problem can be solved by hiring more blacks for their neighborhood.  Over 82% OF the police force in Toronto is white. The population of Toronto is only 48% white. Majority of officers are related to each other which is not healthy for the police force of Toronto. Also get rid of the union and it becomes more accountable.
So what are you saying that white people are going to go crazy white supremacist if they feel marginalized? This is the best they can do, allow themselves to be used by the 1% and prey on the non-whites who have been marginalized for a very long time? Trump's followers are not the vanguard but the rearguard--the tools of the super rich--their attack dogs if you will. They form the racist front line of the Koch directed movement. You'll notice the new and prominent role of the KKK in Republican electoral politics. This is the lack of refinement to which I refer. Their rhetoric and ideology are racist. They are racist. Until this impure element is first paralyzed and then excised from the body politic, racism will be the vehicle that will help the agenda of the 1% to succeed. Their (white) servants can be counted on to behave according to their programming and history repeats itself. The White Supremacy of the 1% holds sway and whites fall into line.
No, Jacklh.  "Old Southern White Guy" is a VERY useful phrase. Once it is uttered everyone knows the characteristics that are being referred to - - no translation needed.
I had two aunts that were Sisters of St. Dominic.  Both were very orthodox when they were young, then they became progressive (after Vatican II) in middle age, then, finally, quite orthodox in their twilight years: I was very surprised at that; I never saw it coming!  I asked one of them why their Superior General, in pictures, always wore her Dominican, black and white, habit?  My aunt answered honestly: It was for political reasons: She knew she'd get a lot more donations from orthodox, wealthy Catholics if she wore a traditional habit.  Sad, but true.
Won't someone please think of the White People? There is a #whitegenocide going on, people. They have to abstain from using the n-word! It's tyranny!  /s
The reporting was that there were hundreds of "white nationalists" and this is borne out by the videos of the protests.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/fights-in-advance-of-saturday-protest-in-charlottesville/2017/08/12/155fb636-7f13-11e7-83c7-5bd5460f0d7e_story.html  I don't know who reported "about 50 people in the permitted group" but clearly whoever did was either lying or cannot count.
White people counsel patience - for black people!  White people can luxuriate in patience; what's the problem? White people don't understand "white privilege" that comes w. their skin. In 1969 I attended a poetry reading by Leroy Jones in Boston. When I came to the auditorium, being white, I was told I had to sit in the balcony. The ground floor was for people of color only. First and only time in my life I was discriminated, segregated because of my skin color.  It was a teachable moment by Leroy Jones.  White people do not waste a nano second while awake or a moment of sleep concerned that they might be discriminated or segregated because of skin color. For black Americans discrimination is always, if not on the front burner, always on the back burner.  White people don't understand "white privilege" because of their skin which gives them a passport to move freely, never an object of suspicion. White people will righteously counsel blacks to be patient.
Radical Islam like White Supremacist Christianity?  All demanding to be armed to the teeth spouting the 2nd amendment "rights"?  Stay with the topic instead of injecting unrelated issues outside of the intent of the opinion - gun control.  It would have been so much better to have McCain/Palin running the show.
Actually I think Hawaii is pretty good.  We can easily see our local representatives without any  trouble.  We have a legislature that is open in which it is easy to submit testimony on bills.  Tell me have you done this?  No I wouldn't blame republicans for the current state of affairs in Hawaii.  Neither would I give them any credit for the good things in Hawaii.  Republicans are just the party of no.  Bunch of selfish white rich boys generally who feel they are entitled.  Wouldn't be bad if they do something constructive but they don't.  They just believe in wasteful government spending. No thanks.
jane, if you do some checking, you will find out that rich, white, christian males have ruled the world for many centuries. they are just now being exposed because of the internet. sorry but you are not wrong.
Yep.  And how Trump has to read a prepared statement condemning neo-Nazis and white supremacists.  You'd like to think most people could do that off the top of their head, especially the president.
Ruben dear I am so sorry that I didn't spell your name the way you like it. Unlike you I don't read things into names. I don't think you can tell a persons religion from their name dear. To say that white people can't spell  is nasty dear. I asked if you learn things in high school cause you write like my high school students do. It nothing to be ashamed of. And someone high school isn't uneducated dear that's a mean thing to say.
As a white, mid 40's male, I guess the only reason I am where I am is because I'm white?  Ability, aptitude, perseverance, hard work...I guess that was all a waste of time?  Now, I could understand someone calling me privileged if I got somewhere with out earning it or was born with a different last name.  But alas that is not the case unlike someone else we all know who got where he got based on his last name - that is what I call white privilege.
"The US founding fathers were technically traitors too." . They were traitors to England. And you do not see statues of them all over the UK. And importantly, they were successful traitors, founding a thriving country (the USA) that became an important ally of the UK. The Confederates were not only traitors to the USA, they were failures. And yet, half a century after their failure, the KKK and other such groups were putting up monuments  to those failed traitors all over the place.  . And unlike their Confederate counterparts, the DoI, AoC, and USC had absolutely no mention of the "superiority" (or inferiority) of any race or races. So in no sense was the USA founded on white supremacy.
Okay. I'm getting a little tired of how bent people are getting over B-Marsh's kneeling or not.  How does it really affect you if he does?  And yes, he does put his proverbial money where his mouth is.  Now, I'm a big Bronco fan living in Raleigh, NC.  Follow me here.  I go to a couple of NHL Carolina Hurricane games during their season.  However, during the singing of the National Anthem, hundreds (maybe thousands) of fans will scream "Red" during the phrase "Rockets Red Glare".  And that's only because Red, Black, and White are team colors.  At other times, if there is a clever play on words about a player's name, they will yell that out during the Anthem as well.  That is very disrespectful.  But I guess that's okay because it's white folks doing it?  I get it, not every one that reads this is in NC.  But the Dallas Stars do the same thing.  So, if you are upset over kneeling, you better be upset over disrespect for the Anthem as well.
Trump calls for unity? I guess that means that all Americans should just accept the white supremacist Nazis, shouting "Jews won't replace us", "blood and soil"?  Capitulation to these lowlifes hopefully will never happen.
Does it need to be pointed out that conservatives just are not funny.  There are more than enough people who would be willing to watch a late night comedic talk show with a conservative bend to it, but what would such a show look like?  How exactly is is going to be funny, or entertaining?  I can only name one conservative comedian, Dennis Miller, and he is okay but not great.  How exactly is Trump going to have a show that gives equal time to conservatives?  The ones currently out there (Hannity, Rush, etc) are just angry white guys who complain about everything.  But they are not funny, not even terribly entertaining.    What would such a show look like?
I think Brain Beutler (New Republic) got it right:  "Whether Melania knew she was reading plagiarized text or not (and I think it’s quite likely she did not) it’s just devastating to see a campaign premised on the imagined notion of Obama incompetence get caught stealing from Obama’s own operation.  But the power of the images is actually much deeper. They don’t just negate something central to Trump’s appeal. They amplify one (actually more than one) of the main knocks on Trump himself: That he’s sloppy, erratic, in so many ways the opposite of the virtues he claims to embody. And, let’s not gloss over it, this is a depiction of a campaign—a campaign that nurtures white grievance and resentment—trying to profit off the work of a black woman, from an African American family that Trump and his supporters regularly belittle. The fact that the plagiarized text in question was about the value of hard work just makes matters worse. A mortifying, calamitous, self-immolating moment."
I admit I don't know much about sovereign nations to go tit for tat w/ Alaskan history. I was born and raised here, married a Native man and blessed to have a biracial child. I am honored to be a part of his family. I have spent time w/ his large extended family and never heard them say not to follow the law or ignore "white" people rules. As a white person, many people make Native comments without thinking. It hurts my heart when I hear "another drunk Native" and other such comments, I don't ever want my daughter to feel "less than" and that "her" people are any less important than "other people".  I judge people by their actions, which they can control, and not their skin color, which they can't control. As a parent I'm dreading the day when she realizes how many Alaskans hate Natives simply because they are Native. Because how do I explain that? How does that make her feel towards non Natives? Anchorage crime rates prove we are no better than anyone in the bush & we have cops!
Oh yes, Chuck...It is all about race isn't it. I have news for you, refusing to offer free health insurance carte blanche is NOT punishing the poor.  And futhermore how on earth can you claim to know what "white evangelicals" think ? Are you clairvoyant ? Omnipresent ? Bigoted ?  I have three boys and want to spend money on THEIR future in hopes that they can outrun us an help to solve some of these problems rather than add to them. Your 60's hippy rhetoric has not done the Black man any favors, has it. This is YOUR problem, you have created a new generation of slavery.
Bush43 has a Mexican wife and drew 46% of the Hispanic vote.  Trump blew the Mexican illegal immigrant problem way out of proportion, basically calling all Mexicans rapists and murders.  That cost him about 20 pts in the Hispanic vote, and no, it wasn't made up for with redneck white supremacist.  It was offset by people like me who don't like him personally, but thought he had a better message than Hillary about reviving the economy with lower taxes and less regulation.
The concept of white male privilege is a hypothesis which attempts to explain fewer women & persons of colour in certain industries and in lower socio-economic strata. But it is a theory. And the success of immigrant populations such as the Jews, and multiple asian populations demonstrates how weak that theory is.
Well, thank you for explaining what you really mean. I'm a Caucasian UNM grad and I do not feel disrespected the actions of these five people. Freedom of expression is just that, not freedom of expression to satisfy all the irrational wants of other people. What you fail to see is that everyone is ethnocentric, but in a culture dominated by a certain perceived pigmentation and cultural subset (white male) other viewpoints fall to the wayside. You and your failed President feel the need to maintain this authority paradigm (status-quo) and anyone who expresses something that doesn't conform is morally bankrupt.
The cartoon you posted on and what your are insinuating in your comment.  Two died on a Portland train defending a young Muslim woman.  AM radio and Fox pump out fear and loathing at an alarming rate. A Muslim girl gotten beaten to death in VA this past week but no one says anything about that. A black soldier was murdered in Maryland and it is being investigated as a hate crime.   The "Democrat" was an angry white man and domestic abuser who shouldn't have been able to buy a gun.   Alex Jones says HRC was a demon.  Coulter said NYC would be better without Jewish people.  Palin put targets on people's heads in a flyer. Trump invited Nugent to the white house.  Spare me with the pearl clutching.
Surely it was Russian men who surrepticiously pressured white women to vote against her....
I'll leave the "constructive" conversations for those willing to frustrate themselves. My rights aren't up for debate--know what I mean? I take the white man approach--I know my rights both civil and natural and I don't mind defending them, by any means necessary. Some people have the impression they can bully women when they go to the doctor but homegirl here doesn't play that BS game for one nanosecond. You know what John Lennon said, "happiness is a warm gun...."
The Constitution does not distinguish between the rights of one person and the rights of somebody else. Yet Liberals and leftists think some people ( white males) have to forfeit their rights so that other may have theirs. Its an "either-or" battle for who may or may not have human rights in Canada based on the idea that  rights for white men and the rights for others are mutually exclusive.   The simple idea of equality is considered unfair and even illegal.
"Dan Letwin, a history professor at Penn State, wrote a timely "ode to alternative facts":  Well now, Kellyanne Conway has lately conceived Of a new understanding of what to believe When the truth gives you heartburn, don't worry, relax You can always resort to alternative facts!  Oh it works for the Donald and all of his hacks As they go 'bout promoting their retrograde acts Don't fret if your documentation is lax You can always get by with alternative facts! Don't fear all those women with signs on their backs The straight and the queer, the whites and blacks You can trivialize them with snide little cracks And wash them away with alternative facts! Just as loggers might swing an alternative ax And fell a great tree with alternative whacks When the truth won't cooperate, try some new tacks We live in an age of alternative facts!"
There's clearly a replacement happening in Canada, and for some reason the intelligentsia don't care and/or don't talk about it. No matter your sense, it's happening, and as far as I'm concerned you also don't mind. Diversity! But that's not supposed to include whites AND those who think differently.
UofT is completely wrong, Canadian Nationalist have nothing to do with White Supremacists.
Native perspectives: The only white issues based on Hawaii's unfortunate history is with the American white businessmen that were driven by greed and self gain. French, German, Swiss and *Italians have always been welcomed here. Especially the women. Time has branded haole to white Americans. Getting thru this will take a lot of history making changes to remove the infamous brand that they earned.
Senator Gardner, these are YOUR voters.  republicans have courted these voters since 1964.  Maybe you need to take a good look into the mirror?  I am glad you made a statement against "white nationalism" but you will need to make more than one photo-op and tweet to really counter this madness.
What did people think would happen? Black Lives Matters have been violent and at some rallies encourage beating of whites. A violent hate filled group on one-side will naturally enlarge a hate group on the other side. Only middle of the road thinking is the answer . Only the people who believe in hate will pick a side.
The author, Page is totally clueless IMHO.  Trump has never endorsed White supremacy and he was 100% correct; both sides are to blame.  BLM has been protesting, looting, fighting and rioting for months now and as soon as White people come out it's a problem?!  Talk about media hypocrisy!    It's called, PUSH-BACK.  Get used to it people.  There is much more to come.
A lot of us old folks grew up with Mayberry RFD, on black and white TVs.  Its great to be able to watch those shows again instead of all the reality cr@p.  Sure wish we could see some Fireball XL5.  Have you any clue what Fireball XL5 is about?
I am not clear where this persecution complex comes from. Even today, 85 percent of CEOs and 100 percent of Prime Ministers are white males. Let's go one step further. In a  technology company in the US (a friend pointed this out to me), the engineers are largely Asian. As you go up the organizational chart, it gets whiter. Unless the company is founded by an Asian.   Unfortunately, the percentage of CEOs and VPs and Prime Minsters is going to see less white males in the future (its impossible to increase the percentage of white males who will be PMs, for example). This cannot be considered generosity or a sacrifice. It is just laws of statistics playing out.
The by-line for this article is SHOCKINGLY offensive, derived from the columnist's concluding paragraph.  If you move a mouse over the article's main page icon, you see this by-line:  "There's a difference between feeling mildly peeved, and actually being subjected to violence, which happens to women and minorities every day".  Hello?  Seriously, hello?  Um, VIOLENCE happens to MEN every day and, indeed, happens to WHITE MEN every day.  Where does this newspaper GET OFF, with its exclamation, painting society as a place where WHITE MEN are THE source of violence, and its victims are WOMEN AND MINORITIES?  What derailed and inflammatory NONSENSE.  Men in North America are killed at a rate THREE TIMES HIGHER than women, and murdered black folks are killed NINETY PERCENT OF THE TIME by other black folks (FBI crime statistics, "Race, Ethnicity, and Sex of Victim by Race").   The exclamation in question is NOT a helpful contribution to any meaningful discussion on violence in society.
Totally. Especially his brashness. People are getting sick and tired of the PC culture, of the Left/SJWs using thug tactics to block differentiating opinions. It is very tiring being constantly called a racist or a sexist or a homophobe for just having a different view, and for being a straight white male.
Correction diverdave, "I am a racist...I am a Ku Klux Klan member...I am a white supremacist...I am a skinhead...I am a neo-Nazi...and you endorsed my views.  You ennobled me.  You allowed me to come out of hiding.  I am your strongest supporter.  I believe your tweets."
Oh, don't mind us Albertans comments, we just hated the......blankity blank.
"JR - I'm not afraid of being stopped and frisked because I'm a law abiding citizen." That sounds like something a white man would say. The rest of us know that being innocent does not prevent being abused by the police.
Antifa is a violent fascist group. They have demonstrated this through their actions towards suppressing speech that they deem contrary to what they believe. They act as the judge, jury and executioner.  I understand standing up to neo-nazis, the kkk and white supremacists. When you attack individuals because they have a slogan on their hat that has nothing to do with hate groups you are the alt-left  deplorables. If they had any courage they would not attack with their faces covered....reminds me of the kkk wearing hoods. Their tactics have been critcized by the Southern Povery Law Center.
Anti-white bias is a phrase straight out of the alt-right universe
Alright. There are some nuances, but most mass shooters are still white males. There were a couple black mass shooters, and one women, but the thought that this one justifies a war against neatly 1/4 the worlds population is completely off track. Most mass shooters had some major failures in their lives and or psychological problems before they went on a rampage--this guy falls into that profile regardless of the reasoning he proposed. He wasn't affiliated with terrorists. He had known psychological problems, was on an FBI list and was allowed to buy a semi-auto rifle that isn't suitable for anything other than killing people.
I pulled up that list from from 2010. There is wide diversity of races. For example 10% are Indian.  To say "Nearly all of the faces were white." is blatantly incorrect. Does it raise the question that this teacher has now negatively influenced the thinking of these young children?....and why didn't the teacher correct the student by pointing out the diversity of the list?
Then stop pushing it.  Your posts are all about identity politics and insulting anyone who isn't white.
Keep in mind that Barbara Bush was the woman who said this about the Iraq War: "But why should we hear about body bags and deaths, and how many, what day it's gonna happen, and how many this or that or what do you suppose? Or, I mean, it's not relevant. So, why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that ..."  And she said made the following comments about people displaced by Hurricane Katrina:  "What I'm hearing, which is sort of scary, is they [the Hurricane Katrina refugees in the Houston Astrodome] all want to stay in Texas. Everyone is so overwhelmed by the hospitality. And so many of the people in the arena here, you know, were underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well for them."  Of course, being a wealthy white sociopath myself, I completely agree with Barb's sentiments.  But you might want to consider whether someone like this deserves your sympathies.
eric, i know about it. just cant understand how rich, white, christian men became involved.
Not racism at all; if you allow criminals in the country you get criminal behavior. It is irrespective of his race; If he was a white Norwegian with a Criminal Record I would expect him NOT to be allowed in this country.
Mr Mason, I fail to see why you're so agitated. I see no leftist angle, no attempt to justify the terrible actions of a few these last several days. I do see a discussion of the fact that Portland, like any other city, has a past marked by racial discrimination, and thus we should acknowledge the historical basis for the anger we've seen of late. As the article notes, Oregon was established in the 19th century as a whites-only territory. Red-lining, which occurred until the 1950s and prevented people of color from buying homes in certain neighborhoods, has left a legacy where inherited wealth skews overwhelmingly to whites. And let's not forget about Vanport (which almost everyone has). The point is that racial discrimination is never a thing of the past. It's not a problem we've solved, and now let's just get over it. It lingers and simmers and reaches us in the present. Isn't that worth knowing? Doesn't any solution in the present depend on an honest acknowledgment of the past?
Were  he to go to China and  the hostess who speaks   Mandarin  says she has a hard time pronouncing his name. would he go public and write a scathing letter to denounce her as a n insufferable racist? Of course not, that would be rude. But no such tolerance for  Canadian white people.  I am sure he will also  consider it a racist slur if she doesn't invite him back after this.
When a white cop shoots a black man, or an indigenous woman is murdered, their racial identities are in every news report.  Why is the racial identity of the criminal in this instance not mentioned?
The party's internal debate is over how to shed the elitist image and expand their appeal beyond minorities to low-educated white folk. Mr. Trump draws on the emotional intensity of the rabble. He's uninformed, his appeal is to the uninformed, and the country endures the consequences. --- For starts, if they want to shed the "elitist image", they need to avoid columnists who trade in slippery terms like "low-educated white folk" (the "poor" will do) and "the rabble" (def. "ordinary people, especially when regarded as socially inferior or uncouth"). There's probably more than image involved.
White folk have argued for centuries that their unique history, culture and language make them a distinct nation separate from Canada. The region known as honkies town has also long complained about a fiscal imbalance with those immigrant loving globalists.   They argue they send more tax dollars to the central government than the immigrant loving globalist government gets back in terms of public investment for things like infrastructure, health care and education.   Economists say there is a gap but it has been shrinking as Canada's economy improves.
Mark, I don't think this is racist. He is saying SOME white people. A racist would have just said white people. And he's correct. Some white people don't believe that we take the best from other cultures. I personally love the diversity in America.
I'm not a fan of BLM nor do I defend their tactics in any way.  Your comment however, is so superficial and simplistic that it borders on offensive.   While much, much worse in the US, stereotyping and racial profiling does exist in Canadian police services and needs to be addressed.   The issue is a disproportionate number of black youth (many who would not  be there at all if their skin was another colour) get pulled into the "corrections" system when police stereotype and make use of racial profiling.     As a privileged (white) young person, myself and friends often carried weed.  Not a single one of us was ever "randomly" stopped.   We got through our youth unscathed.   It just isn't the same experience for a young black male and that is a shame.
The 19th Century governing system, especially the Supreme Courts, handed down decisions for which too many of the population has paid ongoing penalties.  The "Christian Discovery" decision by John Marshall provided the justification for the genocide against all indigenous people throughout the world  Based on the edict of Roman Catholic Pope to originally justify the European Colonial Conquests on every continent.  Add in the segregation decision denying slave and progeny human and civil rights established a dictatorship of White Privilege anathema to the basic tenets of the U.S. Constitution.  Combined with the legislation enacted by the Robber Baron agents, human and civil rights were denied for a majority of the population.   The nation has been corrupt since its founding and continues to this day.  Time for a Revolution.
There are so many variables not taken  into consideration  that,  while the story is meant to be inflammatory, it is also useless.  Any student of statistical math would fail the course if this is the best he/she can do. Try to prove the police play favorites with white people. Go ahead. Let's put all the cards on the table, shall we?  But you won't.  You need smoke and mirrors to rabble rouse.
This is not "our" issue unfortunately. Bands have made it quite clear that interference by white society is not welcome, they have stated this over and over. White society is not culturally sensitive to their traditions and practices that has been made quite plainly obvious. This is one problem that needs to be solved at the local level.
This is infuriating. As many have mentioned, people receive benefits for all kinds of reasons- tall, attractive or even big breasted.   Despite historical transgressions, those white people who built Canada did a pretty good job many would admit in any other context.   I can inflame the discussion by saying there aren't many non white nations that have done so well.....but I won't.
Most know what the neo-nazis and the white supremacist stand for. We fought a world war to combat that ideology. I guess in your view, the Warsaw uprising against the Nazi regime should have been condemned because it was violent. Sometimes violence begets violence. You don't come to a peaceful rally armed to the teeth as the neo-nazis did.
Not me either.  I am a republican conservative old white guy.  Not a right winger.  A businessman.  I simply deliver products my clients request.  On the contrary, we find qualified old white guys HR departments actively are trying to get rid of with their so called "attrition" strategies in blatant violation of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the old white employees can't afford to fight. They also typically give their hiring managers and CEO's a list they are REQUIRED to choose from.  We get past all that. Many of our clients are shopped directly to the managers bypassing the HR machine.  But every one is screened for weird, creepy social media posts.  Or we are held accountable.
Charles what makes you think disrespect is being shown for the American flag?  I think if you bothered to really look at the motivations of these people you will actually find a respect for it by standing up for the rights of all citizens and not just whites.  Have you noticed any difference in the discussion of this latest shooter and the various shootings involving cops?  Notice this shooter was white but most of these protests involve the sensless killings of young blacks by cops?  How is having a police state respecting the flag?
Treason is not excusable.   No matter how it's passed off by right wing apologists, this can not be 'alternate fact' white washed any longer.    It's clear.  ...those pesky facts, matter.   This country deserves better than a con man for President.
In the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an English three Canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization Anglo-Saxon, WASP equivalent to the United States ("White Anglo-Saxon Protestants").  Four members have been Prime Ministers of Canada,  Sir John A. Macdonald (father of « Canadian Federation » but not « Father of Canada »  which is Sir Samuel de Champlain in 1608 ),  Sir John Abbott,  Sir Mackenzie Bowell (a past « Grand Master » (?)),  and John Diefenbaker.   In 1927 the “Orange” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group, the Canadian Ku Klux Klan, which had its deepest roots in small towns in Saskatchewan because of the "yellow peril", but also because of the blacks...Jews...Catholics... (The “Ku Ku Nest” in the province campaigned against= teaching French + wearing the religious habit + the presence of crucifixes in schools.)
Muslims are maybe 3- 5% of our population, white dudes maybe 30%. I'm just guessing but you get my drift. Yet you are comparing a dozen or so successful Islamist strikes on our population in just the last couple of years versus the occasional redneck militia that pops up every so often and are quickly dealt with. I can hardly think of a white militia that's had a lethal strike since Timothy McVeigh. I may have missed one or two but not many. And if your thinking of the various mass shootings that  have occurred over the years, those guys had their own individual twisted reasons for doing what they did. Islamist killers all share the same justification. I do know of a President who oversaw the burning alive of a group of people at the Branch Dividian Compound , including 19 children, because they were a cult. No, the FBI has been corrupted with PC and partisanship just like everything else this bunch touches. The Hillary email affair made that abundantly clear.
Yet you are okay with an old white guy in McCallum as Ambassador to China, too funny!
I'm Exhibit A.  Right.  I support the removal of Confederate monuments and applaud Mitch Landrieu, and I'm Exhibit A?  Bad lawyering.  What's Exhibit B?  Morgan Freeman?  The white Americans who voted for Obama?  Twice?  Yet you still allege that whites in general need to be reminded that black lives matter.  What a horrid accusation.  Despite "race norming," affirmative action in college admissions and hiring, you allege that whites generally don;pt give a damn whether blacks live or die --- because that IS the claim made by the very phrase "Black Lives Matter." --- that whites need to be reminded that it matters whether a black person lives or dies.   A horrible accusation to make against the white race.  No wonder there's such animosity now.  Re: Zimmerman, what bad law are you talking about?  So far as I know, the "bad law" under which Zimmerman was acquitted was standard self-defense law.
"never know the feelings of being black" turn it around and you will never know the feelings of being white.  "Black Like Me" from this white person view, was written at a time prior to the Equal Rights, it was an individual learning what the Blacks were going through, to inform the public, something wrong with that.  He never stated he was black, that was not his purpose, enlightment was.  Freedom and Rights are not taken away by Universities, Individuals, Groups, they cannot be taken away.  This was a party, in her home, her friends (care less if co-workers, students, FRIENDS),  Instead of going on, I'll use a person who fits your statement "because my blackness has no exit clause", Arthur Ashe "Days of Grace" I paraphrase Ashe, "Trouble with Blacks is they don't act Human" simply put, color is not the issue, it is an individual view, your human right? "I have a Dream" learn anything.  Who took picture? Why take Picture? Why show it?  1st question I had and others, answer it.
from the woman that claims that the city of Denver is prejudiced against white ppl.   It is amazing how many on BOTH the far right and far left accuse the other side of Orwellian language and hypocrisy, while ignoring their own.  Just followers of Trump and Stalin types.
Wow, while I agree with her diagnosis of some of the problems (women and minorities being underrepresented), her proposed solution is ridiculous- and I am pretty liberal. She ought to be proposing changes that would ensure people are based on the content of the character, not their skin color or gender identity. Having unqualified female minorities is no better than having unqualified white males.
cont'd   "If the word "Ferguson" makes you uneasy, I ask that you, too, listen to the people who were changed by Brown and then think about what they have said."  Ferguson doesn't make me uneasy.  It makes me furious.  Furious that some like McGivern use such such a clear case of self-defense to stir real hatred among many blacks toward whites.  How can the Brown case, seen through such relentlessly discolored lenses, NOT stir such hatred.  It seems to be the desired goal.  What other goal can it be when we are told that Brown would not have died had he been white, and that he was shot by a racist cop merely for being "imperfect"?
It is heartening to know that Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch of Colorado says he is not a Trump surrogate, does not feel that anyone is above the law including President Trump, and does not agree with political terrorist and rabidly racist Republican Rep. Steve King of Kansas who opposes race mixing, saying, "that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies." King is clearly un-American and a White Nationalist.
I'm normally loathe to attribute conduct by an individual to their parent. Aberration is what I presume.  But it is more difficult to do so here. The media is reporting that a former high school teacher of Fields saw and addressed Fields' early infatuation with Nazis and Hitler. If it was happening then (in high school), parents bear responsibility. The Mom presents (or portrays) herself as an innocent, naive to the White Supremacist/Nazi movement her son was involved with.  That may be accurate, but if so, at best, it also displays a parent not paying attention to a child favorably infatuated with racism and genocide. Watch to see if she revels in being deemed "Mother Mary" by White Supremacists, or issues a parent's apology to the family of the girl who died.
I didn't claim my job was 'tougher.' I stated, no implication, that we have choices regarding whether or not to commit a crime. Not with respect to whether we are born rich, poor, white, black or any other color, into a loving family or abusive jerks who should never have kids. The choice to commit a crime, however, IS ours. And with that, come consequences. Believe me, I know how it works, having defended more than 5,000 people who made the wrong choice for whatever reason.
The small state argument is invalid. The only reason the EC existed was for southern states with small vote populations(ie. rich land owning white men.) could counter the northern states.  This idea it was created to stop California as I hear the right say is silly at best and dishonest at best. The founders didn't this about gerrymandering or many other modern plagues on the political system, where is your religious like beliefs to remove gerrymandered districts?  This idea that you can just attack anything that you don't like and keep the things that allow you to win is one of the reasons the right is ignored when discussing history and other areas.  When you insist on shoving your own opinion into the Founder's mouths, you are coloring their words with your meanings. You see this a lot in religion, we are just now seeing it in politics because the right has become a cult.
I  never suggested whites are running the whole deal -  the bracketed text specifies the propaganda of the opponents - and no I don't know the stats of who the richest among us are - the reason the WMC acronym stuck or resonates is because of the narrative of "radical economic transformation"  There has been wide spread corruption for a very long time - but with the Zuma administration it seems it has reached epic proportions. The news media has often used 'looting' and other such terms to describe the amount of the country's money taken by the people in charge - the numbers are high.  And it's my sense that the people most unnerved are those with skin in the game or a dog in the fight to use another, perhaps better idiomatic expression, Everyday South Africans aren't phased by corruption and certainly not even if it's magnified or amplified. Everyday people experience corruption on a more or less daily basis  and just sigh, that's the reality.
Having spent the last 25 years of life in small town Alaska, I've had little recent experience of cities---Until now, living in Milwaukee, which has a higher gun violence per capita than Chicago, but isn't mentioned in articles like this.  We're here for extended family matters, and I help manage a local bakery---Several of my staff are from the destroyed neighborhoods on the north side, where riots so recently resulted in the burning of several businesses.  One, at 18, has been held up at gunpoint twice, recently.  They all know the young man who got shot by police.  I sometimes give them rides home at the end of the night and they worry about me driving through their neighborhoods.  In this city which is as segregated as a chessboard, crime is allowed to go unchecked---Until it crosses into a "white" neighborhood, where a black man can be arrested for approaching the wrong store (John Henson).
The current resident has cut off the funding of relevant grants, and shifted FBI and DHS programs from counting and documenting "hate crimes" across the board to an approach of looking ONLY at those perpetrated by immigrants. The attacks and killings by "white nationalists" and the like are no longer counted.
"White protesters"? I guess you weren't there. It was about half people of color, impacted by colonialism on probably 5 continents. Even if it were all white people, so what? We can't stand up against the oppression and suffering of others? That would be a sad world.
Not so sure - the sheep, federally and provincially anyway, usually vote along the lines CBC and other public TV wants.  But for sure it won't be another white guy mansplaining the news to us.
Neil8888 " To suggest every one potesting the removal of the statues is explicitly supporting white nationalist 100% is completely irresponsible of the Globe & Mail. "  To paraphrase Stephen Colbert from a recent monologue, if you were marching with the protesters against taking down the statues on Friday or Saturday while they chanted blood & soil, (etc) then you are not a good person.     That is the point.  Those who choose to align themselves with the values of the fringe right are not good people.  They are implicitly racist by explicitly supporting racists.
I once heard a old white man say, "If Blacks don't like the U.S., why don't they go back to Africa." I am not Black but it could apply to me since I am not white. Anyone who complains who is not white, the reply is going to be "Go back to Africa, China, Mexico, etc."
A multi-racial coalition of faith, student and community activists announced Saturday that they plan to march from Charlottesville, Virginia, to the nation’s capital in response what they called President Donald Trump’s failure to confront the white supremacy on display at a violent rally in the Virginia city earlier this month. The 10-day march will begin Monday and is expected to stop at Confederate monuments along the route. Organizers say white supremacist violence, rhetoric and policies have intensified since Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and must be confronted.
Lots of assumptions based purely on race, while actively supporting populist infested theories such as White Monopoly Capital (no such thing, just a few very connected rich people that have/had no problem exploiting the country and its people, many of them white, but by now many other hues, or shall we call the Billions now lost Black Corruption Capital? BCC? Racist isn't it?). I am not saying we need to do nothing to help with the impossible task of reuniting this wounded country. Yet cheap rhetoric and widening the racial divide sure won't help...especially if most of the damage, damage that will take away any chance of empowering the very people you state need to be economically empowered, is being done right now, by the very people that were supposed to save it. That damage is not driven by race (though the legacy of apartheid has caused immeasurable pain), but by greed of the ANC,the president and his partners.
You do realize the Radir D played the race card first, right? Like he usually does. He has a pattern of racist trolling. A lot of people who have frequented the DP comment section for years recognize this.   Did Trump hire Jeff Sessions because both are white? Racists never ask if white people hired white people because of racial nepotism but their first instinct is to ask if black people were hired because of skin color. Because racists instinctively think black people aren't qualified. It's always a given to the racists that a white guy is always the most qualified and they never question it for a moment. White racial nepotism is the oldest play in the good ol' boy playbook. White preferences are the original affirmative action and they're still the most common type of preferences. Many white people would be collecting cans from garbage cans if they weren't benefited by white preferences.
This author degrades her arguments by descending into her personal bias and committing ageism, racism, misandry, and cultural discrimination with "old southern white guy."
But we do, just ask the Girl who drove over Mr Dusenberry, but don't worry this is not a wealthy white girl from the hillside so of course they will get the book.
Johnny - sadly "Christian" terrorism is just as real as "Islamic" terroism.   McVeigh's horrific crime wasn't the last terrorist incident in this country to be carried out by a self-described Christian.        * Tim McVeigh carried out his bombing in 1995 (168 dead, over 600 wounded).      * Eric Rudolph carried out four bombings before he was finally caught in 2003.  He didn't blow up a marathon - he did bomb an Olympic celebration.      * "Christians" have murdered doctors and attacked (arson, shootings, bombings) medical clinics on a regular basis from 1995 to the present (e.g. Colorado Springs 2015).      * White Supremacists - who typically see themselves as defenders of "Christian" culture - have carried out terrorist acts of various kinds from 1995 to the present (e.g. Charleston 2015).  We (I am a Christian) live in a glass house.  We should think carefully before throwing stones.
Emily, this article is a joke right?  You can't be serious that ESPN did the right thing by moving Robert Lee to another game and you can't really believe he supported the move except for no other reason as his bosses thought he should support it and as a good employee he did what his bosses asked since it wasn't a crime or immoral.  I don't know about you but I totally believe I know what is racist and what isn't and I also understand not just whites can be racist.  This is just PC gone nuts and why I don't live by the PC rules.
Casting this haole as a Hawaiian continues the great Hollywood tradition of casting caucasians as non-whites.  As Jack Tatum points out, Jesus has been played by northern Europeans so often that most (white) Americans believe he was white instead of Semitic, conveniently forgetting that he was Jewish. Others commenters have mentioned other non-white roles played by whites.  In addition to the roles mentioned, I find Rex Harrison and Yule Brenner as Chinese and Al Jolson as African American particularly offensive--and, yes, he haole au.  As we should know by now, it's all about the $$$.
A coalition is a political alliance, and white supremacy was not marginal, but central, to Trump's appeal.  So, fair statement.
I completely agree and your analysis is perfect (though I guess I'd fit into the middle-class, middle-aged white category, the difference being that I grew up in SoCal and am an adventurous eater).    Most of the Mex food in this town is horrible.  Note how the owners continue to emphasize that the food is authentic but not spicy; it's one or the other and you can't call yourself a good Mexican restaurant if you walk that fine line.  Given the Latino population base in this town and the large number of Cali kids at the U of O, you'd think someone might take a chance and serve real Mexican food.  Tio Pepe out on River Road used to be the only authentic Mex in town, but with the retirement of their original owners the place can no longer call itself authentic.
The modern republican party has been appealing to its racist base for more than a generation.  I know it once was the party of Lincoln. But Ronnie Reagan signaled his intentions toward minorities when he opened his campaign in a town that was infamous because a black man had been recently lynched there. Bush Sr. defeated Dukakis by appealing to racial fears with the Willie Horton ads.  And Bush Jr. ( aka the disaster) totally ignored a minority community after it was devastated by Hurricane Katrina.    White people are very fond of calling minorities racists.  And it's true that some minorities are racists. But white racism is institutionalized and affects lives. I'd like to have an alternative to the democratic party.  However, republicans have more than demonstrated that any minority who votes for a republican needs to have their head examined!
Did anyone at the Globe & Mail do any checking on the veracity of this story? It seems to be one mans account with no back-up. I have watched quite a bit of footage shot in Syria and I have never seen a white helmet there, or heard anyone on the ground talk about them. Do they really exist?
Why not start taxing by race. If you are white you pay more, if you are male you pay more. And special deductions for how many  marginalized categories you fit ?
Same rights?  Have you heard of affirmative action?  What same rights?  If you are a white male in Canada, and you are not very well connected, you have the right to collect the dirty job premium in construction, mining and so on.  You wish you had same rights!
So true. They wanted the "white man" to accept all the blame but evidence points to the aboriginals themselves.
Obviously if a white male gets a promotion or is hired it is due to white privilege and proof of the continuation of the white oppressor power structure.  The solution is obviously to prevent white males from applying and institute a strict quota system so that on a regular basis, say every time a new census is completed, the allocation of positions can be re-evaluated and re-distributed.  Thus, if today a certain group accounts for 10% and at the next census they are 12% then an extra 2% gets a chair.  With fewer white males in positions of oppression, that will result in more progressive, open minded, peace loving, good all round people to be these positions.    Racism and discrimination will be a thing of the past once and only once white males are no longer part of the problem.
Don't look now, X, but the majority of students attending the posh Ivy League universities are White.  And what about the Mormon universities; they too are predominantly White.  We don't hear people screaming about the nearly all White universities.  But print a local story about a potential tribal college opening and naysayers are all over it like white on rice.
Your minority President -Elect...big dot here, nothing else should be said. He does represent white minority, but race should not be an issue in elections, should it ?
White male consciousness is rising. Nothing Sarah can do to stop it.
The Black Americans who helped build the ALCAN were from three all Black Army Engineering units. Until that time, Congress had not allowed black units to serve with white units. Because men were in short supply due to serving over seas, the road was in danger of not being completed by the deadline. Their work was credited as being crucial to the completion. It is of historical importance when one examines the period of history and what it was like for the men who were serving but who were segregated. Some or most had never been allowed to vote. It is of great historical note that because their work on the ALCAN resulted in the armed forces being intergrated by President Truman in 1948.  Honoring them or acknowledging them does not take away from the work of all the armed forces, American and Canadian who they worked with.  It is amazing that men who had been treated so badly in the segregated services and who had experienced ill treatment were willing to serve.
Agreed, but they breed like rabbits and get on WIC.  Google Joe Miller.  When white people do it, the fundies look the other way.
The Globe did publish an article about the business at Ryerson; it was by Wente. But I don't buy that Trump was "empowered" by suffocating political correctness.  He was empowered because a hell of a lot of Americans are simply fed up wit a system they feel, rightly, screwed by.  As to the supposed anti-Trump bias of the Globe...I think they got Trump right, and a lot of it came right out of the horse's mouth.  Trump is a pig, and does have a man suspiciously close to white supremacist ideology suspiciously close to his ear.   Every newspaper, website and TV network approaches issues from an angle; that's nothing new, and why we should read more than one source.  The National Post will tell you plenty about what it thinks of those opposing Transmountain.   All the Globe got wrong about Trump is why a lot of people supported him, although their numbers are about 2.5 million shy of Clinton supporters.  I can't name a respectable media outlet that wasn't "anti-Trump" and with good reason.
The league is made up of wealthy conservative white owners who are offended that Colin Kaepernick would mount such a protest.  Obviously the owners also don't want to see ticket sales and revenues go down - though I doubt this would be a long-term issue.  Kaepernick is good enough to start on some teams but would be at least a back-up almost anywhere else.  Kind of sad to see him blacklisted.
They deleted my comment calling you a racist for always including a subtle anti-White American dig. Got your toadies protecting you huh? Just like Hillary in SO many ways.
You're right, it's not relevant. Are you saying that stress levels put middle aged white males at a disadvantage and so they should receive special privileges in order to compensate?
Tough to say as I am not so sure the majority of the 23 million voted for Trump.  Lets remember lower income Americans are disproportionately non-white and Trump for obvious reasons did horrible amongst non-whites as well as a high percentage are probably millennials too who Trump did poorly amongst.  In middle America, the idea of rugged individualism runs quite deep and anything involving bigger government people often reflexively oppose even if it will benefit them.
The victim mentality for racial groups is no longer valid, and certainly not enough to compel government forced equal outcomes.  The impact of the legacy of slavery- if there is any remaining- is utterly overshadowed and outweighed by the effect that the Liberal Welfare State has made on modern day black communities. . In the 20's and 30's, black single mother households were in the low 20%-- today it is well over 71%   . In 2012, the elite Stuyvesant High School in New York now admits less than 1/10th of the number of blacks that it did 33 years earlier.  In 1993 those graduating out of Dunbar High School and going on to college was less than it was 60 years before- which would have been in the depths o the Great Depression.   So clearly- it's all because of the rich and white upper middle class? Hardly. . This is only and utterly about culture, not race.  And it's culture mired by Leftist social policies. They can't contiue if schools and teachers like Mr. Ruhlin want to thrive.
Thank you, Martha, for your excellent piece. Hopefully the vocal White community members in Eugene will start to turn their attention to how to support and listen to Black community members instead of spending so much energy spouting their opinions on matters of racial aggression when it is just not their area of expertise.
Tell you what, I say leave the statue there and build one next to it commemorating the thousands of blacks who were lynched by white racists. These victims, more so than a rich, white general, are the true heroes and martyrs of the American struggle for equal rights.
Racist card easy to find?  "Whites far outnumber Indians at the camps"  It's true or false, but not racist.  Are the whites sycophants?  Many probably are.  It seems that national environmental organizations which oppose oil development in general have been turning these activates at critical junctures.  Are the Indians the white's friends?  Maybe so, but maybe just using the Indian banner for more attention and sympathy.
That's the problem with so-called classic liberalism, or (to use your term) old-fashioned liberalism. A system designed by slave-owners to protect their property at a time when property included wives, children and anybody of a darkish skintone - cannot possibly be considered liberal. It fails to protect the rights and liberties of all those people because it was SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED to ensure they would never HAVE rights.  To give them rights - we had to CHANGE the system, and that process is very far from complete.  We had to destroy a property right to abolish slavery. We had to destroy a property right to redefine marriage into something where women are not bought and sold. We had to destroy a property right to declare that you cannot sell your kids into labour or beat them to death.   Classic liberalism is just nostaligically trying to recreate oppression by subscribing to a system that thought liberty was the exclusive preserve of white men.
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/careers/management/executive-compensation/table-canadas-top-100-highest-paid-ceos/article30131636/  The above table shows the discrimination white males face in Canada. Over 85 percent of the people on the list are white males, whereas they form about 30 percent of the Canadian population.  Tell you what - let's switch places. Let's make sure 85 percent of the CEOs are minorities and women. Considering that the two groups represent about 70 percent of the Canadian population, that won't even count as discrimination.
"Maybe you can acknowledge the fact that not all the people protesting the removal of the statue in Charlottesville are Nazis? Some of them were good people." You're right, some were just garden variety white supremacists and anti-semites.
Of the R1-trillion in cash hoarded by corporates at white-owned banks, none of that cash is black-owned. Of the R5.8-trillion private property (excludes agrarian and commercial land) value in South Africa, blacks own township or RDP style properties. With the news coming out of what Zuma is allowing to happen in the way of malfeasance, corruption and outright theft of public money, can you blame the owners of that money cash hoard keeping it as far as possible from the grasping fingers within the ANC. Come, come, be sensible.
Michael Schill is another JEWISH troublemaker(mother Coplon i.e., CAPLAN) from NEW YORK.  The JEWISH BIBLE BOOK LEVITICUS STATES THAT HAVING SLAVES IS PERFECTLY PERMISSIBLE & RAPE OF SLAVE GIRLS IS PERMISSIBLE. IT ALSO STATES THAT THE DENATIONALIZATION OF THE JEWS' SLAVES IS THE #1 PRIORITY SO THEY CAN BREAK THE SLAVES' SPIRIT FOREVER. LEVITICUS ALSO SAYS THAT BEING GAY IS WRONG. LEVITICUS ALSO STATES THAT FIELD WORKERS ARE ANIMALS & THAT ONCE SOMEONE IS YOUR SLAVE, ALL THEIR PROGENY ARE SLAVES FOREVER. MAYBE MICHAEL SCHILL & JEWISH PEOPLE NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THEIR OWN BIBLE & ISRAEL'S RACISM & THEIR WHOREHOUSES(STOCKED BY WHITE WOMEN FROM RUSSIA & EASTERN EUROPE AFTER BEING KIDNAPPED IN ALBANIA & TURKEY) IN TEL AVIV & HAIFA VISITED EXCLUSIVELY BY BUSLOADS OF ORTHODOX JEWISH MEN INSTEAD OF RUNNING GUILT-TRIPS & MIND CONTROL GAMES ON THE WHOLE PLANET. BY THE WAY, AMERICA ONLY IMPORTED 3.5% OF ALL SLAVES FROM AFRICA, SO BLACK PEOPLE GO ASK FRANCE, BRITAIN & PORTUGAL FOR MONEY. GO CHINA!
How about chauvinist white supremacy, laissez-faire throwaway capitalism, and nationalistic militarism?  Those are my 3 hallmarks of a culture of death.
Funny how you can have BLM causing problems, muslim groups protesting for their rights, latino groups, asian groups, LGBTQ groups, indigenous groups, no whites day on school campus, all other groups ok except for whites, and all this is acceptable. As soon as a group of white people want to stand up for their rights they are "supremacists." I think the supremacists are all the other groups trying marginalize whites into oblivion.
Connie, Alexander Stephens wasn't expressing any opinion, to him he was stating the fact of life for him and most white Americans of that time period. Don't be so insulting to a man whom was considered by many to be a highly intelligent person of his time. And what he said, was a common belief among white people in both south and in the north. Not even Lincoln believes that the black race as a whole, was anywhere close to being equal to the white. South went to war to preserves slavery. North went to war to preserves the Union. During the middle of the war when the North realized that only way totally defeat the south was to end slavery, they added that to their list of things to do. Confederate flag  today, represent the xenophobic expression of many whites who still embraced it. Your lack of knowledge about the flag you so desperately want to defend, is sorely obvious.
Question. If the neo-Nazis, KKK members and White Nationalists came to Charlottesville to peacefully exercise their First Amendment rights, why did so many show up and march in military fatigues and armed to the teeth? They were spoiling for a fight. Did they need such obvious and unnecessary forms of intimidation to get their message across? Seems like they just wanted to flaunt their hateful and militaristic rhetoric since their viewpoints are not shared by the vast majority of Americans; they exist only on the fringe margins of contemporary society. Hundreds of thousands of American soldiers died in WW II fighting such evil. Americans of good will and character need to stand up and speak out to defeat this cancer within our society. And please spare me the argument that counter-protesters were violent and thus complicit. That's like saying Patriots at Lexington and Concord should not have used violence to wage war against the British colonizers.
It is odd you think that's something leftist, considering the war on the media right now from the Trump neo white ultra conservatives.
I posted this info, but people have more fun pointing fingers at each other rather than looking at the real facts and understanding how to interpret statistics.  Blacks are mostly killed by other blacks, and mostly by gang and drug violence. Whites are mostly killed by other whites, but for whatever reason people want to create the facade that whites are somehow endangered by blacks.
You think that's bad?  Try going through life as a white person of diminished height with a name like Brad Rumpelstiltskin. ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀ I too worry about Canada when imp-o-phobic Liberal bureaucrats can't guess my name after three days, or when servers at Timmy's try to seat me in a kid's chair.
One could easily argue that Sherman's March to the Sea caused far more misery and death than anything Lee, Jackson, Bragg, Johnson etc...ever did. Both blacks and whites suffered enormously from the utter destruction he caused. Why not pull down his statue?
That about sums it up.... "Over at the Daily Stormer, the white supremacist website, there was jubilation. “Trump comments were good. He didn’t attack us.... No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him.”
Sheriff Two Toned Trump needs a course in Conspiracy Theory 101 and a new set of crayons for his coloring book.  Connect the dots: 1) "Apocalyptic One World Order" (Palin/Brexit/FB), 2) the Red Star of David, 3) the Rothchilds/Illumaniti,  4) "Zionists", 5) the use of code and symbolism, 5) neo Nazis/White Supremacists.  So non PC.
Really Gary? You are so very quick to disown each violent protester from the left, and guess what Gary, there are a heck of a lot of them, and there are very few white supremacist attending Trump rallies,  but you are okay with lumping each and every Trump supporter in the same category? The left is imploding, just look at the sad state it is in with violence. The left protesters cannot stand anyone disagreeing with their views. They react with hate and violence. It comes from the top down, BHO is also responsible for furthering hate and divisiveness, HRC is responsible for furthering hate and divisiveness,  but to be fair both party's leaders have enough blame to go around. I just ask that folks open their minds, quit relaying on the main stream media for accurate information. We are seeing them twist and spin, and those who refuse to see that are in fact allowing themselves to be controlled like puppets.
So now its "strongly suggests" instead of absolutely proves, at least we are starting to accept reason.   I happen to be pro-life, anti-abortion, anti- gender identity, and for proper vetting of immigrants.  According to the Southern Law Poverty Center I would be labeled  a bigot, misogynist,  white supremacist and homophobe.  In truth I am none of the above, but simply an American Citizen that practices the Roman Catholic Faith.   Lastly, President Obama had the Black Panthers praise him during his term in office, does that make Obama a radical Black Panther?
I didn't say that. I just pointed out that white people have contributed greatly to America. You're the one that said white people aren't all that great. There are plenty of tombstones to prove they are. Your racism is showing.
"Overpopulated human ant hill" it is not. Toronto is one of the most sprawled-out major cities in the world. Our population density is absolutely minuscule compared to other "world class" cities.  My quality of life in Tokyo is very similar to Toronto. The only quality of life drawback is a smaller living space and no yard. I dream aloud of leaving Toronto and moving to a highly connected dense metropolis.  As for your assertion of 90% of street violence by "cultural groups"... what a ridiculous thing to say. There are zero facts to back this up. In my neighbourhood, it always seems to be white bros from the suburbs doing all the crime-ing in the city. Argue all you want with that, but my evidence is about as good as yours.  Cesspool it aint.
Back in my travel days "they" were called "International White-Trash" who lived with house staff to care for them while back in where ever they came from they could barely manage a one bedroom apartment. Their hotels 5 star while back where they came from a bedsitter or a Motel 6. With apology for the coarseness. There are lots of ex-pats out there exploiting income inequality. Ex- pat to both faith and country.
That's right, it's a white guy. Probably Christian. Just like the statistics say it should be.
Protecting Anglo Saxon language, culture and heritage is not racist, contrary to what the left, the Marxists, the Bureaucracy who stay employed by immigration, and the globalists say.  It is they who want to wipe out the white race. Underneath all this racist accusation is some kind of conspiracy of the left to destroy the white race. There is no other explanation, except stupidity, and the left will tell us they are brilliant and completely right 100% of the time.. So it couldn't be that Because who in their mind would deliberately import millions of Muslims who have 4 kids and mathematically overwhelm the west in a decade???? If you audit political contributions you will see minority families and minority groups are funding every politician and foundation..  hint hint....  Plato said democracy was the greatest danger to mankind as a system. The tyranny of the minority eventually overwhelms the state as they bend over to give minorities more rights than they deserve.
It doesn't change the fact that the only one here making this a race issue is... YOU - making YOU the racist - you have to make race an issue to be a racist... that leaves YOU. I don't care if you're red, green, black, yellow with purple polka dots or white - it's irrelevant.   On a personal level, I disagreed with his methodology. He didn't have an attainable goal stated nor propose a way to resolve the issue he was complaining about - but that was his choice to make.
Pure? Nothing is pure.  "Look, are there some people that are white nationalists that are attracted to some of the philosophies of the alt-right? Maybe,” Bannon says. “Are there some people that are anti-Semitic that are attracted? Maybe. Right? Maybe some people are attracted to the alt-right that are homophobes, right? But that’s just like, there are certain elements of the progressive left and the hard left that attract certain elements.”  "A Twitter analysis conducted by The Investigative Fund using Little Bird software found that these “elements” are more deeply connected to Breitbart News than more traditional conservative outlets. While only 5 percent of key influencers using the supremacist hashtag #whitegenocide follow the National Review, and 10 percent follow the Daily Caller, 31 percent follow Breitbart."   "The disparities are even starker for the anti-Muslim hashtag #counterjihad: National Review, 26 percent; the Daily Caller, 37 percent; Breitbart News, 62 percent."
No one, not even 'Big Media', can tell us what to think.  My opinion of Trump is based on his comments.  I can overlook his huge ego and the fact he has to overstate everything.  What turns me off are his statements that give legitimacy to those who feel there is something special and entitled and righteous about being white.  All those who have long held racist views and blame dark-skinned citizens for their woes, are encouraged to act on those views as they see fit,  He has made it okay to hate and harm your neighbor, and I don't believe that is accidental.
Are you kidding me ? Elise is beyond clueless to state how 50 years later " we are facing riots over the very same problems "  No we aren't !  Back then riots were over blacks not being allowed to vote , use the same water fountain as whites, being denied attending schools , living in white neighborhoods , and a host of other basic problems.   Today the riots brought on by Black Lives is over a few police shootings . To many this group is just as hateful as the KKK . Fifty years ago there were few black legislators , baseball players or mixed marriages .   After slavery blacks made steady progress and white America has changed for the better . Why the major change ?  In the past black family ties were just as strong as whites . Today over 70 percent of black families are run by women with no fathers offering their boys role models . Blacks end up in jail more because by proportion they commit  more crimes . It's just that simple .
Contrary to the headline, we don't keep looking away. White Canadians really do want to rip the lid off the dirty secrets of what goes on, on the reserves and hold the miscreant chiefs and nepotistic band councils to justice,. But we are told that would be racist. We are scolded by native isolationist to mind our own business. Native culture is too sacred for white man to understand. So we watch kids die and we get blamed for it, despite the fact we are forbidden to intervene.
Isn't calling the white nationalists 'alt-right" just a PC way to avoid calling them "neo-Nazis" or even plain "Nazis" as they advocate the same ideas that the German Nazis had about the white race? Why do they oppose the race mixing and diversity like what Hawaii has?
Thank you for the stats. I would just like to point out that while the statistic is correct for single parent African American families at 66%, the actual statistic for non Hispanic, white single parent families is 25%. According to the statistics, 75% of non Hispanic, white families are two parent families and 34% of African American families are two parent families. I do not understand what the other statistics have to do with anything other than to attempt to muddy the waters. The next highest number is from Native Americans at 53% and Hispanic/Latino at 42%. Which group has the more active fathers is immaterial, single family homes are the issue and African Americans have the highest numbers/percentages of single parent families. That has an impact.
The author misses some big causes of increases in inequality:  1.       Not enough people vote.           Note: since voter ID, voter participation (i.e., votes cast/total voting age population) has fallen 22%.  Democratic institutions matter. When vote suppression is successful - as in BC last time, bad results occur.  2.       The Republicans/Conservatives have been very successful at getting poor, badly educated whites to vote against their own economic interests. .           How do they do this? .           By stoking irrational obsessions with abortion; homophobia; guns; misogyny, Islamophobia; wind-turbine-phobia, xenophobia, racism, linguistic bigotry ...   .           Is sticking your nose into your neighbour's right to have an abortion really more important  than building public transit so you don't spend 2 hours getting to work each day?  More important than affordable day care?  More important than rational tax policy?  More important than ever being able to own a home?
What an elitist and snobbish article.  Finding racism where there is none with this sentence about Trump supporters - "And for all of their denigration of the first black president, they’ve done nothing to quell rising African-American visibility and power.".  We don't care what color Obama is - we can't tolerate his policies and his hate for America.  The only people that think this is racist are people supporting Obama only because he is black and liberal.   We don't care - we hate his policies.  Rising African-American visibility and power???? Is he kidding?  Blacks have been screwed by Obama more than whites.  And, by the way, I don't give a flying hoot who has power - I care how it is used.  This article shows a person totally out of touch with the real world from living in an echo chamber of like minded groupthought that is prevalent on campus today.
"I agree with the ACLU defending the rights of the Charlottesville White Supremacists to protest in the manner they have. It is their mission to protect "free speech" as currenty defined by the law."  Thank you for admitting that Democrats like you and their beloved ACLU support KKK and neo-Nazi hate, racism and violence inducing and provoking speeches!
If Donald Trump wins or even comes close to winning the 2016 election it will render the USofA the "North Korea" of the western world.  Worse, because it really does have devastating armament.  Do you not see that? Even if he does not win, gaining  more than a remote fringe of the vote and a Republican Party that fails to utterly repair an insanity of accountability "disownment" makes a mockery of your values that "you" have espoused and "pretended" to the world. Come to think of it, that has actually happened. At this point, the election will take place, "it's the way", but those Republican representatives who "adhere" - including the pretentiously moral Vice Presidential candidate - will dispel any respect in the big wide world for what the USofA claims as being for "the good"- at home and abroad. "White Catholics" or other demographics be darned.
Many of those people who felt that way about Obama were motivated by lies told by birthers.  And while it is true that not every white person who opposed Obama was a racist, every white racist opposed Obama.
Indeed, it's insane that a company in a white-majority city would be mostly white.  Clearly this is the work of the racist patriarchy.
Anette, there is an old rule that states, the demographics dictates the ground rules. You cannot argue with nature. What I do find disturbing as you mentioned the maths and science conundrum is that at one of those #ScienceMustFall sittings at UCT there were white students supporting the “replace science with African science” movement. It was painful to watch to say the least and I’m concerned. Can this demographic actually entice the European students to regress? I understand the reasoning, I understand the view and I understand the entitlement but that does not explain why European students are swallowed by such folly especially knowing that they will automatically be disqualified from participating purely because of the color of their skin. Why would that level of idiocracy entice European students against all possible logic or even common sense for that matter? I’m worried.
The alt-right, also known as white racists, are Trump's base.  He wouldn't be president without their support.
I agree with you ATF. Back when I was prosecuting white-collar fraud cases, it was almost impossible to get a long prison sentence even when the fraud involved millions of dollars. In one case, I had to appeal the judge's sentencing decision TWICE to get him to follow the sentencing guidelines. He held that against me for the rest of my career. Federal district judges don;t like it when you take them up for a spanking by an appellate court. The case involved a very nice white businessman with a nice pretty wife and four nice well-kept children.  I actually wrote in the brief to the appellate court that the probationary sentence on this, a several-million-dollar fraud case, gave the appearance that we have one system for the nice, white, and wealthy and another for the poor and black. It was a sincere argument. The very conservative (back then) Fourth Circuit agreed. On remand, the district judge again refused to sentence properly. Another appeal. Won again, at a price.
Some Oregonians can join the Daughters of the American Revolution.  Both blacks and whites are members and they number about 170,000 nationwide. You can learn about how our ancestors fought the English.  If you think this the original patriots were non-violent, you have go to do some research!
The mayor and staff are dishonest and the newpaper was taken over by a Washington insider to come and use propaganda to control Alaska due to the Arctic opening up. I knew a long time ago what Berkowitz was up to, white man speak with forked tongue.
The folks that will suffer the most under Trump will be the "poorly educated" white folks that elected him. The rest of us have learned to survive  2nd class citizenship. This will be a new experience for them. Being poorly educated is not a good plan for the 21st century.
You're too hung up on labels you can't see the truth. The Democratic party was the conservative party in the 19th century. Racist conservatives switched to the republican party in the 20th century. This is well known history. Republicans are the party of john Wilkes booth.   You want to ignore history so you can call names and be divisive.   Enjoy supporting the party of white nationalism and racism.
I'm pro-choice. But why can't the ramifications of abortion and childlessness be discussed regarding how it is decimating white, (post) Christian communities in the Western world? This article is a good example. More deaths than births!
In order to understand the term "islamophobia" we must also understand Islam's own misogyny, homophobia, hatred of Christians, Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, Europe, America, democracy, dogs, free speech, human rights and now even Canada, and everything else not permitted (haram) by Islam. Even open and blatant racism against white people is now halal  (permitted) .  They want us to believe we are the bad guys.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU7FtJ64z2Y
Leftists academics are the ones that have set the stage for the demise of universities  "Across the country, students have been “dismantling the master’s house”. They weren’t smashing their principals’ offices, but rather demanding a revision of their predominantly white, predominantly male curricula. From UCL to LSE to York, Warwick, Nottingham and Kent, the student-led campaign “Why Is My Curriculum White?” has attracted thousands of people concerned that the course content at universities across the country reflects white dominance and under-represents black people."  https://www.theguardian.com/education/commentisfree/2015/mar/23/philosophy-white-men-university-courses
Where exactly? Let's not split hairs here, the kids are more white than native Alaskan. Why is it so important for these kids to learn their "native" roots? Seems like when natives are involved it's all or nothing for you. Folks, most kids don't want to live in a village. That is why the last 2 generations are abandoning that life. This next generation will be the end of the villages. Sorry, but it is a fact. Good luck to you all!!!
What is best for these children is the bottom line here, not if they are native, white, or, where they are from. The paternal side of their family, deceived or left out information that has a huge impact in their lives. The father obviously should not be able to see his children without it being supervised, and not by his own family members. The fact that the maternal side of their family has ICWA behind them is good, because these children are definitely safer with them. If this was happening to our families, every one here would want them away from the father and his family. I sincerely hope these children come back to Alaska to their family that loves them and they are able to get thru this together. Jessie, never stop fighting for these kids, they need you to fight for them, until they are back home.
It's probably the other way around.  It's difficult for a democrat to get white votes because of how whites perceive the democratic base.
"The Washington Post and the Kaiser Family Foundation...found that religion is a significant predictor of how Americans perceive poverty.  Christians are much more likely than non-Christians to view poverty as the result of individual failings, especially white evangelical Christians."  The Washington Post also found that evangelical white Christians exhibit the same attitudes as southern confederates who hate dark-skinned folks.  So there is really no surprise that many trump lovers are evangelical Christians.  They are essentially one in the same.
Oh no worries, nothings going to change in our little stonehut villages...the rich thieves who encourage addictions like gambling while beating up others on their luck will still be the safest. The poor wiped out by trumps 'natural born selection' campaigns or survival of the fittest will eventually reign terror on your own parade. If your child with cp or down syndrome graduates because special education did not get cut, lets hope they were not bullied all the way. Instead of just plain common sense and basic principles being taught in todays schools, trump will only allow for money compensation, complications, and computation in schools. Some of our nations incomers...Are going to get a lesson towards the U.S about not wanting brothership and instead will be arresting those ladies for 'frisky' business. Women, those men who just grabbed life by the 'horns' can continue to deny being white trash. Everybody can stop using meth, do you not know the value of the dollar, trumps4coke!
I have to explain what silence means?  NCR and prog readers of NCR are silent about what happened in Spain, which was a true act of racism, and which killed and injured a huge number of people.  But this one event in which a mentally ill man commits murder?   You celebrate it as if it's somehow evidence that half of white America is a KKK member.  This indicates little care about people.
Definitely an interesting phenomena. There is a Chinese couple in our neighbourhood who travel  in a relatively new white BMW collecting bottles most mornings. They say the money from the bottles is used to pay for their daughter's university yet they are clearly not poor. A well dressed kindly older lady who lives in one of the million dollar waterfront houses also collects bottles for reasons unknown. Makes me wonder if it's a habit brought over from China or just simple thrift.
Hmmmm. A white male republican telling woman what's best for their body - I'm so shocked.
I'm glad you heard it but if the picture painted is correct it seemed it was going to take a lot more than some therapy; I didn't hear any solution proposed.  Current crime rates etc in SA seem to support the view that whatever is being done is not working at all.  As regards "whites" I really personally think any thought, policy, philosophy that still insists on skin colour as a defining characteristic is doomed to fail; being just plain wrong in principle. SA is typical; does anyone seriously believe that in a country where the "black", 80% or more, majority have been in complete power (putting in place legislation etc that is used limit the power of other race groups) for more than 20 years that "whites" control anything significant?  It is a red herring distraction.  My take on Biko is that he advocated thinking people avoid being defined by anyone's skin colour. But I could easily be wrong which will be sad as I think skin colour should not define character or legal rights.
The terminology I used that you put in parentheses was borrowed from the protestor quote. So you think she would be worthy of a flag, or is it just me because I'm a white male whose opinions don't fit your pot-distorted world view? The story of the woman driver with the dog on her lap is real.
A good letter from Jim Bartley. Gee certainly misses the point made by BLM regarding police representation as part of Pride. His column was a mix of arrogance and ignorance  - a white washing that was surprising. I'm a straight, white middle aged women, and yet it's not rocket science to know that many black gay youth are served up a very different brand of policing than Marcus - and I ever would in Toronto.
In the first place, I didn't mention 'Black women'; I know quite a few non-Black (Irish, Italian, Armenian, etc.) women with curly hair.  Women have been straightening and coloring their hair for centuries.  Other women have been curling and coloring their hair for centuries, and some think how nice it would be to HAVE curly hair.   I don't wear large hoops, but I do have some small ones, and now I will wonder if the Black women I know think I'm just copying them. Was the 'white folks' dig meant to hurt?
Mike Cernovich a Trump supporter who has a show on Infowar (a true fake news/conspiracy theory outlet) said there would be fake Trump supporters in the audience near Trump and paid for by George Soros. But he says that every time Trump makes a public speech. This time he or his pals said that Trump white nationalists and other racist groups would pose as anti-Trump protestors to make them look bad.
Pocho do you have a reading comprehension problem? Where did I say that there was any terror committed by the KKK? I said that the vast MAJORITY of terrorist shootings/bombings etc... in this country since 9/11 were perpetrated by RIGHT WING "Christian" extremists. Since 9/11 there were 21 instances of right-wing, white extremist, "Christian" terrorist attacks in the U.S. that caused 53 fatalities....
ahhhhh  look at all the recent Lane County Jail bookings, yeah mostly local white boys and girls, what now ???
The entire Khadr family, the father, mother, sisters, brothers and Omar have done nothing but abuse this country and Canadians from day one.  And now to add to that pile....to a soldier of Al Qaeda no less....who fought hard to the bitter end....and threw a grenade at a medic under a white flag no less.....who smiled as he made countless IED's to kill our soldiers and others no less....who was an active and willing combatant against our country we can add 10.5 million of taxpayers money rushed so as to avoid it being taken by the widow of the medic he killed....under the white flag of truce. No less.    Where is Omar's sense of personal responsibility? Nowhere to be see..... Where is his apology for the suffering he caused? Nowhere to be seen.... His repudiation of the horrific Islamic ideology embedded in the Taliban and Al Qaeda?   Nothing.   So no Mr. Dallaire and Mr. Neve - he does not deserve our apology or money. We deserve his. Feel free to give him yours by all means.
Trump was elected by the GOP base of bigots and frightened white people. The white supremacists elected Trump, and they know it. They think they are  victims. The truth is they are victims of their choices in life. The GOP has been recruiting them for 50 years. They are lucky the the mainstream members of the Dems are too feckless to call them out. The GOP base are just their relatives after all. You know, those relatives they left in rural America when they moved to the city.
I think if anyone travels across the border to participate in something that would be considered a hate crime in Canada, they should HAVE THEIR PASSPORTS REVOKED. And this statement - Belanger-Mercure said while he isn't a white supremacist, "I'm not ashamed of being white either," and added that attempts to make all cultures uniform "make the beauty of the world disappear." - well, I rather doubt that people falling in love and making babies falls into a plot to make the cultures uniform.
I don't know the background to this case except he was a white extremist who killed black people - same as some black extremists killed white people. Are there any blacks still in jail for this type of crime or is that he should never be released because he is white.
Google "Kaepernick's girlfriend" and you'll understand his Muslim-inspired antipathy toward his White parents and the country that made him rich -- for now.
"all rich old white guys" you say!  Is this racism? Sexism? Ageism? Or all of the above.
Sadly, par for the HuffPost course. And while our world indeed will undeniably be different tomorrow due to incessant social agitation from the left, there are still a significant number of "old white men" who challenge the notion that the resulting world will be an improvement.
So says the Office of Management and Budget and The White House. And now YOU actually really know, lol!  https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/06/memorandum-secretary-state-attorney-general-secretary-homeland-security --- http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-visa-idUSKBN18R3F8
I can tell you who will be next.  After they take away rights from transgenders, it will be the gay community.  An assault on the rights of the Moslem community is also likely.  There are large numbers of Americans who are uncomfortable with minorities of any kind.  There was in fact a time not long ago when these people would discriminate against anyone who wasn't white, male and Protestant.    Trying to roll back the clock to a time when minorities were not acknowledged or even welcomed is all part and parcel of the GOP agenda.
Just couldn't resist one more racist slur blaming all Natives for the failures of a few.  The article is positive in every respect, but the racist bigots see only the negative in everything except their pure white lifestyles devoid of any errors in judgement so superior to all others.
" Demanding tolerance by destroying local businesses for an imagined offense is rather ironic" = white privilege talking
The proponents of statue removal did have a the appropriate permit. President Trump was incorrect.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/16/president-trumps-false-claim-that-counter-demonstrators-lacked-a-permit/?utm_term=.f31d36e6e69e  And when one side promotes Nazism and white supremacy, and one side doesn't, it really isn't a "both sides" argument.  If Donald Trump claims to know history, he might realize that a lot of American soldiers died settling that matter.
Having read the article and your comments...followed news, speeches and all...I am left with a struggle to stay balanced in my perception...tipping off into a world of "Money Monsters"..empty vessels of greed, betraying their own lost humanity!  Even those within the ANC, now speaking out...where have they been the last few years..how did they gain through the "Knowing"?  And I look over to the opposition and I just do not feel any authentic heart driven leadership...without agenda, the ability to balance the situation and draw us all into a cohesive way forward...to stand out in front, not as a black or white, not as a man or woman and with no other agenda but to build a Nation we can all be proud of!  The Jacob Zuma Ripple Effect ....it would seem, has washed over every square inch of our country, ebbing out globally ..one positive aspect, that I hope to see again on the 8th August, is our diverse ground up tsunami that is guaranteed to follow. March until we are heard!
Hockey has always been a niche sport. It's played in areas where there is winter and where most of the people just happen to be "white" (but of various ethnic background). It also has to compete with behemoths like the NFL in the biggest potential market - the USA.
Dismiss it all you want!!!  There are a lot of good, hardworking, law bidding citizens trapped in these neighborhoods, exploited and have to fight just to go to school, work,etc.-FACT!!  What you can't stomach is another FACT!!  99% of them are long time Democr_p strongholds, who have never, ever improved these situations for all the citizens!!  Liberals always come out with the hysteria, the racism, the bigotry, etc, etc, etc, BS PC, cowardly double standards-FACT!!  White supremacists rule nothing; find me the number of neighborhoods that they do compared to black & Hispanic neighborhoods.  Also, there are far to many Muslims neighborhoods where LGBT's would not be welcomed, much less any one else deemed socially different.  Keep your eyes wide shut and listening to the usual rhetoric from the PC left and maybe you'll get a chance to experience, as you put it some of the "hysteria" that others, like Kate Steinly and her family did!!  Clueless!!
I am voting with my dollars. I will not travel to the USA and risk my safety as a liberal thinker. I too am a loser in globalization, but I will not join the angry white men. A stoic Canadian and I stay true to our values. Freedom, equal opportunity, a good basic education, fairness and a hand up for the worst off.
Actually, I was going to dress my kids up as angry white men. Plastic automatic weapon, they can whine about how other people can grow a thicker skin, everyone who doesn't agree with them are snowflakes.
White Lives Matter; When White Cops Murder White People. When your not qualified to get a job at McDonalds, get a badge gun and trip to a Federal Prison. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0iQbdC_ITw
Admission weighed equally for aboriginals and whites?  Let's hope so.
@ Toronto Mouth Breather: "Toronto white Anglo-Saxon Protestant Liberal perspective on the world. I am sure that they were very proud of the series  . ."(c) ~ `` ~ . . . so let's see here -- this 'bigoted' bloviating Bull blows chunks at -- lowercase -- "white"[s] because Buddy's 'bias' is as intellectually stimulating as the 'prescience' being shown by this comments 'bigotry' which has been angrily chunked up for public consumption.  Sorry, pal -- but deprecating insult by 'racism' is just not the type of 'Regurgitated Bile' that flies with this Patriot or in this Home...  Time to Stop, Think -- and Take a Breath. Good Luck with That.  /..
To Jhilke first in North America does not make First Nations the "owners" of the land for all eternity History changes people get conquered, tribes migrate etc . who are the indigenous Egyptians to claim the land from the Arab Egyptians. . there were not enough aboriginals to occupy the entire North American continent when white settlers arrive 500 years ago . There was empty land that white settlers did not "steal" from anyone. . do the Turks debate whether they "stole" the land when they arrived from Central Asia Oh no, only leftist progressives in the West have time and luxury to entertain such guilt
It is ironic that the first horrific murder victim of toxic American neo-Nazis, White Supremacists and the KKK in 2017 is a white woman, Heather Heyer, of Charlottesville, VA., who attended a peaceful protest against the AltRight Movement, a group represented in the White House by one, Steve Bannon, top aide to President Trump..
Truly a disturbing part of our history, but is this really so different than the AJA baseball league excluding white people to this very day?
Much appreciated article. Living in a slightly rural part of Ontario it is sometimes difficult to know how to address the gay muslim delemia particulary as it relates to orientation and the standard muslin doctrine. I found this article remarkably articulate and covered the many sensitive manners in a clear and positive way. Particulary as a gay white male it encompassed many aspects I had wondered about.  Most informative and encouraging.
especially our White wines!
There are Civil War monuments who depict some really terrible military leaders. One in particular is Nathan Bedford Forrest in Knoxville TN.  Before the war he captured runaway slaves and either killed them or returned them for a bounty. During the war he slaughtered captured black Union soldiers at Fort Pillow TN. and he spared the white soldiers. Over 200 black soldiers who had surrendered were taken out and shot. Then after the war he founded the Klu Klux Klan and encouraged laws against blacks. A truly despicable man who deserves no honors.
Don't make me laugh. There was no intention of transitioning First Nations. And they weren't preliterate: we have lots of texts written in the languages of the First Nations. It's that the White world didn't want First Nations speaking, reading or writing in their own languages. You're engaged in whitewashing.  As for slavery, you should try any number of histories on the subject. You'll learn it wasn't some radical Christian groups. Pope Paul III forbid the enslavement on First Nations people in 1537. And the abolitionist movement embraced a wide political spectrum.
Bit odd how most of the contard posters cheered when Tim Thomas skipped the White House visit in 2011.  Of course, this censorship loving paper also repeatedly endorsed a Prime Minister who cofounded a white supremacist group that favoured Nelson Mandela's imprisonment.
Not a lot of diversity in Eugene/ Springfield, which are 86% white.
It is fair to "name" the hierarchy for "standing" for and those who didn't but virtually did by their silence.  Remember that they represent such such a small proportion of the "white male Catholic" vote.  The vassssssst majority are those good, faithful "white men, with grey hair sitting obediently in the pews.
How about when you are given weapons from the most powerful country in the world, and use your jets developed with technology from the most powerful country in the world to lob white phosphorus indiscriminately into some of the most densely populated neighbourhoods in the world, burning civilians and combatants. (when you have caged both combatants and citizens into a tiny cage, how do you expect them to separate themselves)  Is that terrorism?  Or your version of democracy?  Because most true believers in democracy would not agree that this is democratic behaviour.
Boogeyman3: Ethnically cleansing white people?  While I am a little worried about the effect of a peak into your world, I am very curious how you have arrived at this conclusion.  Please provide more information.
The posts are laughable from some folks who somehow (?) support having public schoolteachers feeding twelve-year-olds with the "white privilege" indoctrination.  One of those posts, you can find above, was from a white guy who stepped forward to proclaim emphatically that OF COURSE he is the benefactor of "white privilege", emphasizing he has privilege coming from "being born into a middle-class family that spoke English well and that ensured that (he) got a good education."  Um, hello?  There are millions of families in Canada and the USA who are NOT WHITE who can say ALL of those things: Black families and families with ancestries from Japan, India and China, for example.  But see, there's the rub: Where is the Ontario teacher busily indoctrinating kids with the message that blacks in the West are privileged, ￼or that Chinese-ancestry folks in the West are privileged?   Answer: There ARE no such teachers.  Only whitey gets singled out for the racist smear-job.
Clear as mud.  I don't know what whitelash is, but I assume it has to do with being white, just like white privilege and all the other nonsense spewed from the liberal propaganda machine.  I'm white, I have prejudices just like every other person in this world, but I am not racist and I don't feel the need to apologize to anyone or feel guilty to anyone just because I happen to be white.  As far as fear, give me a break.  Does that clarify my original question to you?
The election at large seemed to be the same thing that happened to Hillary in the Michigan Democratic primary.  Ironically, it was Michigan again in the general that gave her trouble, for much the same reasons.  The polls were showing Hillary up by a decent amount but there weren't that many polls & they dismissed late ones showing closure.  There was less minority turnout than expected & more rural white turnout than expected & Bernie ended up winning a close race.
Democrats renounced racism. I wish I could say that of Trump's Republicans. More white people get government assistance than black people. Some people develop dependency, but most use it as the safety net it was meant to be. It helps people, and the economy, survive hard times.
I supported the idea of "contextualizing" these monuments to the Confederacy until I, too, saw how they have become "twisted totems." I think that changes everything. I now believe that these statues and monuments should be moved to museums where they can be properly contextualized with far less risk of attracting crowds of racist pilgrims. The fact that these monuments were explicitly erected to serve as expressions of white supremacy should be another consideration. Dr. Orwin presents a pleasant picture of what the statues mean to white Southerners, but that picture is largely a fantasy. Southerners celebrating the Confederacy is no different than Germans celebrating Nazism; it should not happen. If Germans can understand their WWII history without commemorative statues, white Southerners can do the same.
I'm not sure what associating particular occupations with characters on TV shows really demonstrates, aside from TV shows casting more "white people" in particular roles.   I suppose as a teacher there is some benefit to showing this to a bunch of grade 6 students as they don't have the critical facilities to question a lot of the assumptions being made by this exercise.
You are so spot on, nothing escapes your vast knowledge. Those white scientists have totally lied about the ice age... This place was "never" under ice, let alone a rain forest ... I side with the local people on this one. Don't you???
Sorry, I display a Iranian flag in my office.  Unlike your "stars and bars", it has nothing to do with white supremacy--and this is despite the Persians being the original "Aryans".  There are more skin-colors in my immediate family than you have in your entire voting district.  You're entitled to your own opinion.  You're not entitled to your own facts.
Lemme guess...the shipping industry barons are white guys? And since when does business interest (e.g. What the shipping industry wants) trump HELPING SAVE AMERICAN LIVES FROM A FREAKING DISASTER for gosh sakes?
I meant that America spends the $trillions to invade and occupy, the corporations go in for free. Look at the Roman Imperial Empire. America has the same ideals as it did at the time they put the Christian jesus to death at the request of the corrupt priests in bed with the moneylenders. The white mans jesus was a refugee, so where are the souls of the evangelicals and Christians going when they die and have to talk to their jesus, after booting out the refugees created by our policies of theft and murder? The white mans jesus helped the less fortunate and dying and despised the moneylenders who took advantage of them,  so where are the souls of the evangelicals and Christians going when they die and have to talk to their jesus. Racism and grinding down the less fortunate is against Christianity, so where are the souls of todays republican and democrat Christians going when they die, after a lifetime of mean spirited actions against others, just so they could do it?
Very biased article, but what else is new.  "Maybe someone will point out that in last year's election white Catholics supported Donald Trump, and still do, and that this fact serves as a precise measure of the degree to which our bishops have failed to provide their flocks with an adequate moral education."  Conservatives have been saying this FOR YEARS about Catholics who vote for pro-abortion candidates like Clinton and Obama: The inadequate moral education.  MSW is just starting to notice that now when the shoe is on the other foot???
On the flip side, anyone who thinks some guy's youtube represents the entirety of white men also lacks critical thinking.
"Multi-racial cast" that will not allow whites to even try out:  The details of the Hamilton casting call says: “Seeking NON-WHITE men and women, ages 20s to 30s, for Broadway and upcoming Tours!”
Many believe that same could be said about the white police officers that gunned down innocent people because of their adrenaline rush.
Teaching kids to be racist should have no place in the public school system. The notion of ' white privilege' is blatant stereotyping. So white people are privileged others not.
Trump made fun of women's appearances. He made fun of women's periods.  His infamous line: "grab 'em by the p****"   And despite all of this:  He won 53% of the white female vote  45% of college educated female voters  42% of women's votes overall  And 9 million more women than men vote in the US election.  Women had the opportunity to break the biggest glass ceiling in the world and vote for a female candidate that was also the globe and fail's preferred candidate as they have constantly reminded us after the election, but chose not to. The biggest whiners, Ms. Renzetti, are reserved for those who participated in the women's march the day after he was elected and could not accept the result of a democratic election.
Pathetic. Covering a statue or changing the name of a building will do nothing to help First Nations people, especially youth. Take a walk on any Canadian university campus and look at the changing composition of students, brought on by a competitive environment thanks to immigration. The clock is ticking. First Nations people (and their white liberal advocates) have to start looking forward or risk being permanently left behind.
"Fifteen minutes later, police arrived and spent 30 minutes yelling at Brown to come out of his home. No one answered the door. Police left several messages on Brown’s cellular phone. Brown eventually replied in a text message that “they let their destructive brats run unsupervised. When you call them on it, you’re a racist, white devil. I’m not getting ripped off…I feared for my life.”  And to think that there are those who still deny that race is the undrrlying issue that motivates people's behavior.
What about Mexico? Mexican illegals are by far the largest number of violators. The fictitious 11.5 million number didn't just bottom out in 2003. They kept coming at the rate of 1 million per year. I guess his Jewish handlers do not want to put a stop to that. Balkanize the U.S. & destroy what ever there is is of the white European Protestant Peoples.
I will disagree with what you think you heard Trump say.  As far as doing my best to cause a violent scene, there were more things I could have done, by far, if I had really wanted a violent scene.   As I have said, I do not support white supremacy.
Lol, never heard of a Filipinas giving up 100k to ANYONE including their husband. But in any account all goo sucking trumpies want a brown skin Muslim to blame their woos on and deflect from a second amendment ,white senior citizen who was a flag flying American.
Ummm... Look at the history of Miss USA pageant... overwhelmingly Caucasian.  White people do not understand prejudice because they do not experience it against themselves.  When was the last time you were pulled over, or followed around in a store by security for the color of your skin.  This actually happens, and there are independent scientific studies that back it up.  With the technology of cell phone cameras and social media, evidence is being brought forward.  Black Lives Matter is one community saying they are tired of this, and if you don't put yourself in someone else's shoes, you will never understand.  You don't need to be ashamed of being European, but please understand a rising tide lifts all boats. We should support each other in this New Year and be happy we live in such a diverse community.
Because white people haven't been systematically targeted and killed for their race or orientation. Black people and LGBT folks are still continually discriminated against and (you you read the article) made death threats to in HIGH SHOOL. Where they're supposed to be learning. So just appreciate not NEEDING a month where you can try to feel comfortable being yourself for once. That's every single day for you.
These monuments were put up to rewrite the history of barbarism and treason of the Confederacy. They were put up mostly in the post war period to divide poor white folks and black folks in a region of third worldly inequality. Now they have been adopted by White Nationalists, the KKK and Nazis as rallying points for spreading the poison of White supremacy should anyone be surprised? Put these symbols of hate where they belong--a museum. Taking the monuments down doesn't rewrite history. These monuments were erected for the very purpose of rewriting history.
And yet the vast majority of Canadians understand that white children were also sent to boarding schools where they were abused, children sent to poor houses and orphanages and council homes in England were abused, and died on mass from disease and starvation in the same time periods. Heck the Prince of Wales himself was sent to a "residential school" where he was abused. And that we also understand that the goal of people working in these schools and in the government was not to abuse children, though that happened, especially by today's standards. And that cultural annihilation may have been one of the goals for many, but it is no different than any other form of proselytization. And that many of us do in fact know white people who were sent to boarding schools and residential schools, where they too were abused because that was normal then. Doesn't make it right. It's just what it was. But don't let facts get in the way.
Very telling that Trump jong orange didn’t say the same obvious thing about Houston and south Florida where a majority of the population is white, born again and republican - his favorite basket of deplorables.  Where the population is majority latino, black and democrat Mr. Trump has been slow acting, combative and petulent.  Somebody throw me some paper towels my living room is flooded.
President Trump was absolutely correct when he stated that both sides were to blame. Thousands of people witnessed Antifa terrorists with all sorts of weapons, walking the streets freely, looking for anyone not on their side to beat, club, stab and terrorize. The leftist globalist antifa Democrats are just as much to blame, and President Trump only stated the truth! Democrats are ruining America by simply looking the other way when they see their own people creating havoc, and placing 100% of the blame on the white supremacists.
"We need to talk about Islamophobia, white supremacy and far-right terrorism."  Too late. You missed your window of opportunity of about six hours without an Islamist terrorist attack.  It's been two days since the London attack on Muslims which killed one.  Since then we have had an Islamist terrorist attack in Paris and today an Islamist terrorist attack in Brussels. Not counting yesterday or the day before when there was an Islamist terrorist attack in Mogadishu, Somalia that killed about 50 innocent people.
In my opinion, white men do hold continuing advantage and disproportionate representations on college faculty rosters.  It has a tremendous impact on how students' minds are shaped and molded because when a perspective is absent, there is a tendency to not even acknowledge that hidden perspectives exist.  Pacific Islanders, both Chamorros and Hawaiians, have very little representation anywhere and as with UH, the University of Guam doesn't have enough professors of Chamorro ancestry and is populated by many white men.    I don't think the professor's blog is racist as much as it is about racialization and representation of all perspectives because there is a difference.
They look like those cheap bamboo patio torches from Walmart. Made in China or Vietnam no doubt.  What self-respecting white supremacist would carry one of those .... ahhh .... never mind.   Perhaps Trump's new trade war with China will mean the torches will be once again proudly be made in the USA. And retail for 18.77 instead of 8.44
But we all know this charter will never get past the courts, so the question we should be asking is why they've tried to implement it anyway? My feeling is it all plays into the Bell Pottinger idea of targeting 'white monopoly capital' - those in power already know the mining companies will take it to court and win, and when they do, they will point the finger at how, once again,  'white monopoly capital' is thwarting the implementation of 'radical economic transformation'.  If it wasn't so scary, it'd be downright brilliant.
Whiny, whiny white guys. What else is new?
Following this controversy makes me think about the numerous chefs, usually white males, serving mostly affluent white people cuisines they "discovered" from faraway places. (Some of Portland's best Mexican "authentic" Oaxacan street food, tacos, Vietnamese street food, etc...comes to mind) Some of Portland's so-called best chefs are, in my opinion, practicing the definition of cultural appropriation.
"Describe the discrimination On what basis were you discriminated against? race; origin;  Superintendent Smith permits her staff to discriminate on the basis of race, color and national origin in access to educational course offerings and programs. PPS data proves that students of color cannot access courses tied to long term academic achievement. For example, they disproportionately are not offered access to foreign language, academic supports, and electives that white students access. Easy to read spreadsheets have been compiled showing discrimination.  Do you have written information that you think will help us understand your complaint? Yes"
If your feelings are hurt by this article, then the problem lies with you and your tribe of "white people," and nowhere else.
When was this?  Fifty years ago?  It is getting hard to think that young whites are "privileged" on account of the injustices back then.  Because fifty years on is getting to be a long time.
Black and white, black and white.  What if said child was simple "confronted" with a different point of view and called it "hate"?  What if the " hate" wasn't extreme?  We are in a world of trouble, folks.
Thanks for the compliment.   Just proves how much of a hater you are. Proud, white, and unapologetic for being both.
So wait, as a white male, the media tells me I'm guilty of racism, misogyny and gender inequality.  Now, I am also expected to be in a committed relationship?   Wow! My mom once called me an S.O.B., missing the irony, but maybe she was right!
At least she is not pontificating stupidly like fellow billionaire brat Mark Zuckerberg on local, state issues about which he knows nothing except what he gleans from a few local mouthpieces and broadcasts on his "Facebook" empire based purely on white, corporate dogma.   To the point of claiming victimhood of the white North Dakota oil operatives without any inclusion of the suffering of the Standing Rock people or their supporters as the hands of the North Dakota Gestapo.  Oprah has more brains and conscience.
What MSW doesn't mention is the surge among younger voters who had been complacent last year. The shift was pronounced. This year they seemed to have sobered up from their youthful complacency, no doubt due to the Republicans' determination to get rid of their health care and/or the national emergency that is Donald Trump. Better late than never, I suppose, but the children did come through. As did the women. As one commentator speculated, "if Trump was the result of a backlash against the first black president, the election of Trump has produced a backlash among women." It was awfully nice to see all those women replace all those white men in the Virginia State House. Out with the old, in with the new.   As for whether Democrats can replicate this in the rust belt, well, let's just see what happens when the  cloak is finally pulled away from the Republicans' giveaway to the rich at the expense of the poor. Health care is saved but Republicans' attempts to gut it will not be forgotten.
Why did you put educated in quotes? Are you afraid of  white educated people?
Nancy Pelosi, Joe Biden, John Kerry all claim to be Catholic, yet support abortion.  The silence from Pope Francis is deafening.   Given that, how can Pope Francis actually expect us to take him seriously on this issue?  I would also like to know one thing: would liberal Catholics be so supportive of immigration "rights" if the majority of illegal immigrants were white and leaned Republican?
Only there because he's "non white" not because he was qualified, too many questions about this guy.
Thanks @LesterP.   I doubt the White House intruder was @Ruben Reyes, who was busy commenting on CB while Trump's "friend" was being held by authorities.  In any event, I respect @Ruben Reyes' opinions, even when I disagree with them, as I do in this thread.  I see the EO as a step toward Trump's campaign promise of a Muslim ban, which I believe to be unconstitutional.
Have you not noticed the incredible global civilization, including for the only time in human history the true emancipation of female sexuality via The Pill, forged by white guys?!  The one everybody's clambering to get aboard?  I couldn't be prouder.
Sadly, many conservatives give tacit support to white supremacist and neo-Nazi groups by saying "I support their right to free speech and peaceable assembly."  In a separate breath, they condemn anti-fascist protestors.  Another example of draping oneself in the Constitution when convenient.
Sounds like a document that says nothing. Dark people need to be held to account or allow white people to respond in kind.
Well said.  Trump could've thrown these guys in jail and the alt-left crazies would be lambasting him.  He denounced the retched white supremacists along with all hate groups.  Give it a rest people.  This is more incited hatred by the alt-left and their media cadres.
Yeah, maybe we should name streets, buttes, and parks after those first white people. They need recognition!   Oh wait, we already have.
"Let’s face it, whether we like it or not, Oregon is white."  Oh my goodness! I went to UO back in the 90's and...and...it makes me want to scream!
Kingwell's argument is part of the side show he's complaining about. You can't make an plea for minimal conditions of discussion i.e. liberal norms couched in polarising language unless your aim is to pat yourself and like minded people on the back.  Even more damning for political theory is lack of engagement with the social science on how norms beliefs and attitudes change. His argument about the impossibility of changing minds isn't any better than man-on-the-street. I'm fairly certain survey data shows positive change in beliefs over time i.e. attitudes do change. It's an open question of how and discourse ethics needs to be sensitive to that. If you look at a short time horizon it may seem impossible and yet in the long term owning them like they never thought otherwise. Resistance to change is predicted by philosophy of science with every "theory" presupposing supporting ideas.  Nazis and white nationalists are a tiny vocal minority who pose little danger to liberal institutions.
He's got to collect his carbon tax income before he can go out again for another money giving binge to everyone who is not Canadian, or white, or male, or hetero.
I liked Private Benjamin!    My wife enlisted in the army and loved training.  But at night many of the women were being whiny.   She had to remind them, 'Our primary purpose is to kill the enemy, just what did you expect?'      'There's a sucker born every minute'.    Some private business try to educate 'the sucker'.  Some target the 'sucker'.     It's a mistake to try to see private vs public as being black/white, good/bad.  Good question Bill, how can any school 'promise' a career, or be held liable for it?   I'm not opposed to private schools, but I will fight a single dime of taxpayer money going to support them, and that include tax credits which strips money from the public coffer.  *There's apparently a Lot to do to improve Oregon schools.  Quality private schools raise the public expectations for public schools - a very good thing?     Private still pays their own way.
White nationalists and the "alt left" are two sides of the same coin.  Both are made up of self identified "victims."   Both preach intolerance and hatred of any who disagree with them.  Both would tear up the Constitution.  White supremacists have been around for much longer and, compared to BLM and AntiFa anarchists, much better organized.  As more details come out, more questions arise.  Both sides came to Charlottesville looking for a fight.  The "white" side had a permit to demonstrate and the alt left just showed up.   The first question is "Why did the local police not take charge to keep order?"  It is as plain as the warts on a toad that both sides wanted violence!  The second question is "Why is the media ignoring the personal accounts of brutality on BOTH sides?"   Politicians need to realize that we are on the brink of anarchy.  It's past time for leaders of both parties to denounce extremism.  That is IF there are any leaders!
Hula Man, Trump's statements have emboldened white supremacist groups because his statemens mirror their statements to the public.
joseppi, you are the only one that seems to realize the seriousness of this action. gorsuch is 'too white' for 2017 america. in his opening statement he made it clear that he knows nothing about any american that is not born into, and brought up in an upper middle class, or higher, two parent (male dominated), evangelical christian environment. the problem i have with him is that he doesn't know he doesn't know the rest of us exist. his acceptance of the position also tells me he has no integrity. a truly honest man would not take the job if he was only liked by 54% of the people voting for him. with mike pence and 82% of our congress identifying as a christian, we can expect much more discrimination against everyone who isn't an evangelical, born again christian.
Jesus, Moses, and Solomon were Jews; Cleopatra a Greek - all look white to me.
"We all are already labeled deplorables, thanks to your queen."  No, not labeled, DESCRIBED. Thew actions of those right wing white rabble amply demonstrate that you and those who "think" as you do have earned the label. Don't like it?  Then change. Maybe at your next rabble fest you will display the only Treason Flag that really matters - the white one the traitor Lee dragged with him when he abjectly surrendered to Grant at Appomattox.
If they found tolerance didn't increase, they were dreaming. Most addicts will keep increasing their doses if available and prefer intravenous injections to I.M. or taking it orally. Part of the lure of opiates is the "flash," the visceral jolt which comes with IV use. I.M. use is less intense, longer lasting.  Intravenous methadone/dolophine, can be a drug of choice even if heroin is available. Morphine is less so because of attendant physical effects, "pins and needles."  In about 1980, Dan Waldorf located a physician in the Deep South who maintained a morphine maintenance clinic for addicts, mostly middle to upper class white women. He had kept scrupulous records and provided them, a treasure trove, publishing results in a monograph.  One of the values of maintenance clinics is in their outreach in the prevention of HIV, of HCV, and other  blood borne disease, i.e., syphilis.
Alceste you have no argument. Just threats. Let me make this clear . I will die for my culture, my family,my language. Just like my family did in ww1 and ww2.  They died so their children could have a better life.  The fact that you can even have comment is a testament to their resolve.  I guarantee one thing. I will stand up from now and lean in. My children's way of life depends on it. To all who live in this country your way of life is threatened. Stand up or disappear. Somewhere somehow marxismanaged manifested itself while we slept. It is the greatest threat to our way of life. The left did this to our families, our culture, our existance. It's our job to change it before its too late. To all white Anglo Saxon people Stand up and lean in Your  VOTE and your action matters more than ever
Heard that, too. The interesting thing is though, most callers didn't get it. They didn't asked the question to shame men, they asked the question to provoke the thought that work-place harassment is in fact not just a male-to-female problem, but more of a general power-relationship issue at work, irrespective of gender. To demonstrate that also apparently strong-straight white men can be subjected to severe harassment. Unfortunately, most callers (females) misunderstood and used their 2min publicity to share their hatred for men. One female caller and a few male callers got the point, as the host of the show pointed out on several occasions.
1. Pot is already everywhere.  If you don't know that it's easier for kids to get ahold of illegal products than legal ones then you really don't have anything to add to this conversation.  2. You should read an econ 101 textbook because not a thing you said makes sense. 3. We all pick and choose what laws we obey.  At least you should.  I do not follow immoral or unconstitutional laws.  You can bet your @ss that if they pass a law against owning guns that I will break that law.  I am proud that I know people who disobeyed "Whites Only" laws in the 50's.  I am very proud to live in a country where we do not demand blind obedience from our population.  Perhaps you should move someplace more in line with your values, like Cuba or North Korea.  They're all about obeying there.
Racist and #wmcpaid journalists are writing columns as judges of country. White monopoly has captured and operated any way they wanted, now Guptas and other businesses are trying to enter their domain and do better, white media / companies are scared, all this #guptaleaks propganda is to save white media.
BLM looks more like an anarchistic , attention seeking approach than a professional collective working to improve Black people’s lives.    There was one mentally ill man threatening police with a hammer who happens to be black who was killed by the police.(A. Loku)  A year or two before than there was a mentally ill young man with a knife on a trolly car who happened to be white killed by police.  Is their connection mental illness or racial injustice?  I hope that this collective uses a more professional approach to get their issues resolved like Tory would like to see them.
Well, Donald is sure ignoring the white supremacists on Twitter. He's just putting down the Dems, and endorsing Luther Strange in Alabama (one of his favorite states).
Like the Donald the "far right" just loves to exaggerate.   One hardly has to be left of centre even to be disturbed by what they see in the upper levels of American corporate culture, which is where the real power and wealth in the US resides (and has been harnessed by Trump for his cabinet). Rich, old white guys, the demographic I describe and who are the subject of the photo accompanying this story, are exactly at the pinnacle of that power pyramid and now earn hundreds of times more than their employees - and engineer golden parachutes and bonuses for themselves even when they screw up. It is beyond shameful to see the most venal of them exerting their power now to try to undermine the hopes and dreams of minorities in America.   They thank you for your unquestioning and eager support, lazee, I'm sure..
20x more terrorist acts committed by white supremecists in the US last year compared to Islam  Similar stats elsewhere
"While terrorist attacks are surely frightening and shake our belief in our own safety, they are, in fact, responsible for very few deaths. That is how terrorism works – it terrorizes through its randomness. In the past few years, common household items, such as ATVs, have killed more Americans annually than terrorists. A restriction or ban on small household appliances would make us safer."  So everyone getting hysterical about the attack in Quebec City should calm down, it doesn't mean Muslims are "under attack" by "white males"? I agree!  As for your Egyptian grandmother, she came here a long time ago, and I am sure was grateful to be here and encouraged you to integrate and mingle with Canadians, not feel aggrieved that Canadian society wasn't Muslim enough. She would have passed my test for Canadian values.
Will look forward to reading this work as I grew up on the Catholic segregated Southside.  My parish, perhaps, the largest in  the archdiocese, Visitation, was in a state of high tension for years as I was growing up.  The fear of blacks breaking the boundaries to move into our neighborhood, which they eventually did, was ever present.  Never a word, a sermon, a lesson about the racial conflict which hung as a persistent cloud over us. A non-Catholic couple had a meeting in their home regarding union activities. Some black persons were invited to attend. Parishioners swelled to about a 1,000 a night for a period of time till the couple was forced to sell and the parish bought the property to keep the neighborhood white.  The RCC was proactive in maintaining segregation.  This is well documented. Check out: The Siege of South Peoria Street.
You don't see a pattern?  Trump is loyal to the core to his peeps, until they diverge from his world view, and tell him too much that abrades his "alt-world-view"...then off to the trash heap.  His speech to the Boy Scouts about loyalty was completely without conviction.  Why is this important? Because believe me if he thought there was a voter base out there that would enhance his prestige more that the current, he'd throw you wall under the bus too.  Most of the GOP, politician and voters don't support the White Supremacists, but he keeps pandering to them.  He knows those "fine people" will always be there for him if he says what they want to hear, and tell him how great he is.
That is not the point of my comment, nor of others in reply to the same writer.  "Truth" can indeed be racist or sexist - racists claim they hold the truth all the time.  If you go for the surface view, as you clearly do, then what Mike B is saying looks true.  But if you look at how they created their wealth, then you see the use of racist, abusive and manipulative methods in many cases to get what the white men wanted.  Really, I'm surprised you wouldn't know this Bumpy!
So you are claiming that all/most/stat sig number of poor or non-white people are inherently criminal? Who's the racist?  See, violent crime is nowhere near evenly distributed in poor communities but very concentrated among a small sub-culture. You excuse those violent sub-minority by lumping in the vast majority of the poor and disadvantaged with them rather than insisting on personal accountability.    Try some truth instead of virtue-signalling how egalitarian you are.
Did the Miqmaq kill any white guys?
Actually Trump took a large segment of the black vote,  but Hillary got the White Guilt vote across the board.
Who knows?  Perhaps the Trump will decide that putting wealthy white male executives of the for-profit health insurance industry between a patient and his/her doctor is a really bad idea.  We just might get a universal, single payer health care system, and join the civilized world.  Stephen J. Remington
I challenge anyone here that thinks Kaepernick's racial leftist activism be allowed on the field to support allowing similar activism by a white right wing racial activist on equal terms. Not one of you would accept it and you know it.
Trump won because we are tired of being called racists.  Dems  have no ideas, so all they can do is use identity politics.  Young white males are at a huge disadvantage in today's PC society
Quoting Gospel doesn't feed the bull dog! Does that have a sentence in there that says something like "I able am lazy and you didn't help me?" or The corrupt Democrats said you owe me a living and you didn't fall for the white guilt trip" or "I hate and don't believe in your god, but you should still listen my nonsense"? This is the real world and you liberals couldn't hold a candle to my ex-wife when it comes to pushing guilt trips. Hell, she was a certified travel agent for them.
First start with the term "alt-right" which was coined by white supremacists to re-brand the racist and anti-semitic groups on the far right to confuse and make them more palatable. Now those same people have invented "alt-left" in an attempt to create a false equivalency. "See, we're no different than the other side!". Except the alt-right wants expunge America of Jews, blacks, immigrants and foreigners and the other side is against that. No rational person condones violence and we must prevent it, but this is about way more than violence. This is about what is right and good on ones side and what is un-American and evil on the other.
I love the sport side of Politics. Piers Morgan is a lackey and stooge of the CONservatives!  I looked up "Conservative" in Webster's Dictionary: "Conservative: Middle aged, angry white male that tends to view everything that takes place in the world as a conspiracy, has a tendency to spin wild tales or thinks they are smarter than the entire world although their brain ability and capacity absolutely can not handle complex thoughts unless they made up fables, tales, lies, or conspiracies.".
Pres. Trump and his closest aids, all of whom were men, will not fund any organization that doesn't "disavow" abortion.  Women's health, especially in third-world countries, involves education, cancer screening, teaching young women to care for themselves and yes,  sadly abortions are required when women are burdened by pregnancies they can't cope with.  Why are the lives of these women not cherished by people who think in terms of black and white....good and bad?
"As to President Trump not having issued a condemnation of white supremacist ideology, Rieder seems blind or deaf to the fact that the President did so."   In fact, I am neither blind nor deaf to the President's response.  That is precisely why I used the term "waffling" to describe it.    I would also note that my discussion centered on the ordinary Americans who actually fought the war -- our relatives -- not U.S. policies or the views of various political groups.
I would be embarrassed to be on the same dais as White who preaches:  "I feel impressed of the Lord to ask you to do something that I believe will create a memory in the mind of God and this will change your future. I want you to give a seed offering that I call a “Gratitude” seed. This is an extremely powerful seed for you… especially at this time in your life. This seed will do two things for you.   This seed will get God’s attention. Remember, God sits high and looks low. He is looking for faith on the earth. This seed will require strong faith. This seed will be seen as a “Gratitude” offering. Gratitude always produces favor and favor will cause you to receive in a moment, more than some do in a lifetime!"  How does Cardinal Dolan  reconcile White's “prosperity gospel" with true Catholic Christian teachings?
Get a grip Doc, just because Ralph countered your rant with a reasoned and measured reply is no reason to get all huffy. Or do you simply expect your posts to be taken without comment or criticism? And for what it's worth you do come across as a stereotype of a scared old white man.  Nothing in the article says that existing texts are being replaced, just that additional books are being offered that more broadly reflect the make up of the students. Are you so scared of new ideas that you can't accept that? Do you think that there have been no worthwhile books written in the last decades. They have been many and some are even by non-European authors.
Once again i commend our officers and troopers for their continued de-escalation. They chose a move that brought reduced risk, and obviously have an opportunity to readdress the individual in a less stressful situation.  A few comments mentioned race, do you think out cops care if he is white, black, native or purple? We grew up with these men/women, went to school, hell even got into their own mischief. They are not there to "catch" us, but to protect us.  Once again, great job APD. We can set the bar, and I appreciate all of your efforts to preserve life in our last frontier.
There are hundreds of these sites, the people just refuse to listen, unfortunately they are brain washed that white= evil, plus the majority of South Africans do not have internet and thus have no way to access this information. BFLF still claims whites own 80% of SA. No what needs to happen is that White South African must stop being scared of being labeled racist and take these people on. Those who have money need to start legal action against the liars, and the media outlets that support them. I do not care if some libtard ass calls me racist because, as my wise father always said' sticks and stones and break my bones but words will never harm me. I know the truth of who and what I am and someone who knows nothing about me labeling me does not bother me. Racist is a word that is very fast loosing its power due to over use, faster whites stop letting it be used as a whip against them the faster it dies. I admire Helen because she refused to let this word stop her.
I didn't see the baby, but the two boys look very white, like the parents. (although a number of Afghans are also fair of skin, hair and eyes)  But who knows whether she was raped repeatedly or at all. Maybe she was. Maybe she wasn't.  I don't believe Boyle any more than I believe the Taliban.
I use the term "racism" because it draws attention to the disease itself, which is a form of hatred and fear and highly contagious.  "white supremacy" is just one facet of the disease, albeit often the main vector---I've seen people of all ethnicities catch the disease of racism from even one exposure, and I'm watching now as racist terms are propagated in popular culture and the media, breeding whole new crops of racists of every persuasion
Please don't try to bait and switch people into thinking that this has anything to do with an investigation into tampering or meddling with the vote by the Russians.   Please research Kris Kobach.  When you read the record of this individual you will see that the two have nothing to do with each other except that they both involve the last election.  Kris wants to make it harder for anyone who is not a RWM (rich white male) to vote.  That's his life's work.
So obvious, are you saying it is ok to fight racism with more racism?  It sounds that way.  Or are you off the current intersectionality belief that non-whites by definition cannot be racist?  I seriously am trying to understand how you can defend what she said or did.  Perhaps in the context of trying to understand how her behavior is supposed to move any of us forward.  btw I fully support her not getting into trouble for what she said.  Not only do I believe in free speech but I like how she demonstrates that hate can come in all colors.  Its not just a white male thing.
white privilege, the biggest lie of them all
Probably the same way they and everyone else got involved either supporting or opposing capital punishment and every other life-changing issue under the sun.  If you have a thing against white people, or successful people, or Christian folk, or men, there's nothing I can do to help you.
First of anarchists don't vote.  You have it backwards.  It was the Trump voters who beat up people they didn't like.  Half of all Trump voters said whites are discriminated against in this country.  That's not a handful.
A multi-racial coalition of faith, student and community activists announced Saturday that they plan to march from Charlottesville, Virginia, to the nation’s capital in response what they called President Donald Trump’s failure to confront the white supremacy on display at a violent rally in the Virginia city earlier this month. The 10-day march will begin Monday and is expected to stop at Confederate monuments along the route. Organizers say white supremacist violence, rhetoric and policies have intensified since Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and must be confronted.
Barry, Al, Jesse, Fredericka, etc. ate crow condemning Police/White people/etc. but the perpertrator(s) for their deaths! Not even the 6 Police officers brought to trial in the Freddy case by Marilyn who condemned their actions without looking at all the facts for Racial awareness! I admit that I'm aware of the racial bias in America but to falsely accuse people of racial bias without the facts is a CRIME in itself! I'm not blinded from the fact of racial bias because of politics in which Democrats/liberals use to their advantage even having to sling false news without facts for their gain. It's all SMoke and Mirrors, deceit, lies, etc. for votes
And one of the first things kids will learn is that if you are a white middle-class female you won't have to worry about the punishments a young blue-collar male might have faced.
Back in the day, most white people in the south thought Jim Crow laws were completely justified. The reason they don't today is because, with the benefit of time and education, they came to understand the systemic injustice they were perpetuating.  No rational person is against reasonable immigration laws. But let's not fool ourselves. These new deportation policies are about racial profiling, pure and simple. It isn't gatherings of predominantly white people that are being targeted, and it isn't white people who are being asked to prove they belong here.  The comparison of these new policies to Jim Crow laws is apt. In both cases, exceptions are being made because of race. That is inherently unjust.
Yeah, man. Totally the Systemic Patriarchy of the Oppressive White Power Structure and stuff.  Let me know if you'd like a demographic breakdown of the homicides in Denver over the years.
If this was an African American shot and killed by two white men, race would of been mentioned.  The sad thing being some one lost his life over a wallet and men not knowing the value of human life. SAD!
RangerMC wants to ignore suicides and Black on Black crimes as unimportant, even though they constitute most of the gun deaths.  However, White on White crimes are important to him, as are homicides, because they fit his narrative.
So, according to this, I can come to your protest with my Make America Great Again T-shirt and protest the killing of unborn babies? We have to respect everyone's rights, correct? Including mine? You can protest what upsets you, and I can protest what upsets me? We can do this peacefully without violence? I can come speak about love of country at your rally without getting threatened, assaulted, or killed? I can do it without being booed? I can choose to lock my front door and not let the drunk neighbor inside who is pounding on my door and threatening me? Or does that make me a bigot and racist? Typically when someone says they want to chop my head off, I don't allow them in my house. I know that's an odd concept for some. And yes, I am white, and yes, I grew up poor, and yes, I worked hard and got wealthy, and yes, I have many family members from all over the world. And shock of all shocks, I respect and love them. Oh, maybe because they aren't threatening to kill me.
How was anything I said a lie?  trump claims that there are good white supremacists.   That's a lie.
Corker said Tillerson, along with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and White House chief of staff John Kelly, are “those people that help separate our country from chaos.”  Spot-on assessment. Hoping they continue to put country before politics, but how much longer they'll tolerate being undermined and derided ... who knows?
I live in a very white small city of perhaps 43 thousand in BC  We have extremely few black folks and if I met someone Jewish, I would have no idea of  their Jewishness unless told so.  Therefore, when on the rare occasion seeing someone Jewish then being told afterward I met a Jewish person, I struggle to imagine what it was I  was supposed to dislike about them.  As for someone Black, the very rare time encountering one with such a colour of skin, my immediate thought is sometimes simply......I am supposed to be biased and rejecting this person......why? What  is objectionable about this person......then I move on.  I am 63 and still struggle to figure out what it is and why we are supposed to dislike all these 'different' people.  Perhaps I am patherically naive and if so......can someone explain all this to me?
The gun that was found/planted was a Colt Mustang .380 APC see:  https://twitter.com/JoeBrunoWSOC9/status/779811347752157184/photo/1  Lots of racist comments here - a lot of thought less dim bulbs it seems to me .  Run, run run white boys (and girls). Things are much different now - and Trump won't save your sorry a__.  "Tracy Chapman - Talkin bout a revolution"  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKYWOwWAguk
Is that what Diversity mean in their Canada of today?  When a white kid chooses to dress, say in kimono or Indian, he/she is obviously paying them honour, not debasing them.  Cross-cultural views should be encouraged, not frowned upon. Imitation is best form of flattery.
I feel angry right now...that this has happened yet again, even worse this time, and yet our nation remains paralyzed by denial, apathy and helplessness.  When people describe this as "senseless evil" or "sheer lunacy," this response rejects any desire to understand or study why this happens over and over, running away from a desperately needed dialogue on why and how our whole American culture, not just one "lone wolf," is insane.  Why does one insane person commit violence when so many other mentally ill people never cause harm?  Gun control would help, but I agree with the gun rights people that violence will not stop if guns are unavailable, because our country is idolatrous of violence-why?  How do we understand anger and entitlement as a culture?  Almost every mass shooting is perpetrated by a white male.  When do we stop seeing white manhood as normative and start asking why this demographic is so high risk for mass destructive acts?  The questions must be faced.
He was certainly quick to lash out at somebody taking a moral stand yet was painfully slow to take one himself when it was needed most. Now that he has finally condemned the white supremacists, it rings very hollow in light of how he has behaved in the last two days!
There were a number of Canadian participants at a violent white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va., earlier this month, and there have recently been anti-Islam and anti-immigration rallies in cities such as Quebec City, Calgary and Vancouver.  -----  There are at least 3 false or misleading statements and omissions in one paragraph alone.  1) The number of Canadians participating in the rally has been confirmed at 2, out of a population of 30+ million.  2) The violence began when the mayor declared martial law, revoked the permit of the protesters, ordered the police to disperse the protesters into the waiting hands of antifa, then ordered the police to stand down.  All culminating in the tragic death of a young counter-protester.  By all accounts this was an orchestrated failure of policing that led to the violence and a lone wolf.  3) The recent rallies were protesting RADICAL islamic extremism and ILLEGAL immigration.  There were no racist overtones.
Except that Hitler banned a whole group for his purpose of eventually annihilating them. Gun control in the USA has nothing to do with such preposterous proposals. While blacks were banned from owning guns that was the white supremacists ( Hitler light) in the South who indulged in that unconstitutional behavior. At the time they never believed in equal rights where the Constitution applies towards everyone.
"Miltons farmland is taken over by mostely foreigners of color. PLease note that I am just stating a factual point here....thats all."  Right, because everyone who isn't white is foreigner. So glad I read your comments and got the facts.
hahaha - I made a very tame, very calm comment re: this article an hour ago, and it has already been BANISHED! And I even opened my comment by stating that I am happy to see more light shed on the exploitation of Africa!  Hilarious! - Pernicious Censorship at its finest right here folks!  The jist of my BANISHED comment: If we want to be honest about the damage done to Africa by evoking the rampant historic slave trade there, we cannot reduce it to a monopolistic onus on white Christians -- this will leave readers grossly misinformed and only FUEL the 'racial' divisiveness more and more apparent in our day.  If we are to bring up white Christian slave trading, we must - as honest brokers of historic 'fact' - also mention the centuries long incidents of Muslim slave holders and traders, trading and holding black Africans... as slaves!  Or is the truth about -ONE- particular faith and culture now off limits, while we can tar another to high heaven?
I have some knowledge of the South and those whites with 'barely a high school education' (for many, by choice) and I agree with you that Trump's fan club will stay with him, because their reasons are emotional, not based on reality.  Trump's shouted slogans, simplistic ideas, defiant stance, play right into their imagination.  Many of those 'poor whites' remain uneducated by choice, some proud of it and reluctant to learn new skills.
if you are born here you are not an immigrant you may be a child of immigrants  "all immigrants" is merely the agenda of the progressive left with a chip on its shoulder about "old white males" whom they want to put down and immerse them with white guilt
I agree.  How would Mariana Sofía Paredones feel if a white US citizen decided to attend school in Mexico, and while there, started taking trash about a Mexican presidential candidate??  It's Hispanic immigrates like her that harm all immigration efforts.  She has shown that she's probably not too smart.  If I travel to Mexico and sated to act that way (Facebook, bad-mouthing, ect.), I'd be  afraid I would "disappear" in a hurry.  Certainly not eluding to anything, but I sure wouldn't want to be in her shoes after the event.
Experts are not needed to explain away Paul's reason for not placing women in authority over men.  Paul is quite explicit - it is right there in the text I quoted.  Proof-text indeed!  What is there to whisper about when we can all read it in black and white?  As to the NT pattern, we use our collective imagination and imitate that primitive church even as it tried to imitate Christ. We imitate the catholic church, even as it imitates Christ.  We have to imitate something: what do you propose we imitate?  The current popular ideology of equality?  It isn't biblical.  The scripture is the authority of God in the Seventh-day Adventist church.  Not voting.  I care not how the votes are counted. I will always oppose WO until I am persuaded from the scripture that God Himself ordains it.
You didn't have radical Marxist students who thought we lived in an oppressive patriarchy when you were in university? They were certainly around in Alberta in the 80s and 90s, and were being taught and encouraged by professors who first attended university in the 60s and 70s. Most of its passionate adherents were white back then, of course, but they've been around for a long time. The only difference today is colonialism has been added to the mix.
"Trump isn't even taking a salary."  Good.  That means taxpayers aren't paying him to lie, obfuscate, have a twice-daily tantrum, change his mind every five minutes, pack Federal courts with abominable judiciary candidates, formulate every possible way to effect massive takeaways from all standing social programs, limit immigration basically to educated, skilled white people, decimate environmental programs and policies, wink at racism and other forms of white supremacy, denigrate military members and families, attempt suppression of a free press and free expression, display his astounding ignorance of history and all other academic matters, insult and cause rifts with world leaders, and bring us to the brink of nuclear war needlessly.  His "salary" is easily, comfortably covered by the massive family security expenditures funded by taxpayers -- and his resorts and hotels are doing well, thank you, from foreign toadies.  I'll join the clamor -- no way in heck you EVER voted Democratic.
Kevin Hoffman (with whom I never agree on anything) said: "Do you think if this was a man that he'd have been allowed to finish college before going to prison? Of course not. That's a privilege that only females enjoy."  Ms. Blank, gotta say Hoffman's post was pretty short to elicit all of those judgments on which your injured "feminine sensibilities" seem to be predicated.  The--female--DA tried to let Ashley Nichole Bashore off with less than a YEAR for running down Hubert Tunuchuk, leaving him to die, and claiming she hit "a mangy rottweiler with no collar."  Tell me, should I be castigated for pointing out that the DA tried to shield Ms. Bashore from justice because they're both women and I shouldn't say anything bad about 'em, ever?  Or should I take greater umbrage that she got away without even being CHARGED with vehicular manslaughter of a young Yu'pik man?  I'd have to go with the latter.  His uncle and family definitely agreed.  "White privilege" applies to white women, too.
Maybe he's white.
Those that the Fascist group Antifa are violently attacking aren't white supremacist- so I wouldn't know. Perhaps you should pull the blinders off?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/yes-antifa-is-the-moral-equivalent-of-neo-nazis/2017/08/30/9a13b2f6-8d00-11e7-91d5-ab4e4bb76a3a_story.html?utm_term=.bda952c7c257#comments
So it went from being "disrespecting the flag" to a work place issue, I see.   Btw, I am white so no points for you crackerjack.
Gary:  If you were totally against racism, you would have a complaint about only black people being chosen to speak at the rally.   Were there not white people and others with similar stories?  Maybe Jews?
Frederick Minshall, I'm just kidding about that last part---I thought it'd be funny to say; it's what I would say to any foot-soldier, perpetuating the artificial boundaries of racial distinctions, adding strength to a tool which has been used to the detriment of humanity for many centuries.  And you're right---About the Federal Reserve, about generations of discriminatory banking and housing practices, about many aspects of our educational institutions, the unions, the police, the military, the prison system:  America, monolithic bastion of white supremacy, spanning four hundred years and counting.  I think of the rebels in Haiti, throwing off the yoke of slavery and European rule, and turning for help to the new American republic, beacon of liberty---Only to find that, to the "founding fathers", they were just a bunch of lawless blacks.  I see what you're saying---But it's not the whole answer, and perpetuating it isn't the solution
Of course Trump is anti-immigrant. He has made that clear to the world every chance he gets a podium and a microphone. He does not want brown people in our country. If you're not hearing this, then there's a really strong possibility you need a hearing aid. His relentless bigotry only emboldens those who think an all-white U.S.A. is the Final Solution. It scares me and a lot of parents who send their kids to schools in which other kids openly show their support for this guy. You think our brown students feel safe when they see a Trump shirt? You think they can focus on their learning? I hope we can get our kids to engage in civil dialogue about this. That should be the goal. But I also fear the fact that it only takes one hate-filled gun-toting nut job who thinks Trump is the new Messiah to bring us another tragedy.
Only if you suffered physical, sexual and emotional abuse, and neglect. I assume everyone did in that era but because you are white you get the privilege of paying more taxes instead. Snowflakes are exempt from any compensation.
So, in order to make an apolitical white shooter a terrorist, Saunders proposes we change the meaning of the word "terrorism."  This column is one of the most obvious examples of partisan waffling I've seen in a while.
Perhaps you should come to Victoria.  Three of my friends bought homes in Victoria this year.  They were all white multi-generational Canadians..  They all bought their homes with no conditions.  2/3 never viewed the home in person.  One was viewed on facebook.  The other was not viewed at all, they viewed pictures of a similar unit that were posted on the builders website.  Not all that happens in life is the route of racism.  My wife and I are both government workers, and we can't afford a house here.  Our friends received 100k-300k from their parents and also have decent incomes.  My parents never won the housing lottery because they live in rural Nova Scotia.  As a result I will never be able to afford a house.  In addition, the house we live in is for sale, so we need to put up with constant viewings with a 1 year old.  We can't find anything else to rent either.    Wanting a place to live is not racist.  Yes, there are foreign buyers too, and it makes the situation worse.
Mr. Doyle, sadly you are right.  His behaviour is a microcosm of the culture, though not all of it and I wouldnt say only America. (I thought Cdns were wholly polite or at least not (as?) nasty/mean-spirited until I started venturing into comments sections).  Nonetheless for those of us who still hold onto decency, civility, respect expectations (though sometimes a little sarcasm too) it is jarring and painful to see.   I disagree that 'it is unrealistic to expect otherwise.'  We can still hope this behaviour does not become normalised.  For people raising young children, especially American children, who desire to raise decent human beings, what do they tell them about their leader?  Re his aide point that people knew what they were getting, she's right.  It still boggles my mind that 53 of white women voted for him.  What is especially troubling is to watch both men and women turn themselves into pretzels trying to defend him (and claim to be christians at the same time).
He forgot to mention the white nationalist attack in Quebec City of course.
That's great how we have all the variety in 'pride' parades...however I'm straight, I'm white, and I'm proud...where is my 'pride' parade?
"Charlottesville video surfaces showing white supremacist shooting pistol at protester" Guess you don't call that violence?
I have never heard a success story of a native child being brought up in a white home. More horror stories then anything...
So who is this guy who's offering the money?  The Canadian Press described him as "a self-proclaimed online journalist who regularly posts accolades to the superiority of white people, along with diatribes against immigration in general and Muslims in particular."  He posted an absolutely vile online video chuckling over prospects that someone might assassinate MP Iqra Khalid.  And now the Globe is giving him free publicity.
As in the USA, most terrorism is from white, male citizens, not Islamic terrorists.
Is that true though? I understand that there are 4m-odd taxpayers only (thought everybody pays VAT, of course), and thus that whites pay most of the personal tax.  Or is transformation actually much further advanced than we are led to believe?
Two Tone Trump isn'a a racist.  He's now  a white ethno-nationalist with his new BFFs.
What about White men who say they are victims of racism? You may disagree with their analysis, but their cry does seem to have some resonance among the Right.
Black people to White people are approx 10:1. That means that if there are 110 people in a room 10 will be white and 6.3 will earn more than 10k a month. There will be 100 black people and 8 of them will earn more than 10 k a month. So establishing that ignoring capital, black people control the wealth of this country by way of spending power.   Even if you were to disappear all the white people without disappearing their wealth, there will now be 1oo black people of whom 14 will earn more than R10 k a month. Still 86 desperately poor people.   If the demographics of the country were reversed, then wealth transfer could have worked. Your only hope to help the 92 poor blacks are growth,growth,growth. Wealth transfer in any form will only benefit the top 10% of black people and most likely the top 1% of black people (the Cadres).   ANC/(RET) the party of the 1% (of black people), by the 1% (of black people),( for the 1%) of black people?
Still up to your white supremacist nonsensical bullying.
James is white and claims to own property in Portland. He's a sensitive little winger snowflake.
Rhyner, you're plugging away at an old Anchorage white guy problem-blame the victim if the victim is Native. This is about leaving her to die. That at the very least, is manslaughter.
It's not necessarily an issue about jobs in my neck of the woods.  Montana's unemployment level is low relative to the national average but the meth use is sky high.  Kids say it's boredom and peer pressure. You may want to make it about jobs, but how in the hell do they support their habits without jobs?  Most of them don't sell or steal, they work real jobs and that's how they pay for it.   This isn't about ghetto drug use.  They is way more about the drug use patterns of the sixties by white kids trippin' out.  Believe you what you want.  I'm sure you aren't an active part of the solution anyway.
The left already tried to redefine racism as unique to whites only. Your actions define what and who you are. .......... Definition of fascism      1     often capitalized :  a political philosophy, movement, or regime (such as that of the Fascisti) that exalts nation and often race above the individual and that stands for a centralized autocratic government headed by a dictatorial leader, severe economic and social regimentation, and forcible suppression of opposition. ............... I don't see anywhere were it's limited to the right. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/fascism
Oh, that white-supremacist that walks into a black church and guns down a prayer meeting, yeah, he's on trial in North Carolina...
???  I must have missed the news reports on Harper and Ford serially sexually abusing women (and bragging about it), funding his business empire with money laundering money, pandering to the Russians, white supremacy sympathizers, declaring bankruptcy 5 times, not paying middle class tradespersons, running a fraudulent university, not having basic understanding how government works, insulting war heroes, parents of dead soldiers, etc, etc, etc.....
Where did you get that info that most were there  illegally?  "Most" were allowed into the U.S. and Canada shortly after the earthquake; it was meant to be a temporary stay until their country was in relatively good condition again.  Canada put an end to its renewal of such stays last year, the U.S. is now thinking about ending theirs.    Pls stop with the misinformation and proselytizing lies/uninformed assumptions/stereoptypes- associating black, brown, visible with suspect/illegal.  I would hazard a guess you are completely unaware of the number of white people who are in Canada and the U.S. illegally.  They would never be arpaio'd; they are seen as belonging.  It's perfectly reasonable to be po'd that these people are flaunting Cdn laws and being rewarded with places to stay, taxpayer funding.  They had a long run, they knew it was not permanent and should have been planning for this day.  They should be sent home.  There is no need to perpetuate stereotypes to make a point.
That so many career professionals are leaving not just the Intell agencies but the State Dept and other departments critical to the functioning of any first world country is very disturbing. That these professionals are being replaced by political functionaries whose main claim to fame is white power or extreme nationalism is even more disturbing. Or in most cases the critical empty slots are not being filled at all. President Bannon rules while the donald flies back to his palatial spread at Mar a Lago for more much needed R&R. Looks like he canceled his return to NYC and the tower because he would be forced to run the gauntlet of the hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers who have always seen through the fraud and have always rejected and despised him. Mel won't come to the White House and the so called president can't come home to the tower so what is he to do but fly back to Florida on Air Force One for more golfing. One month in office and three vacations to Florida already. Sadly.
Gregory visited my college.  He spent about 40 minutes insulting white Christians and was paid at least $15,000 for his gratuitous insults.
Right on Dennis.  Trump maybe doing nothing more than supporting authoritarians on this tour of his.  Bibi certainly qualifies, and I am very much interested in how the Vatican and Trump's White House spin his meeting with the longest authoritarian government on Earth with the most authoritarian definition of leadership.  It will certainly be interesting to see how Mr. 'I won the electoral college' fares in the face of "god made popes infallible".    Personally I find it all sickening.
White American males hold the record for mass shootings (murder). Think Aurora, Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, etc., etc., etc. Statistically we'd be safest if only Women were allowed to buy/possess guns and White American males were banned from any form of possession. Yes, I'm a White American male.
Yes. Accusations of racism require lots of absolute hard evidence...don’t you dare read anything into the fact that we have a high school in Colorado with a Confederate “rebel” as it’s mascot...god forbid you offend white people without proof.
I would like to see some verified statistics on your point that "the biggest majority of these people you speak of will continue to vote for the party that has directly caused most of their problems...". This kind of comment perpetuates a depressingly familiar habit of white South Africans to view poor, disadvantaged (and black) South Africans as a single group with a mass mentality. Get out from under your cabbage and get to really know some fellow South Africans who happen to be black. It's a start in adjusting your singularly closed-minded perspective. It will also open your small world a tad.
Charles constantly says that all white people have what they have and are successful  solely because of "white advantage".    I am merely returning the favor.  He is black and successful; it must be because of 'affirmative action'  Individual merit has no place in his world.     We are now equal because of his 'black advantage'.
Well we still live in a country where a white girl can creep your Facebook months after you remove her, see a 4 month old photo of you posing with a firearm, tell police you're Arab/Persian, a wanna-be extreamist, have guns and drugs at your home and are attending your college later that day to shoot people.  Police will believe her, automatically arrest you for gun possession and put you in jail.  Police will later find out you're not Arab/Persian, not an extreamist, have no guns or drugs at your house, have no criminal record and were actually attending your college for class that evening. It won't matter, all that matters is the allegations against you. The gun in question regarding the Facebook photo, was taken the day you attended a local gun club with you're uncle who is the legally registered gun owner. That won't matter either. What will matter is that you upset the white girls and their feelings are more important than evidence can prove. Racist are all over Canada.
Why do we need to talk about Islamophobia when it is a made-up word by Islamists to silence honest and critical debate about a religion that needs reform? Why do we need to talk about white supremacy when "white" nations are the only nations of the world who openly allow other groups to immigrate and give them equal legal status? This is not happening in the rest of the world. Zimbabwe white farmers were forced off their lands they owned for generations and now the country can't feed itself.  Why do we need to talk about far-right terrorism when the overwhelming problem in the West is Islamic terrorism, which we can't even begin to discuss honestly?
oh Tim, you know as well as the rest of us do that you cannot condemn all for the sins of a few. Are all jews guilty for the few that condemned the christ ? are all Germans guilty for the genocide committed by the Nazis or all Americans guilty for the terrorist actions of the U.S. government on dropping atomic bombs on innocent civilians.  Neither can you say that everyone in the entertainment industry is guilty of the exploitation that a few perpetrate. If you have been paying attention you'd know that my position on the exploitation of Polynesian was contained to one specific film produced by one specific studio. Also my stand against the illegal and unlawful occupation and oppression of Hawai'i and Hawaiians is limited to the U.S. government specifically and does not include every U.S. citizen or white person.  If you're going to try to make accusations please try to make the accurate, lol :P
BLM have been much more active and violent than white supremacists over the last few years, it really isn't a fair comparison. To the white supremacists.
It's not just the US that the Russians tried to subvert...England, the Ukraine and Germany were also targets. We need to ensure that Russian meddling is stopped or our Western Democracy is in danger.
I've already explained it. You refuse to include all white people. HOw many more times do I have to explain it?
Fox News and much of the right wing, including the president are mad that cities are removing  traitorous white supremacist Confederate statues. The white nationalists who rallied in Charlottesville, VA over the weekend did so because they are mad that Charlottesville is going to remove traitorous white supremacist Confederate statues.   The mainstream Republican Party in the state of North Carolina made it illegal for local municipalities in their state to remove white supremacist traitorous Confederate statues.  Since Saturday, the Republican president, Fox News, and much of the mainstream conservative media has been drawing false equivalencies between the racist right and the anti-racist left.  See the pattern? These are the reasons the white nationalists who rallied around Confederate statues in VA feel at home in the modern right. As long as the mainstream conservatives keep carrying their water and providing cover, the white nationalists will feel at home in the Republican party.
The left want's racial violence so they can impose martial law, once they have martial law they will double the number of 3rd world immigrants coming in as they are trying to ethnically cleanse the white race.
And if you're going to go the 'statistically speaking' side of the argument, you should know that statistically, people tend to commit crimes against people that are demographically similar to them. So while yes, since Portland is a majority white city, it lends to the fact that it is more safe for white folks living in majority white neighborhoods, but people of color have their own statistics as far as the likelihood a crime will be committed against them. I'm not saying that people of color are more prone to crime or some ish like that but you aren't taking in the entire picture here for people of color. Using a majority white, relatively crime free population stat to silence the experiences of brown people is a pretty standard way of keeping people of color on the fringes of the reality you and Tyler Hurst live.   Long and short of it, statistically speaking, you were bound to try and deny our experiences as people of color.
Mother of Charlottesville victim, Heather Heyer has a message for Trump:  "You can't wash this one away by shaking my hand and saying I'm sorry."    Ms. Bro says she received “frantic messages” from Trump’s press secretaries during her daughter’s funeral (these sick people!) and later that day; she was willing to speak to Trump at that point but simply missed his calls since she was occupied with burying her child, who was murdered by a Trump-supporting Nazi.   But after seeing a clip of Trump drawing equivalence between her daughter and other counterprotesters and the white supremacist mob, Bro is no longer willing to speak to Trump.   Good for her.
It's not about the anthem, the flag, or the military. It's about protesting white supremacy. --------------------------------------- This was proven beyond a doubt when the Dallas Cowboys, after much discussion between players, coaches, and owners, decided to kneel BEFORE the anthem was played in solidarity for the protest against police brutality toward black people. They stood for the anthem. Got that? They still got booed for kneeling. They got booed for exercising their right to protest white supremacy.
I see no reason to compare this to Black Lives matter. Especially as it seems this was pretty much all only white people are being unruly.
One false flag incident does not indicate a trend. The political situation in the US is so bizarre these days that it is often difficult to determine whether any specific incident of outrage is genuine or not. However, it is clear that we have a growing level of xenophobia in all its forms, from all sides: blacks vs whites, rural vs urban,  black coffee drinkers vs latte sippers, etc. It is not good. Those who fuel it are deplorable.
Those "white people" cleaning hotel rooms in Canada enjoy living wages and universal, single payer health care, something you won't find in the U. S.
Sad story, anticlimactic ending though.  Now when is the SA going to post about the Fresno shooting, killing 3 white males that just occurred by a man that hates whites.  He also yelled, "Allahu Akbar!!!!"  Oh sorry SA won't post that article, the fake news will.
Yep Richard, just like those old racist white guys in the South, that are called by the three letter designation, and believe because of their race they should have the last word on everything that goes on around them.  Funny, but still sad, that in the year 2017 people still hold these racist beliefs.
Thank you Donald Trump for coming along and showing everyone in the world what white American values are. Most of us hold those values in contempt.
"Generational change and inclusion and activism in our multicultural community". Huh? Because he is a Sikh?  He is looking for power plain and simple and is leveraging his multicultural card.  What does this guy even stand for apart from a colourful turban?   Would you be so generous in your assessment of an old white man running for the NDP or would he not check off the feel good boxes for you?
Turkey is more in the German orbit than the American. The physical semblance of modernity visible in their cities can be attributed to that. However many glass towers and smart phone carrying sophisticates there may be doesn't completely mask the underlying collective mentality of unease the population has with Western European civilization. The deep foundations of Muslim faith and the draw of the East  exert a powerful magnetic attraction. The turmoil in the Middle East and the perception that it's all the White Man's fault is also a contributing factor. Expect more developments to that effect in the near to mid term future.
Nobody's business until they run a car into the protestors who are protesting against the white movement. Then it becomes everyone's  business unless you want to live in N Korea.  I got a one way ticket for you.  My cousins in Nanakuli will give you a ride to the airport you phony baloney.
This is an excuse for not paying.   We substitutes are asking for a fair treatment. Probably comes from having a lawyer as a superintendent or governor where the question is always black or white (legal or illegal?)...
I'm pretty sure that directors who are not white fare even worse - let alone non-white women directors! WW is a good start, but Captain Marvel will be a real test - a relatively unknown woman superhero who has struggled to keep a regular comic series going for years. Captain Marvel does not have the built in recognition or the built-in fan base of Wonder Woman. Kevin Feige is on record saying that Captain Marvel will be the most powerful superhero in the MCU, which would be nice.  I think it is unfortunate that the DCEU took away Wonder Woman's long-established ability to fly and I hope it is restored for her next film appearances. Captain Marvel is the full package - incredibly strong, invulnerable, able to fly at ultrasonic speeds, able to project and absorb energy. She could bring women superheroes to a new level.   The next Marvel blockbuster that will be a really interesting cinematic Rorschach test is "The Black Panther." That is a film where almost everyone involved is black.
As it should be. Actually, I'll just call you a racist for posting what you did. Let me guess, next you'll share a meme about how white men are the real victims of discrimination in society because minorities and women have taken all their jobs and social privileges. Give me a break.
"..standing up for our country, our values, our way of life,"... The usual broad claim without defining just what those are and immediately all socialist aspects are rejected.  Professor Haycox held a job longer than you have been on earth in Alaska.  How about you read a book other than the latest White Supremacist/Trump expectorants?
No, but Trump has normalized crudeness and incivility even to the extent that white high school students, for example, taunted Latino students during a basketball game in Indiana,  with comments about building a wall and "speaking English" and holding Trump campaign signs. At a high school, really? That's acceptable? If you think or believe that Trump and his campaign have no responsibility for raising the "legitimacy" of ridiculous conspiracy theories (e.g., claiming Ted Cruz's father was involved in the conspiracy with Lee Harvey Oswald) and biased language ("Mexicans are criminals and rapists") as reasonable acceptable discourse in mainstream society, not relegated to the margins or fringes of society and the internet, then you are either woefully naive or support such a dangerous dark turn in American cultural and civic life.
Seriously dude? Have you ever turned on a TV, read the news, or even looked at news on the internet. There are literally hundreds of videos, tweets, and "other evidence" that support Trump's racist views. Or are you one of the "very fine people" who marched with the white nationalists in Charlottesville?
OK Fiji, a new form pf government was not "promulgated". the US conspired with a group of 13 white supremacist racists to overthrow the democratically elected, highly popular Hawaiian Kingdom because, as the racist rebels' leader explained in his memoirs, Hawaiians, as non-whites, "lacked the intellect and temperament to govern themselves and so need white men to govern over them."  For its support the white supremacist US government was promised Pearl Harbor as a US naval base. The US and the unelected rebel government then attempted a Hawai'i annexation treaty which the US Congress rejected for ratification based primarily on the ku'e petitions in which more than 95% of the citizens of Hawai'i expressed their strong opposition to annexation. Because of this unprecedented love of country by the citizens of Hawai'i the US was NEVER able to legally annex Hawai'i so it lied to everyone and "claimed" that it magically managed to annex Hawai'i when in fact nothing of the sort EVER occur.
It's become worse than Soviet journalism, just lies and distortions, they even have opinion pieces as top stories. The MSM is dying, they won't be the conduit of news that it once was. Just look at the Globe, the site is barely updated over the weekend unless a major story breaks, the front page is almost the same on Monday morning as it was Friday afternoon. The site has months old stories lingering on the front page and they recycle old articles from months ago and put it up with a new headline. Good luck getting subscribers to your fake yellow journalism paper. RT is more entertaining and shows us things that the parasite media won't show us because it shows the very bad side of the globalist agenda. The only thing that gets updated frequently here is anti Trump rants and rants against white people concerned about immigration and their future.
I've been reading the Globe for over 30 years now. I even remember the time in the 1980's when the Globe published a Sunday edition Now, sadly, the paper has turned a sharp turn to the left. I only buy this paper for amusement especially the female journalists who have yet to accept that the working people of American put Donald into the White House. The people at the Globe should have done what they did at the Toronto Star after the election: gone on a 3 day crying jag and get it all out of your system.  And, here is a good idea for a Globe Story: why won't the auto assembly workers at Honda and Toyota here in Ontario  have anything to do with the Unifor union?
yes.. the white Canada we signed up for has gone... what is more important is not the white thing but the values that will also change... I don't feel the current immigrants would have the same propensity to fight for their country... to them its a meal ticket they will not wish to share outside of their own social bloc. .... UK has already become a destroyed culture... I am glad my father and grandfather are both gone as it would have deeply disturbed them to see the state of the country they both fought for.
How on earth do you make a difference between 'neo-nazi views and 'holding neo-nazi views'.  Some tattoos can be attractive, some are offensive; nothing about the white nationalist groups is attractive.  And then you bring in alt-right?  Aren't cons the ones who make fun of polls?  I didn't know it was possible to twist the mind into that shape.
So if we go by our observation of the individual and we find that the majority of those individuals with drug problems, poor work habits, ect...are of the minority population, what then?  Unless that minority population is white, then to bring it up you will be labeled as bias and a racist.
Trump's base, which is largely white and male, knew that they had been on top, when women and "colored" knew their place, gays were in the closet, they had well-paying jobs and God approved of this situation. Now, of course, their supremacy is no more, and they want it back. Trump has promised a return to those good old days.
Stop with the racist babble. Try to contribute something beyond that. who cares if he's white? it's 2017. He can be any race.
Last time I looked more than 50% of the voting population were not men. Further, a far greater percentage are not white men. To my knowledge then, we have no laws in place that favour white men over anyone else. Nor do we have programs in place that select young men and show them how to become politicians. Am I missing something here? What more are we supposed to do to make us all equal? (Before you start going off about "privilege", I grew up very poor and on the outside of any privilege and still managed just fine thank you.)
Good point.  I wonder why Hillary Clinton's nomination of a white Catholic VP did not make it any  more likely for white Catholics to vote for her. Obviously, it has something to do with the white male Catholic vote, but it's still a puzzle since Kaine is a white male Catholic.
It is no assumption he is a white male.  Nothing has been reported about his religion except what IS wants everyone to believe.
There is no such thing as a "good socialist president". Socialism is softball Communism, economic suicide, hateful, and only comes into effect with government force behind it. Which means a gun. Socialism only "works" at gunpoint. Kinda like robbery.  If the fact that no country has ever been able to make a long-term go of socialism isn't enough to convince you, here's a primer on the matter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgdtHewGR0  Here's an article explaining the new candidates for the position of the Democratic National Committee Chair. Note the screaming racism against white people. http://www.dailywire.com/news/12736/dnc-chair-candidates-cant-stop-bashing-white-ben-shapiro  That's what these people are. That's what they do.
Mr. Doyle.  As suggested by the headline of your article, I guess you got the show's premise right.  The show is written with those characteristics.  It's on purpose.  This is not just a fluke.  As if Reitman started writing about the stories of penguins from the Antarctica but inadvertently ended up writing about white middle class working Moms.  Most of the main stream media shows ARE about entitlement and privilege.  But this time is a kick ass unapologetic woman.  And THAT is most likely the real issue that you have with the series.  Is clear as day.
Be careful, Richard: By "tolerate," what does he mean?  There's a difference between "tolerate" and "condone/support." No one except white supremacists condone or celebrate what they do-- I would bet that you "tolerate" extremists of every persuasion to the extent that you don't go out of your way to violently attack or persecute them.  His mentality is that of Antifa: unless you are out physically assaulting anyone you subjectively perceive to be an extremist, you are somehow guilty of "tolerating" them, which he tries to mean, "support."  That is evil and wrong, which is absolutely why Antifa is the same as a white supremacy group that uses violence. . https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/yes-antifa-is-the-moral-equivalent-of-neo-nazis/2017/08/30/9a13b2f6-8d00-11e7-91d5-ab4e4bb76a3a_story.html?utm_term=.bda952c7c257#comments
The Irish stopped being discriminated against when they became white instead of Irish immigrants. The easiest way to become white is to learn to fear and hate black people. Native Americans, Asians, and Latinos will do in a pinch. This country was founded as a white racist nation. The proof is in the original Constitution. We have been working on becoming "a more perfect union" ever since. The best thing about Trump is that he made it impossible to deny to role of white racism in our society. It has been there from the beginning of the nation. The southern colonies would never have joined the revolution if race based slavery was not protected.
Ever wonder why the police kill unarmed African Americans at traffic stops?  I have never been approached for a traffic violation by a cop who pointed a gun at me.  Ever wonder why a 12 year old was shot within second after being seen playing with a toy gun?  The list goes on and on of African Americans shot in the back by the police.  It's either racism or the cops are tempermentally unfit, overweight, under-trained white sissies.  The Nashville shooting was all over the media.  Name all the other white people shot by police.
Many years ago I worked for Sanchez. He had a habit of dropping by his employees homes completely unannounced, as I learned very early one morning, to "see how they live."  Sanchez had this theory that if you were kept a neat home you'd be a good employee.  He also insisted his waitresses wear white short shorts and form fitting red tops.  He had a hard working young lady fired because because she didn't live up to his standards of how his "girls" should look.  Then there was his wife...  To say that Sanchez had boundary issues is a vast understatement. There'll be no kudos for Sanchez from me.
Excellent essay!  Followed by the usual trolls regurgitating anti-Clinton diatribes despite the fact Clinton's name isn't even in the essay.   Added with the usual racist, immigrant-bashing effluent spewing from the brains of the "right" defenders of all that is white and pure in Amerika.
Lazeelink,  The GOP cut off Warren's short reading of Coretta King's letter. The letter pointed out that Jeff Sessions has a long history of treating blacks more than poorly. Sessions is also adept at voter suppression measures - suppressing the votes of minorities of course. Voter suppression is something that the White House and, indeed, many current GOP state governors want to use in the coming years.
Hug a neo-confederate, a white supremacist, Steve Bannon, Donald Trump ... so many here need your hug!
The policy of DOJ, when I was practicing, was that prosecutors were required to charge the highest offense the evidence would bear, and to accept a plea to a lesser charge for only compelling reasons.  This was under the "Thornburg Memo," which was crafted precisely to reduce prosecutorial discretion.  Thornburg was white.  And you're all wet.  In my 20 years as a fed, I never knew a racist federal prosecutor.  And don;t tell me I don't know the difference between a racist prosecutor and one who isn't, because what I just said of feds I cannot say of all the state prosecutors I knew.
This article and journalist is so one sided and angry that her arguments get distorted in the bitter bias of her text.  She hates Trump, she is very left and if you dont agree 100% with her, your either anti-woman or deranged.  Unfortunately it seems that "Ranting" gets you published.  Fortunately you actually dont get heard and you dont sway the silent majority to your views.  I just hope that Trudeau is careful not to import divisiveness from the US.  He seems to be making a lot of arguments regarding his small business tax changes that amount to trying to stir up class warfare or promoting woman's rights by suggesting that white men in power are defacto unjust and the enemy.  I believe in general, Canadians will not welcome that approach.  We are not perfect but we like getting along and know we have a good thing. Division for the sake of popularity is not positive.
The neo-nazis and white supremacists were not in compliance with their permit.
Wow. Up is down, black is white and a certain set of people seem to have gone right through Lewis Carroll's looking glass.  How on earth do these Alice in Wonderland types function in society?  ...probably through the social security that their own preferred politicians would love to take away from them.
More true conservatives like Senators McCain, Murowsky and Collins are standing up to the caustic right wing culture that has made it ok to be vile at the highest level of our nation.  When more true conservative columnists and organizations join, like the Boy Scouts of America, local police commissioners pushing back on White House calls for police brutality, the most vile will be pushed back under the rocks they emerged from, including the cops in the audience that cheered the White House's endorsed police behaviors.
How again is 'Alt-Right' "White Nationals?".....you and the Leftist media really didn't learn anything from this election, did you.  Please- keep calling everyone and everything you disagree with as being "racist."  It will only make it easier I 2020.
We white men are *so* persecuted!   Right?
Wow, they sure have made a great big mess, the group called Black Lives Matter, Toronto Chapter.  Are they as useless as they seem?  Have they ever done anything besides, I dunno, laying down on the street to mess up a Pride Parade, or having their executives take shocking amounts of money from mandatory-membership university student unions or talking about killing white people?  Some recent headlines:  "Black Lives Matter Toronto co-founder under fire for controversial tweet" - "Plz Allah give me strength to not cuss/kill these men and white folks out here today. "  "Black Lives Matter member sued for severance deal" - "... member of Black Lives Matter Toronto is being sued after leaving her job with UofT’s student union with a $277,508 severance deal " "I’m not going to comment on your story." “This is a private interest. My life is a private matter. You’re wasting my time.”
Too bad you only think with tunnel vision, not the overall pattern of division led by your hero Trump from the early days of his campaign up to now.   Where is your head? Better yet, where are your eyes and ears; haven't you paid attention to Trump's speeches and tweets for the past couple of years, stirring anger, and fear of groups of people (those not white)?   Trump's pattern of politicizing and exploiting tragedies to pump up his cult, and to deflect from investigations of Russian interference in our elections is anti-American. Why wouldn't a president care about foreign interference in the integrity of our electoral process?
But there is a history of white slavery, even though its rarely talked about.
I'm curious Geoff - if you choose to rethink your support of the DA, who would you vote for instead? Or would you simply not vote (the virtual equivalent of voting for the ANC)?  And Zille may not be a racist, but she is becoming a serious liability to a party trying to set itself up as a credible alternative to the ANC - I mean every single time the DA starts making headway, she mouths off on Twitter and reaffirms the popular perception that the DA is a 'white' party with racist attitudes.  Regardless of whether colonialism had benefits or not, it was an utterly stupid thing to say, as it feeds the perception that the DA has little care or understanding of the feelings of the majority of this nation's people.  As a DA supporter myself, I think it's past time that we thanked her for her contributions to the party and pensioned her off, so she can stop doing unintentional damage to the only party that can get us out of our current mess. To do so, the DA needs to be beyond reproach.
Bill:  July 2, 1964, the date of Johnson signing the Civil Rights Act was the day white racism was SUPPOSED to cease impacting public policy.  Now be honest here, do you really feel over the ensuing 53 years white racism has NOT impacted public policy at both the national, state and local levels?  Gary Crum
Tim Osman, racism is power + discrimination. You cannot say that an oppressed people is being racist by trying to get special rights towards self determination for "our community i.e. The Lahui". This is for kanaka maoli affairs and affects you in no way. Show me one "Hawaiian national" who is not of Hawaiian blood that lost anything as a result of the over throw. This is a step in addressing problems and other ignored issues that plague the Hawaiian community.   Is it not fact that we, the Hawaiian Kingdom were taken over by radical racist white businessmen? Should we ignore the psychological warfare imposed on our people?   I think it's racist of you to think kanaka maoli should not advocate to have a path to make things right for the wrongs don't to us. The pain, abuse and damage done to my (our) people continues to be felt many generations later. It will continue to persist for many more generations if not addressed. This is a kanaka maoli issue. Racism is a western construct.
Not sure what "all about drama" means.  Maybe you can elaborate?  Most "sides" are big on tolerance until you disagree with them.  Not sure how that differs for the LGBT crowd.  And, I have to give them some latitude since I'm a white heterosexual male.  I have no clue what it's like to live that lifestyle and deal with the reactions they might get.  I suspect some of it can be pretty ugly.
. . . The only logical outgrowth, and logically expected or unwanted consequence of hate speech aimed at exclusion, removal, or subordination of individuals based on their race or national origin is that it may happen.  That is clearly inconsistent with and violative of the constiution, as well as Federal and most State and local laws.  It is no different than speech calling for the murder of another in that respect.  There is no legitimate or legal argument to support the idea of White Supremacy in American law.  If the result being advocated is unobjectvely, indisputably wrong, then the advocacy of something unobjectively, indisputably wrong should also be made wrong.  I'm sure the ACLU would be supportive of that concept, and relieved if it came to fruition.  I respect the ACLU for being true to its stated mission, based on the current state of the law.   It takes courage, principle, and integrity to do that.  But, I don't think ACLU lawyers agreed with the ideas in any way.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim Alceste? ... To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. .
Actually, I think that many leftists do think that the government sanctioned mass murder of their political opposition is perfectly acceptable. They are rabid ideologists above all else, and inherently believe they know what is best for you. Literally all genocide in the past century has been committed by socialists and communists... be they European, African, Latino, Asian.
Yah, sorry. It's not about laws and the Constitution blah blah... it never was for Trump supporters. You said it yourself. It's about VALUES and keeping those out that don't conform to your white Judeo Christian desire.
White people's reaction to Omar Khadr's compensation for being tortured with the help of Canadian officials is one of panic and loss. To them the idea that a non-white-- a dissident, no less-- would be compensated for wrongs against him signifies a loss of privilege for white people. The only thing worse that could happen to them is to have the government discourage police terrorism against non-white Canadians by jailing criminal officers for crimes they commit against non-whites. That would be taking away the foundation of Canadian white supremacy, and all the privileges and advantages whites have over non-whites would soon vanish without the violence and intimidation police inflict on non-whites.
White supremacists channel on YouTube?
Do you ask the same question about "white supremacists", "male supremacists", etc? Probably not.   Because the Left has no problem deeming some values as having no acceptable place in our society, and condemns them without a concern for the "deep causes" of the alienation that provokes in some people.  But if people feel alienated because western society doesn't accept islamic values of women's modesty, centering one's life around praying five times a day, etc., it is western society's fault?
Most mass shooters were white by far. All were men. All were mentally unstable, had been bullied, or felt unjustly wronged. Most felt that they were at the end of their rope somehow. Several mass shooters attributes their violence to far fetched reasons--conspiracy theory stuff, but were mentally unstable and had failures in life. This massacre was, I feel, more from a mentally unstable, confused man who chose this ISIS cause as his reason when it's more likely he was at the end of his rope for other reasons (conflicted about his sexuality, failed marriages, powerless, had history of mental instability). Banning Muslims is not only against our constitution and values but is inflammatory and misses the point. Mental health and FBI background checks on weapon purchases and banns on semi-automatic rifles are more reasonable.
Corker and Flake are among the few true conservatives standing up for conservative values against Trump— limited government, free markets, free trade, etc. They will be replaced with either populists like Trump (basically) or Bernie Sanders, white nationalists like Bannon and Miller, or moderates trying to find something they can vole on even if it includes Democrats..
No, before Wade Page murdered 6 and wounded 4 Sikhs, he was peacefully living as a skinhead white supremacist who told a friend there was going to be "impending racial holy war"  Dylan Roof sat through bible study before murdering 9 of the black people in that church because of his own racist hatred - to start a race war. Substitute "jihad" for "race war" and it doesn't change the act.  Those murderers aren't better because they didn't yell a vague religious slogan.  McVeigh killed over 160 people for working in a building because he had a grudge against "the government".  A couple where I was working at the time lost an infant in the rubble there.  He didn't yell anything religious. Does that improve things?  No. Mass murderers have gotten addled somehow, gotten weapons, and then grab for a justification. Don't blame what an addled person blames for their behavior. You trying to blame "Islam" is the same as trying to blame "White".
Nearly all the racism talk these days tends to focus on whites, and yet there are billions of people in the world who are not white, who exhibit the same patterns of behaviour as Wente talks about. The Asian nations has its so -called pecking order of supremacy, as does the black culture, as does India which is a whole case study in itself . In the Middle East it's part culture , part tribe , part religion , that produces racial bias. Western Europe always had a bias towards eastern Europe, even though the skin colour was mostly the same . Lighter skinned Italians from northern Italy, have always classed the southern darker skinned Italians as being inferior to them. You could go at this topic forever and discover that whites don't hold a lock on racism in the world.
There are many things that are cause for concern in Trump’s speech to the United Nations General Assembly. But it is important to keep in mind that it was primarily written by white nationalist Stephen Miller, who included major dog whistles to white supremacists.
Hi Gary Frohnmayer's use of 'oriental" rather than Asian was unintelligent but probably so the way he was pilloried for it. I don't know the context. I guess he never read Edward Saïd--his loss. I mostly cringe at millennials' rhetoric about speech but sometimes they have a point.  You posed a question above that in my opinion should be reversed: when does what some call just a "silly PC issue" become a "legitimate concern"? I would say it comes down to what historically exploited and attacked groups might call "fighting words"--attack words that are rightfully considered a pretext to assault.  Were I Black and a white person addressed me as nigger, there would likely be blows. Likewise, verbal harassment of a sexual nature directed towards me because I am a woman could result in a physical altercation, depending on the words andcircumstances.  PC is an American phenomenon and reflects the shallow and parochial nature of its discourse. We Europeans have a very hard time relating to it.
"Alt -right? That's a made up term" For once you are right.  The white nationalist fascists made it up themselves.  The term goes back over a decade.  Bitebart brought it into the broader lexicon.  You drink too much coffee.
80% of Google’s programmers are men.  Of them about 80% are white. Google has let it be known that 65% of its work force is not particularly valuable, individually or collectively, to the success of the company. The millions of hours of overtime they put in every year are irrelevant and the company would like to replace them at the earliest convenience with candidates who  are demographically  more favourable.
Here's my point Ransom: "The black-man-as-criminal stereotype runs deep.  The archetype is so prevalent that the majority of whites and African Americans agreed with the statement “blacks are aggressive or violent” in a national survey.  In support of these findings, other research indicates that the public generally associates violent street crime with African Americans. Other nationwide research has shown that the public perceives that blacks are involved in a greater percentage of violent crime than official statistics indicate they actually are."
wmc puppets have always been ignoring corruption cases of white people and indirectly encourage White Monopoly Capital.
Gee, Ekk - many of my (and my wife's) ancestors were loaded on the "coffin ships" in Ireland, and sent across the Atlantic. One of my grandfathers committed petty theft in England in the early 1900s (his mother and baby brother were starving) - he was 13. He was caught, put on a ship and sent to Canada - alone.  None of those people were looking to come to Canada, and abuse the natives. They weren't even refugees - they were simply loaded like low-value cargo, deported and dumped.  So peddle your "white privilege" nonsense somewhere else...
I guess I missed the point. He didn't make payments, they foreclosed... Why is this a race story? It's happened to lots of whites over the years.
The jury composition is and of itself valid argument for prohibiting peremptory challenges.  Attorneys can stack the deck however they want (from the available pool) without having to admit they were deliberately excluding black jurors.  White supremacy is by no means a 'thing of the past' in NC.  I lived there.  The fact there is even any question in this case despite direct visible evidence further substantiates my assessment.  And yes, I am aware that at least ten of the jurors willing to convict that cop for being videotaped committing murder and tampering with evidence are 'white'.
Please - try some education and nuance.  You may believe that life begins at conception but most catholics, using reason and current medical science, see a development before we pronounce *life*.  Guess what, even the Church held that position for centuries and most significant denominations and religions do not have such a black and white life at conception cut off e.g. Protestants, Jews, Eastern Orthodox, etc.  Compare slavery and abortion - really - guess you know from experience about which is worse?
What the....?   The Church needs Mexican immigrants...because white parishioners have issues with sexual ethics?    Did he  really write that?      Oh, how I look forward to reading every msw column!
No, I have not read Breitbart, but if the content involves issues with illegal immigration, abortion,  proper vetting of new immigrants, gender nonsense or other anti-liberal causes, it would still not matter.  Prove with evidence that he is a White Supremacist, otherwise  it all just white noise.  Explain the above comment from Anderson Cooper if you can.
After only five months in office, Trump is under investigation for obstruction of justice and how his campaign coordinated with the Russians to win the election, Lies an average of 4-5 times a day, Doesn’t know the basics about how our government works, Isn't interested in learning anything about how our government works, Is obviously mentally unfit to be president, Adheres to no real ideology other than sexism, racism and xenophobia, Attacks anyone who attempts to hold him accountable, Is constantly under suspicion because he won’t release his tax returns or divest himself of business holdings, Has the self-control of a two year-old, Vacillates between being a laughing stock and an opponent to our allies abroad, Has an obvious preference for brutal autocrats, Has assembled a staff full of white nationalists and those whose history has been spent undermining the very mission of the agencies they are running.
Aw, poor snowflakes. They want to watch black athletes but don't want to be reminded of BLM?   The poor snowflakes. White fragility is a heck of a thing.
Mr. Trump's popularity certainly isn't helping move this bill along...is it..?? Why are there only white men on the committee.?? Maybe the fascist Oligarchs really do want to take away our health care...!!
No it doesn't.  Just because publications like the Huffington Post and Mother Jones paint him as a White Nationalist Racist doesn't mean it is so.  Yes he is white, so are a majority of Americans and there isn't much that he can do about it.  Yes he is a Nationalist. He is proud of that as all Americans should be. Does the combinination make all white Americans who love their country racists?  According to he left it does when it engages in the politics of personal destruction.   The left despise him because he wants orderly immigration policy. To the left, anyone who isn't for open borders is a racist.  He is against unchecked immigration from countries that do not share or understand our democratic values.  This is why he is a racist?  Ask the Swedish rape victims what they think of mixing Western Democratic Principles with Sharia teachings.   Your post is pretty much BS.  Smear the opponent so you do not need to defend your positions. That is the way it really works.
It's good to see Christy wipe the floor with the stale old socialists. Christy is just toying with the angry old white men and their communist agendas.
So okay.  Houston we have a problem.  This silly rag splashed across the web pages COPS KILLED BY SNIPER.  My heart broke over that.  NO ONE should be murdered.  Then I realized this RAG had nary a mention of the Black man shot and killed in his car when getting ID that had been requested.  Oh yeah..there was a 4 year old in the back. Oh yeah, the girlfriend/mother in the car live streamed the murder of this man, this civilian.    Strange fruit hanging from a Poplar tree.  This is not stopping here.  There is a revolution coming.  There is trouble brewing in our nation.  My brother took me and my sister (he told us to stay down in the back of the car) to the Watts area and I remember it burning.  I stand w/the African Americans.  So in Atlanta, a black man was found hanging from a tree.  The coroner declared it was suicide.    70% of cop killers are white.  Ponder that.  http://www.cnet.com/news/after-dallas-shootings-former-congressman-threatens-war-against-obama-on-twitter/  l2g
The summit of Mauna Kea is an ancestral burial ground of significant cultural importance. It isn't owned by the State. If the Native Hawaiians don't want TMT on Mauna Kea, it shouldn't be white supremacy forced on them. This was a sublease appeal. It will be appealed to the Hawaiian State Supreme Court, and the court has said they are ready to accept the appeal. The DLNR Mission Statement: "Enhance, protect, conserve and manage Hawaii’s unique and limited natural, cultural and historic resources HELD IN PUBLIC TRUST for current and future generations of the people of Hawaii nei, and its visitors, in partnership with others from the public and private sectors". The DLNR states they are only trustees and the appeal to the state supreme court can cite DLNR malfeasance, a violation of the trust, then go down the list. The promise to decommission and remove 3 observatories was long before TMT and that hasn't been honored. There is the asbestos issue in the two decommissioned observatories.
We are broke; therefore, until the next Prudhoe Bay discovery we should have black letters on a white background to remind us.
Again, from table 3:  White Murder Offenders: 4,636 Black Murder Offenders: 5,620  Why are you having such a hard time accepting the truth?
Trump hardly embraced the support of white nationalists.  Unless you consider his denunciation of them as embracing.    Public lands occupiers?  You're referring to the Bundy bunch?  What were there, two, three dozen of them?  As usual, small groups and a few individuals are held up as examples of the violence inherent in the Trump side of the fence.  While thousands of violent anti-Trump protesters across the country are dismissed as a fringe element.
I know why Trudeau kept none of his election promises re: aboriginals. He made the promises to out-NDP the NDP and get votes from gullible virtue-signalling university "educated" leftist WHITE people and never intended to keep them in the first place. That's why. And it worked.
If supporting a president who promotes White supremacy and sexual assault is "class" I'm wondering who raised you, and with what values?
Is there any difference between hatred based on centuries of abuse, dehumanisation/daily indignities, discrimination and one based solely on skin colour?  Is it reasonable for blacks in South Africa to hate whites?  Is it rational for blacks  who lived under slavery and jim crow to have hatred of whites? Do you think when white men hung black men in the south for fun, it is rationale for the latter to hate.  Do you think when whites accuse black men of rape, kidnapping murdering their family(Susan Smith, Sue Artman, Charles Stuart, etc,. then turns out they murdered their children; lied about rape) that hatred of whites is rationale?  Do you think it reasonable for FN to hate whites/clergy?  These people have every reason to hate because of what was/continues to be done to them BUT THEY DONT; they quickly and willingly forgive.  Yet when they speak up for their rights, people like you label them racists? BLM message is BLM TOO, not just yours...and good for them for saying enough!
You have a hard time seeing oriental women with white men? You keep posting about it.
' …shawn, see that photo attached to Greg's comment?  The picture is of a guy wrapped in the Confederate flag.   . He's not interested in reasoned debate.  His only interest is spreading lies, half-truths and revisionists history.  He came here, same as all of the others who don't live here,   ...who showed up on the ADN comment board,  ...in an attempt to dominate and intimidate people who don't share their revisionist unreality.  . Some are regulars on white nationalist and/or white supremacy web sites, some promote hate and bigotry on sites they host.  If you visit those sites, you'll see the same avatars and the same pictures and the same names.  They don't live here.  They saw an opportunity to inject their brand of hate and bigotry into our neighborhood.  Most of them have packed up and moved along to promote their 'cause' in some other neighborhood, at some other window of opportunity that was afforded them.    .
If you carried a torch with those Nazis, if you marched alongside them as they chanted "Jews will not replace us" and "blood and soil" you are not a "very fine person."     You are, at best, a Nazi sympathizer.    At worst, you are a Nazi.    If you stood and chanted with men and women who wore hoods emblazoned with confederate flags you are a KKK sympathizer.     If you stand up for these people's good intentions and walk in solidarity with their "defense of cultural heritage" you are at least a fellow traveler in white supremacy, more likely a white supremacist yourself.     Nobody marching with that crowd is a decent person, nobody.    And they all had a bloody hand on that steering wheel, as did Trump and his entire group of supporters, every one.
White, Japanese,Korean,Samoan,Popolo,Hawaiian,Chinese,Filipino, and a lot more race.
Marco, I have no problem with DM printing this sort of racist and divisive rhetoric. Sure it is an ideology that the writer believes in (yeah right - he probably believes in tenderpreneurship and cash in the brown envelope). But if DM wants to perpetuate the idea that the DA is a party of "white bosses and black stooges" and give credence to all the other blatantly racist utterances, this, I believe, falls under the heading of fake news and so shall DM be judged.
If white folks want to show people-of-color that they oppose racism, they need to realize that being in the ranks of anti-racist activists involves negotiating 200+ years of white privilege and racial insularity.  White folk can't expect these negotiations to be stress free and easy, or expect to somehow become icons of struggle just for showing up in that white skin.   Want  to leave no doubt about where you stand? Put your body on the line in a place where white power is normal and natural. Blood, bruises and arrest do a lot to assuage suspicion and ease the habit of insularity. I suspect that the AntiFa--I loathe the idea that anti-fascism is a fringe thing and not just a normal everyday American attitude--see themselves as doing exactly this.  They assume that fascists have the upper hand anywhere the state allows them to mass and demonstrate. And, to be frank, they're not exactly wrong, as Heather Heyer's death makes abundantly clear.
So the Globe & Mail is in favour of equality of outcome? We'll need not only 51% female photos, but ~5% gay photos, ~0.3% trans photos, and goodness knows how to divide them all up by religion or lack of faith, political leanings and handedness! Ultimately, like all identity politics, you realise we can be divided up in so many ways only the individual counts, and the only reason for this or that individual to have his or her photo in the paper is that something newsworthy happened to him or her. That seems to be the way things used to work, and probably is the way they ought to continue to work. I don't want my photo in your paper as a filler simply because you need a leukemic middle-aged white straight male with blue eyes and grey hair etc etc. Silly, isn't it?
I have to say, I'm starting to enjoy reading the attacks on Trump.  Endless innuendo and beating around the bush, without really coming out and saying anything specific. PC to a T.  The opposite of Trump and the opposite of what attracts people to Trump.  The harder the MSM beat the drum of "Trump is the (white) devil" the more people can see through the MSM misinformation.  I don't really like the guy (or any other politician), but it is fun to watch the MSM get their panties in a bunch.  The MSM has lot control of the flow of information in society, and it is a beautiful thing.
LOL you are off your rocker or off your meds.  I thought you were all about 'protecting those who were falsely accused of crimes'.  Usually you have to have actual proof to be guilty and this falls far far short of 'proven guilt'  Lets say we reversed a few facts in the story.  It was a black man and a black woman involved or a black man and a black man.  Or maybe just a anyone not as despised as a 'rich white girl' with a lawyer for a daddy.    As I have said repeatedly its possible that she is in the wrong but I would like to see some REAL proof not lynch mob NONSENSE. You have bought one possible story and are defending it without facts against other stories that could just as easily be accurate.
>>Duke Charles Martel >>Are you a muslim  . Alceste? .....  To that question, Alceste has a canned answer - "Are you a White Supremacist?".. or "At least I am not a White Supremacist?" Either way - it is pretty telling how he feels about himself. And what does he equates being Muslim with. .. Now, to the apprentice who would be given the task of "censoring" this post - read twice.. Just because there are some words in it that may scare you into censorship, there is nothing offensive, or false in it, it is based on actual posts ( go search your database).
The NFL is entertainment. People watch to cheer on their teams' players when they risk body and mind to make millions. Not, to watch he minuscule amount of irrelevant players claim the US flag is a symbol of racism, white superiority and the ethic cleansing of black by police. It's no longer enjoyable to relax and cheer for. So absurd..
It looked like these people were racists. The poor little white girl.
The rally was organized by white supremacists to demonstrate against the removal of a statue which was erected as a symbol of the "old south" and the pre-Civil War culture. ......a culture economically and socially built on slavery.  The organizers of the event were openly avowed racists....and proud of it.  There may have been, as Trump said, "some good people there" but I really have little respect for folks who support racism and, let's face it, that was the clear message of the protest.  Gary Crum
True, but whites will continue to be the focus until they're no longer top dog, then it'll be that group.
Somebody on this board wrote that the fact that Saskatchewan has the worst scores in Canada, doing so badly that the province sits below OECD average scores...  ... is all about the fact that Saskatchewan has the highest proportion of Native/Aboriginal folks of any province, and the mechanism of poor scores for them is "a direct result of poverty, lack of teacher role-models, and racism."  Really?  So the failure rates of Native/Aboriginal folks in science is all the fault of OTHER people, is it, it's the racism against them by white folks and it's the failure of Ottawa to fix their poverty rates and it's the failure of the schools to hire more Native/Aboriginal teachers.  Wow.  Got any scientific studies to reference in support of that proclamation, you know, studies that prove that none of this has anything to do with Native/Aboriginal tribal leaders or Native/Aboriginal cultural traditions  or Native/Aboriginal family dynamics or genetics?
These are targeted attacks against LEO's? Re "a lot of incidents, particularly against nonwhites, were quietly swept under the carpet and went unreported."
But for a proper cultural revolution, surely we need a Gang of Four. Certainly, Trudeau 2.0, Wynne and now More Dough Morneau qualify for membership but who shall be the fourth member of this elite group? Without a fourth member, we may have to stop the new Trudeau revolution against the producing classes, capitalism and success, white males, old stock Canadians, all who believe that Canadians have a proud heritage and common values and stand for something, and other enemies of the new Liberal proletariat. Given that the original Gang of Four all received life sentences in the slammer, I rather hope that our Boy Blunder finds that essential fourth member for his gang.
Saw an interesting comment on another board today. "So blacks who were never slaves are decrying whites who were never nazis over statues installed by democrats many years ago". Time to take a chill pill
Being blind to another person's physical characteristics and being indifferent to them are quite different things. One of those oddities about white people is that they have many variants of hair and eye colour. I may well note that this white person has red hair and that white person has green eyes without commenting on those things, just because they're not important. In the same way, I may note that other people I associate with appear to be of other races without commenting on it, not because I don't notice, but because it's unimportant.  I think literal colour blindness is impossible, without literal blindness; I have no doubt that your son noticed that his room mates and professors were rather dark of complexion, but I expect he just didn't think it worthy of comment.
Her Crime was covering up the 'facts': washed the car, cleaned up, etc. , and this is an Obama "Dreamer"! (DACA). Her reaction to eventually realizing the tragedy was an insight into her character-instead of calling the Police and reporting it, she attempted to cover it up, hoping no one would notice. Can you imagine if I, as a white man, were to drive into a pile of leaves and unbeknowest to me, killed two little Hispanic girls? ..."CRUCIFY HIM"!  Because we now have Officials, Judges, and other authorities who are mad that Trump Won, and are now, giving "pay Back"- by using"kid gloves" on anyone who is gay, black, or Hispanic.
Attacking Hillary IS attacking white supremacy. Or were you asleep when she assisted the OAS coup?
Maybe you should cite that "Harvard professor" and his "latest study". It seems ironic given your resentment of "white college educated liberals", you would put any credence in one, assuming this person exists in the first place!
Yeah, John Jamison is right. Americans should elect the guy who owns pageants so he can ogle and sexually molest young women and girls. That would really sum up what (white) America is and what it represents.  Go for it.
Last year my wife and I attended the pride parade. BLM had a booth set up and were selling Tee shirts to raise money. My wife being the bleeding heart liberal she is decided she wanted to purchase a tee shirt to help them with their cause. Well, when she went to pay she was told that she was white and therefor couldn't purchase a tee shirt because they were for black people only! Can you all imagine that? We mentioned this to some reporters who were there but of course being MSM they wanted absolutely noting to do with the truth and just shooed us away.  BLM practices racial discrimination, the very thing they are supposedly fighting for to get rid of in society. Strange how THEY are never charged with hate speech, or any other crime.
I addressed your entire comment, but, apparently your private school exclusive education didn't include reading comprehension.  YOU got a free education thanks to your rich parents.  You appararently feel you have been left out of something because of your race.  Scholarhips are given out in large part based on need.  Since your family was rich, that is the reason you didn't qualify.  Other scholarships were available based on merit, but 3.9 doesn't stack up to black, brown, or white with 4.0.  I doubt whether you had any "close minority friends" with your racist attitude.  All of this sounds too much like a regurgitated tale from some racist, right-wing website repeated too often ever since Affirmative Action became legal.  I question the veracity of any of these claims in relation to your personal experience.
Well, between this white guy and the Vegas white guy, the death toll (which is considerably less than the overall casualty rate is 85.  That's your 'culture' bro.
Whites had no problem displacing Native Americans in their OWN country, did they?
There was a letter after Charlottesville, about Colorado resort cancelled reservation by a  group attached to White Supremacist, so what's the difference from refusing to bake a cake and refusing to provide rooms? However one is a protected class and the other opposes the establishment of selective classes being protected. Who are the snowflakes here?
Seattle Times says it is going to Atlanta. Vancouver is just a branch plant for H1B visa computer slaves, waiting "overseas" for approval to the big city of Seattle while being subsidized 30 percent on wages by the BC Liberals. Amazon is all about concessions, allowances, rebates, and tax exclusions. Meanwhile, has anyone read the "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace" piece in the New York Times? [ Subhead: The company is conducting an experiment in how far it can push white-collar workers to get them to achieve its ever-expanding ambitions.] By Jodi Kantor and David Streitfeld Aug. 15, 2015.   With Stephen Quinn's long service as the CBC City Hall reporter, he should be taking a P.R. position there soon. Yes?  It is difficult to navigate the 'new' , 'not-improved' Globe layout.
Says a white, Christian man.  Women find them VERY relatable.
........... after the Department of Indian Affairs run by "old stock" white immigrants told them they had to build there
The Crimean Tarters kidnapped Ukrainian and Russians and sold them on the slave markets in the Middle East. The Turks kidnapped Christian boys who were brought up from the age of 7 to serve in the Janissaries (infantry units). The slave trade is the reason why there are so many blond and blue eyed people in the Middle East.   Worse still, slavery continues in the Middle East to today’s date – although it no longer involves white children.  Type into Google the words “slavery Saudi Arabia” or another country and read what appears.  The Muslim countries have never apologized for the white slave trade. No compensation has ever been offered to the descendants of the victims.  No monument exists on the sites of the slave markets to commemorate the victims.    4. On 3 occasions, Muslims nearly conquered Europe. Twice the Turks reached the gates of Vienna.  Muammar Gaddafi, when he was Libyan leader, predicted that Muslims would conquer Europe through numbers and their birth rate.
In 2015, 94 were unarmed. . You would expect more white to be killed than blacks, given that black people make up only 11% of US population. . You don't know what you are talking about. .
Cool. Whites are the largest demographic of hate crime victims per capita. Show us the special programs.
In the olden days girls were instructed to wear white blouses, and boys white dress shirts with neckties for graduation portraits. We looked smart.   For an expensive yearbook, I prefer formality over clothes you'd wear to play in the backyard.
It's getting harder to sit on the sidelines and just try to view sports without the anti American, anti western and yes anti white male culture thrown in your face anymore. Am I a racist? No. I marched for civil rights in the 60s too. But today the fires of the culture war presented by the media including ESPN have divided us more. I'm talking about more than ideology too. When I turn to a sports show that features former atheletes exhibiting a keen African American flavor, speaking ebonics and jiving around, I don't relate to it. It turns me off. I don't think I'm alone. I'm not a white supremist but does that mean rejecting black supremacy is wrong. I'm proud of my roots too. But why not just leave the culture war out of sports?
There's no socialist equivalent for the Democrats to the white nationalists who are part and parcel of the GOP.   Bro' with all due respect, you probably wouldn't know a socialist if he/she sat on your lap and called you papa.
Yeah, and I bet you believe Jesus is white.  Solomon, "black but comely" is also white and let's not forget Elizabeth Taylor as portraying the black queen Cleopatra.  No, kids get the impression that the great race is the white race.  You remember Tarzan don't you?
B. Carfree, I am with you 100%.  It just keeps getting worse day by day here with these types.   To LENIENT.   I just read in the RG that Eugene continues to be a popular choice and destination point  for people moving  IN  from out of state.   Its certainly not because of family wage job opportunities.   Why, because Eugene is well known all over the country for its FREEBIES, Food Stamps, all types of WELFARE, very young white  women and women  of color get pregnant and its easy to get welfare,  Legal WEED, LIBERAL LAND,  LENIENCY,  the young and old HIPPIES flourish here and its easy to get lost in the crowd.    Stop the Freebies.  READ THE SIGN:   STOP THE FREEBIES & PUT SOME TEETH INTO CONVICTIONS.........You would see a huge decrease in the numbers of  travelers, homeless people, and  people who just cannot seem to fit in, hangin out.   Without the FREEBIES they would move on.
This is a complete, yet typical, distortion by the G&M to further their bias.   Here is what Trump said "You're changing culture and you had people, and I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists because they should be condemned, totally. But you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists, OK? And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly. "  Here is the whole transcript: https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/15/read-the-transcript-of-donald-trumps-jaw-dropping-press-conference.html No wonder people don't trust the MSM.
I very much appreciate the position these Christian ethicists are taking,  in giving reasoned witness against those who promote views contrary to our shared humanity and universal brother and sisterhood.    But let us recognize that the  country those racist others would like to see bears a significant resemblance to the country we have been building all along. They just want to be more overt about it, to more openly operate and celebrate the machinery of White supremacy, for which those statues are merely symbols.    I hope these Christian ethicists next lend their talents to the pressing question of true reparations for past and ongoing harms.  The debt is immense. It is material. And we all have a share. It is a debt that begs attention, if we are to more closely approach the body of Christ. Or so it seems to me.
Hardly! As BLACK Woman myself,  I want all Women of color the same access to have safe modern abortions IF that is their choice! We non White females CAN think for ourselves, you know. Please don't repeat the spiel about "dead fetus= Dead baby. If YOU cared about the latter you would be resisting a 'healthcare system ' that's about to deprive 32 Million people of medical care- what about those BORN children?
These poor creatures were just oppressed by the global white supremacist plot, I tell you!!
BLM is a complete sham. They only care about political points and pointing the finger at whites.   Where is BLM outrage on black on black gang-related crime in the US, which kills a lot more blacks than police officers?
Trump should have been the easiest candidate for the Democrats to beat in 100 years.  As Ms Clinton herself said  - "why am I not 50 points ahead ?".  But she blew it.  It was there for the taking but she blew it.  And now she has written a book which, my all accounts, will nominally accept responsibility but really blame everything and everyone else for her defeat.  It is the hubris of this woman that draws such attention.  She ran a terrible campaign.  She reeked of entitlement and arrogance.  The Democrats base did not come out to support her the way they supported Obama.  And as the first woman candidate for President she lost white female votes by 10% and barely carried white college educated females.  A truly astoundingly bad performance.  And now she is going to tell us why it is everyone else's fault.  That's why people are interested.  It is like watching a car crash.  You know you shouldn't but you do it anyway.
I didn't say anything about the opioid crisis here but I believe we have a much larger problem. ALCOHOL. Many many many more people in Alaska die from alcohol abuse than opioid. The opioid epidemic disaster declaration by the governor is purely to bring in unmarked federal government health care money to be used in anyway the state feels fit so long as a percentage of the money can be traced back to opioid treatment and prevention. Whatever is left goes into the healthcare budget. Do you really think that the people of this state would not cut off the true cure for opioid and whatever drug comes next (school education funds, dividends, Denali Kid Care, drug abuse prevention and such)? Opioid abuse did not become a epidemic until 30 year old white women with back twinges got their greedy doctor to over prescribe them. And Narcan is not a new drug. It's been around since before I started in the ER in the late 1980's. Check the stats alcohol is Alaska's problem. I also drink responsibly.
I'm sure then you have the answer about why whites aren't protesting the killing of whites by other whites.  Right?
If a Professor "sincerely believes" that black people aren't equal to white people, and teaches this to their students, would that be ok? How about if they "persist in teaching" that the Holocaust didn't happen?   In other words, you're making a free speech argument, as if free speech was an absolute. It isn't.   In any event, any hysteria is premature. Universities aren't federal institutions, they are provincial. So it would depend on provincial regulations.
"According to UPenn NGL, Wax's views are abhorrent because "white supremacy and cultural elitism are used to denigrate the poor and sustain and justify the gross wealth inequality that defines American capitalism.""  Denigrating the "culture" she approves of isn't being elitist about the culture they like is it? Leftists are  hypocrites.  "Get married before you have children and strive to stay married for their sake. Get the education you need for gainful employment, work hard, and avoid idleness. Go the extra mile for your employer or client. Be a patriot, ready to serve the country. Be neighborly, civic-minded, and charitable. Avoid coarse language in public. Be respectful of authority. Eschew substance abuse and crime."  Being a lazy, unethical, slothful, uncivil, traitorous, philandering, epithet spewing anarchist, the opposite of most of what she said, is a superior culture? Saying what she said is white supremacy, that's how they see non-whites? Who is the racist here again?
We stole this country fair and square. Get the illegals out so that we can reclaim all the good jobs! Who will be the hotel toilet scrubber? The berry picker? The bloody entrail-cleaner-upper? After deporting the (expletive deleted) Mexicans, can we start work on kicking able-bodied white breeder trailertrash off their welfare subsidies?
One wonders what Justin was smoking when he took a picture of the sign he describes as "White with the business name in large black lettering, the sign...located in front of the building ..."
"Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer said he was disgusted that the white nationalists had come to his town and blamed Trump for inflaming racial prejudices.  “I’m not going to make any bones about it. I place the blame for a lot of what you’re seeing in American today right at the doorstep of the White House and the people around the president,” he said."  Bravo, Mr. Mayor.  This is T Rump's whirlwind.
Those schools began because of missionary churches and our government imposing our white man culture on them.   They didn't ask for it.  And, we still have a rural, urban divide.  And, if you are bringing lower 48 values and understanding of it, you need to revue Alaska's unique history and relations between cultures.  We still have no infrastructure that promotes easy commerce, like in the lower 48, but we still have incurred the obligation to promote the survival of our peoples, urban and rural.
Women have been subject to implicit bias for years (every time someone uses the statement that a man was the best person for the job after being chosen by a group of men).  Whites are a world minority - about 18%. We rarely hear talk about global minorities or why a person who is a majority in one country would choose to go to a different country where they are a minority.  Bigotry is often based on culture. I consider cultures who choose to believe women are inferior and unequal to be a fundamentally bigoted culture. If they put those beliefs above the law and perpetuate those beliefs despite the law within communities they should be accountable. For example, if a place of worship is closed to women for certain events or certain positions, why isn't the law finding gender discrimination in the same way that a men's club would be found to be gender discriminating? After all, it perpetuates the bigotry within that culture towards women which affects all women. Is this bigoted?
As you said you are who your are based on your words and by just noting that the law enforcement system is run by whites shows your bitter racism. So I bet it really burns you up to see our Country run by a Black man? I do not care at all who has what job as well as they are competent and earned the job and it was not given to them due to any other reason then they were the most eligible. Obviously a persons race has a big impact on how you see them.....sorry for this but dont know what to tell ya....maybe get over it and move on? The whale slaughter is not words I made up, research the article, they admitted it and the VPSO, who is not White but native, concurred. Sorry to burst your bubble.
There are not 633 "separate identities". There are 633 registered bands and 3100 reserves over the lands. There are approximately 60 nations to whom all those people belong. Too bad people don't look up information before spreading BullS, I mean fallacies.  You are not "subsidizing" any Indigenous peoples, they have been subsidizing your world class lifestyles at the expense of their own lives for 150 years and counting. When you stand up in honour, to honour the treaties - agreements made in perpetuity to share the land and resources equally - not to mention the obligations spelled out in the Indian Act, only then will Canada have something to crow about 'honour'.  The lack of education on Indigenous history shows up here regularly, in the guise of white people claiming to have created everything, while completely and willingly ignoring how much they were taught by the Indigenous and hundreds of other cultures from around the world. How pathetic that fragile culture really is, eh?
"Trumpeteers are going to hate this" Oh brother get real. The fan club pining for any vestige of Obama is closer to the truth. Why would Trump followers care who leads in a superficial tweet contest? Do you also believe all of Trump's followers are Nazi/white supremist/KKK members? Thought so.....
Sounds like she should of hired an old white guy as her lawyer.
Long before whitey showed up us Injuns held sporting events, and every one of us had mascots. They are our traditions and culture. Consider the arrogance of an all white state school board with 1 token black, banning the Indian mascots created by Indians for Indians on our sovereign Indian nations. This is a despicable political attack on our heritage and culture that is teaching our children a racist stereotyping of Indians. For example, us Injuns wear paint on our face for every occasion, and some wear it 24/7, and yet in racists stereotyping of Indians PC liberals claim this is "war paint." No, our mascots are not a pretty easy way to forget our culture, and history, they're upholding it.
I wondered the same.... something I find interesting... I'm white male, by default of not being on " the list " of minorites , am I the "bad guy".in Ms Knoxs' world?  Lets assume I am. From that vantage point it appears Ms. Knox has as an entitled life as I ever did. Actually , moreso.   Take off to the US to work a political campaign .... there is family money back there somewhere... and more than this advantaged  white male had jingling around in his twenties.. I don't disparage her experience, it sounds great. But the generalizations employed are irksome and non productive.
Funny how all these brilliant nationally syndicated talking heads have 20 20 hind sight. To trust or respect their current opinion you have to look at their past articles. Not a one of them recognized that the white working man has being screwed and over looked since union busting, gonna stop illegal immigration as soon as we legalized these 20 million illegal immigrants,Ronald Reagan. Anytime the white man stood up he was called racist, sexist, selfish and mostly ignored. These talking heads completely missed the modern recession. Completely missed the actual results of the trade deals. Completely missed and still fail to report the utter failure of trickle down economics. They bad mouth Obama care while they fail to address the utter failure of the complete US health care system. Even though many civilized countries have much better systems. We, the customer, spend more and get less. They run their mouth and pens for money and are never held accountable or reminded of failures.
I am tired of this LGBT stuff. I am tired of Black Lives Matter. I have gay friends both men and women and I myself am a mix of Indian, Black and White. Maybe now the heterosexuals should decide to have their own parade and simulate sex acts as those in the Pride parade do in public view.
Yes, that's all white people have ever done, is the rally today, August 12, 2017. Slavery? Jim Crow? That was those other guys.
The Philadelphia model may reduce the number of unfounded sexual assault cases but does that necessarily imply that it improves the system and makes it more just?  Or does it simply imply that the secondary review, with a clear gender bias, is going to result in more charges?    Do we extend this model to include secondary reviews of other unfounded cases such that white people's unfounded cases get a secondary review by black people or that rich people's unfounded cases get a secondary review by poor people?  Who decides which block of cases should be reviewed by opposing interest groups?  I think the Philadelphia model sets a dangerous precedent.
He can not make a credible speech condemning radicals when he still has Bannon in the West Wing and white supremacists are his base.
The alt right is trying to cover for the white supremacist who hit the protesters.  They should be considered part of this terrorist organization that has attacked the USA.
Justin T  has substituted so-called WHITE Privilege with real non-White privilege
American patriots will fight the Trump administration to the bitter end. Trump has appointed white supremacist and anti-Semite Steve Bannon chief White House strategist and personal advisor, an unequivocal sign of commitment to an ethno-nationalist agenda in flagrant violation of the Constitution and the republic's highest principles.  The church is in league with Trumpism and ultimately loyal to a supernatural realm, and is therefore antithetical to the patriot cause.
My first, second and thirty-fourth reaction to Charles is that he is racist.    His continued whining about white discrimination even when I have pointed out the success of people like Gen. Colin Powell, Dr. Ben Carson and others in several responses strengthens that reaction almost every day and almost every post.  He continues to bleat that no black person can be successful or ever has been because of white privilege.    The conclusion?   His success must be due to something else.
It would have been much better if he had acted compassionately to the Five Tribes whose only crime was that had innocently interfered with Manifest Destiny.  Ordering the Five Tribes to leave their homes was indeed reprehensible, but Jackson and his constituents did not have a systematic plan for a "final solution."  They thoughtlessly did not make adequate provision for their  trip.  The "Trail of Tears" reflected the sentiments of whites who witnessed the terrible suffering which the poor Indians endured on their long journey.  Lincoln conducted the largest mass execution in U.S. History when he ordered the hanging of dozens of Dakota.  Sheridan and Sherman ordered the systematic killing of buffalo to starve the Plains Indians.  Apaches gratuitously murdered Hopi and Navajos.  Blackfeet fought the Sioux and Crow for hunting territory;  they fought the Cheyenne, Utes, and Arapaho.  The history of man's inhumanity to man is very depressing.  Have a safe and Happy Fourth of July, Al.
Nope, Trump strongly condemned Nazi's and white supremacists on Saturday, Monday and Tuesday.    How many more time does he have to condemn them?  I would say: it doesn't matter, because Liberals and the Fake News will never acknowledge it.
Mr. Sherman... Quoted from Patrick J. Buchanan,   Aware that black-on-white rapes are 100 times more common than the reverse, that black-on-white robberies were 139 times as common in the first three years of this decade as the reverse? We have all heard ad nauseam from the Rev. Al about Tawana Brawley, the Duke rape case and Jena. And all turned out to be hoaxes. But about the epidemic of black assaults on whites that are real, we hear nothing. Sorry, some of us have heard it all before, about 40 years and 40 trillion tax dollars ago. This needs to be passed around because, this is a message everyone needs to hear! OK, will you pass it on? YES. I did but will you? I passed it on because I'm for a better America. I am Not racist, Not violent, Just not silent anymore.  In GOD we trust!
"... he drew equivalency between African American protesters and white supremacists in Charlottesville, even when a protester - non-Caucasian was killed and several injured..."  Just to be clear on the facts; first, it was NOT just AA protestors in charlottesville so your point about his intent there is questionable.  Second, the young woman mowed down by the white supremacist with a car was caucasian.  Third, there were two Mrs. Johnsons in the car when 45 called, one wife, one mother; he spoke to the former.
This is very true.  We had a (white) friend who smoked weed all the time, as he would cigarettes, and drove smoking it too.  Never stopped.  My husband was in a car driven by a young-ish black man and they were pulled over, probably because the car was quite snazzy and searched for weed.  Our black brother-in-law, who's never touched a drug in his life, has on numerous occasions been pulled over by cops.  There is definitely a nasty racial profiling going on.  On the other hand, it is also true, no matter why this happens, that the majority of violent crime, certainly murder, seems to happen in the black community in Toronto.    Like so many issues, this a very complicated one, with no easy answers.
Were she white and directing her vitriole at blacks, she would be fired on the spot.  I believe in equality.
Actually you have it reversed.  Indigenous People (Indians is very derogatory) own well over 60% of all land Canada calls hers.  You will need to read the following Supreme Court of Canada cases to grasp this. Calder v Regina. Delgamuukw v Regina, Sparrow v Regina, Badger v Regina, Tsilhqot'in v Regina.  There's a few others I can't think of at the moment.  Fully one third of Canada's GDP comes from revenues realized from stolen land.  We are so tired of carrying the load for ungrateful whiny white men.
Rieder confuses the war against Germany with our stand against Nazis. Until the Japanese attacked the U.S. our country was largely isolationist, primarily sending war materials to allies. It was Germany who declared war against the U.S. due to treaty obligations with Japan. Despite the "rumors" coming from Europe about Nazi atrocities, our immigration policy provided no relief to the Nazis' victims. It was only after the concentration camps were liberated, and the world suffered the full impact of what was done there, that the U.S. took a firm stand against Nazism. As to President Trump not having issued a condemnation of white supremacist ideology, Rieder seems blind or deaf to the fact that the President did so. The fault is that the condemnation was not in his first public statement. The Greatest Generation was indeed that; sacrificing lives, families, homes, rolling up sleeves, etc. However, it did not do so entirely of its own accord. It was Japan who woke the sleeping giant.
I'm waiting for some dikhead activist to blame colonialism and white privilege
This is a great day for the NRA. The pro gun folks love free advertising. Gun sales always jump after a mass shooting. The more white women and children killed, the stronger the sales.  They don't even have to spend a dime for the actors. They even bring their own guns and ammo. They even got an armed civilian for a hero. The church makes a great location for a shooting. God and guns go together for many. Isn't it great that all lives don't matter in the USA. We care more about who we can kill than how we live. Many folks even believe shooting deaths are God's will. I guess they think they are making God happy with a large body count.
And? That percentage is even higher for whites.
Mr. Dalton, I'm really trying to connect the dots here but may have failed. Please elaborate on how the blackface incident relates to why black people have never had equal protection under the law. My guess is that the latent prejudices harbored by (some if not many or all) white people makes them blind to the insensitivity of donning blackface and blind to the inequality of protection under the law for black people. Am I on the right track here? Is that your train of thought?
Do you mean that you would like to see the data that shows how low-income white students still graduate at higher rates than middle income black and Latino students? If so, I agree, that would be an interesting addition to this article.
So we're still writing about feminism from the white woman's perspective I see?    “For women, the need to work has changed dramatically – try buying a house in Toronto these days…"  "Besides, only if women work like men can they achieve true gender equity – defined as equal outcomes for all."  "The other reason is that younger women have rejected gender-equality feminism in favour of choice feminism."  "This confirms my impression. Some of the most ardent young feminists I know these days are stay-at-home moms…. "  Margaret, have you read bell hooks (Gloria Jean Watkins)
O: "It is not clear whether or not Lincoln committed war crimes by brushing the south's right of self-determination aside and enslaving them to the north's wishes."  Your statement concerning the "south's right of self-determination" was only for the whites of the south. Did you know that there were slaves there as well.  And your statement that Lincoln "enslaved" the south would have - had you written it in history class - earned you an F.
First, let's address the "half-white" comment.  As you well know, during the long history of institutional racism in America President Obama, with an Black father and a white mother would have been subjected to full discrimination as a 'Negro'.  Your comment is specious and, as I'm sure intended, rude.  To be sure, minorities, women, and young voters recognized President Obama was their best hope for the future.  You clearly suggest those Black voters supported him ONLY because he was Black.  All studies and pollings have supported that such simply is not true.  Racism is manifested when someone supports or opposes a candidate BASED on his or her race.  There's a big difference.  Indeed, President Obama was elected dispite being Black, not because of being Black. However, the GOP Congressmen and women made up for it by dedicating their efforts to making his Presidency as much a failure as possible.  You can easily link to Mitch McConnell's comments on this topic.
Well, Mr. McDowell, there's Grace Jang, the Governor's own Communications Director....just for starters....   As for airhead Sarah (the dream'girl' of many "conservative" white men), Walker'd have NO reason to invite the only person ever to quit her job as Alaska's governor just for some extra money + more minutes of notoriety.
Why?  What makes you think it would make a difference to BLM if people are shot by black police officers or white ones?  The point is that police as an institution often appear to be to quick to shoot, especially black men, in the absence of a clear threat.
"We have never been treated as equals to white folks. " I assume then, Mr. Dalton, with all the risks inherent, that you are not Caucasian. Consider the possibility that there are some white folks who do strive to treat all people of all races with respect and not yield to any biases or prejudices they may have. Collectively, we still have work to do to make this the rule rather than the exception. I sincerely hope that if you haven't already, you meet some white folks of the kind I describe. I have met black folks who meet this description.
No.  He was a draft-RESISTER and accepted the consequences of following his conscience, as he made clear in the statement I quoted above.  He "served the state" as H. D. Thoreau described, and the state opposed him.  And while he was a member to the heretical (and separatist) "Nation of Islam", he repented of that and became Sunni Muslim.  And how does once belonging to a "separatist" group make him any worse than the 25,723,167 white Americans TODAY who think "interracial" marriage should be illegal or the 96% of white Americans who opposed it when 'Ali was in the Nation of Islam?   Will you answer, or should I start listening to the wood frogs, as there are no crickets in Alaska?  BTW, I'm neither a 'leftist', nor a 'liberal'--most of the views expressed on NPR are as warped as those expressed on Fox.  Apparently you conflate folks who aren't "white" standing up for their rights with "progressive leftism".  By that logic should I conflate "reactionary rightist" views with bigotry?
Limit carding to the white/ yellow/ red / brown community.....just not those who are black? That's discrimination.
I think he was referring to the white supremacists, not just the one driving the car
Every movement in history has its extremists; look into the history of left wing anarchism, there are tens of thousands of violent pioneering acts of extreme violence, look at the FLQ and the Jewish Defence League and the Red Brigades and the Baeder Meinhoff gang to name only a tiny few, not even mentioning the thousands of left wing black and white minor violent groups. The point is, the new game in town ( which of course benefits the growing security establishments) is to take a very few token right wing extremists to hammer the moderate right. There is a civil war going on everywhere and lots of groups are playing games, not only on the street, but in the marketing world and the political world and especially in the intelligence world and here on social media where a lot of people are not who they pretend to be.
So if you're a citizen having trouble finding a job, or having to work two jobs to survive, or have a son who is on drugs brought here from Mexico..please stop complaining.   You must show mercy to the millions of illegal aliens who have invaded this country.    Mercy first to the illegal aliens who are used by corporations for cheap labor, but no mercy to you the American citizen.   You're white.
Better idea: Let a responsible social services agency take over the Mission and fire all the rednecks who've been running it (into the ground) and let the deranged druggies, white supremacists that have been staying there and chasing everyone else away find another place to shoot up. I'm all for helping the homeless, but the segment that doesn't want help and can't stop hating are welcome to leave town anytime.
Jones has correctly identified the primary reason why white christian males in particular voted for Trump.  They felt threatened by a system that was attacking their "white privilege". The fear was that they may become a "minority". Trump's rhetoric to make America "great" again gave them an unattainable hope that would restore their privilaged status.  It will be interesting to see how they respond when they realise that this was only a wishful dream, a future fantasy, that enabled another white male of very questionable character to be elected president; a white male who is one of the very few privileged elite belonging to the oppulent minority.  This has been compounded by the resurgence of white males who are "christian" fundamentalists of all groupings (born again,  protestant, evangelicals and, of course, catholics).
So your proof is an opinion piece written by a conservative former Bush speechwriter and a youtube video? Pretty weak Lars. You can try and flip the script all you want, but the facts are what they are and cannot be changed no matter how much you scream "No, YOU'RE the racist." The KKK is a white supremacist organzation founded to promote racial oppression through violence. They have murdered many American citizens in the last century and a half. BLM is a social movement which would like the police to stop shooting unarmed black people, and has murdered no one. The fact that you equate them tells anyone all they will ever need to know about your racist heart.
If you so love this country,do as many of we Immigrants did,simplify it, but No,you would rather make it an issue because you do not accept Canada,you want Canada to conform to your ideals. Multi culturalism is a flawed Socialist experiment. Non White Students are demanding Ethnic studies be only taught by Blacks,but anyone can teach European History or Greek Philosophy,
I am quick to bash Americans? I think you believe that America is infallible, and cannot be criticized by a person who is not American.  And Obama was half white. Just saying. Even then his opponents spread the falsehood that he was not born American.   Her is a question for you. When will the US see a female President? In 10 years? 20 years? 50 years?
I thought my comment might stir a bit... but I was not sure how to tone it down.  The other day I could not help myself when I heard a white chap yelling towards a few black men in an argument at the workplace. Before I knew... I was yelling harder at this white (foreigner) and begged him to respect us as South Africans.   For me it is all about respect. I don't respect you for what you did 100 years ago. I respect you for what you are going to do tomorrow. The moment the ANC and black voters can understand this, our country's problems are something of the past.
Lazeelink is correct in saying "I said the WORDS are overused - and they are -..." - Alceste is wrong - Leftists see "racism" under every bed and if you disagree with them they hurl the word "racism" at you - don't they know the new buzz words of the Left now are "white supremacist" and "neo-Nazi" under every leftist bed
The involvement of extremists and the KKK in the reasonable opposition to the removal of statues like Robert E. Lee is very unfortunate.  White supremacy has no place in America, and it indelibly taints legitimate opposition to left causes.  I myself favor the removal of statues that glorify Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson, etc.  They should have been hanged as traitors, and they led a military in a most immoral cause --- the perpetuation of slavery.  At the same time, I understand those who oppose the removal of those statutes.  Much of this divisiveness is ginned up by Black Lives Matter, a racist organization which teaches that the state has built a program of GENOCIDE, and they teach this by using the deaths of two people --- Trevyon Martin and Michael Brown --- as their rallying points.  The racism of the miltia-types os evident and should be opposed.  So should the racism of Black Lives Matter be opposed.  The very name of the organization is an affront to whites..
But Monte, Jubilee involved redistribution to achieve the status quo ante. Given its built-in short term perverse economic incentives, it could easily easily have resulted in a bunch of very wealthy people becoming more wealthy.   We have no idea of how Jubilee was implemented or how it finctioned It is primarily used today as a virtue signaling code for those who want to cut and paste the OT to create an old new covenant. Taken literally, it would make social justice advocates howl. It would lead to economic stagnation and wealth immobility.   No one here is arguing against taxes or a safety net for those at risk for food, shelter or medical needs. And of course it foolish to deny statistical reality, just as it is foolish to presume cause and effect from statistics, which is precisely what the phrase "white privilege" does. And similarly, it would be foolish and racist to use a phrase like "black entitlement" simply because there is a statistical reality underlying that epithet.
rangerMC, benghazi? no one could have done anything to prevent it anymore than anyone could have done anything about harvey. but, after five years i guess it proves you cant fool all the people all the time. keep columbus but put a plaque that states the truth; some silly old people erected this statue before anyone realized the truth was he never discovered america. as for your article, people that write for publication should but their names on what they write. here is your links stated purpose-'Conservative Zone was designed to bring you the latest conservative news stories and viral videos from around the web. Our videos will inspire, provoke thought, and sometimes even enrage, though most importantly we want them to be shared. We encourage you to share these pages with friends, family, and anyone else who wants America to become the great nation it once was (rich, white, racist, evangelical christian, bigoted, intolerant of others, and male).'  ( ) is mine.
Hey Globe commenters! Just so we’re clear on this, we should dismiss as trivial the pain and grief of the families of murdered or missing people if we think that they were harmed by people from their own ethnic or community background. Those RCMP officers murdered in New Brunswick? White on white violence, right? The Borutski fellow here near Ottawa who murdered three women? All four were white. The trial that’s underway in that case? A travelling travesty, in the words of one commenter. Clearly, since it’s just whites killing other whites, we should all just be quiet. OK, got it.
Finally, common sense returns to the White House.
"For the life of me, I can’t figure out why so many Republicans prefer a dying white America to a place like, say, Houston." This is the key statement of this article. Race is always involved in our public policies. Trump voters care much more about being white than being Americans, if they have to share citizenship and equal rights with the rest of us. Equality is a demotion for "poorly educated" white people. They refuse to be treated like poorly educated minorities. Now that white folks are clearly the majority of drug addicts in the 21st century, white folks want more drug treatment programs. When the drug addicts are minorities, the answer is mass incarceration. This country has been a giant affirmative action program for people that Europe didn't need or want. All they had to do is give up their immigrant status and become white. They do that by learning to fear and hate black people in particular and racial minorities in general. That is a choice the rest of us don't have.
Like the Alaska Dispatch, most of those involved with the Black Lives Matter organization are radical Marxists. Furthermore, Black Lives Matter is funded by the Hungarian billionaire, George Soros, who was a Hitler Youth that helped roundup Jews during WWII. He pays everyone at BLM at least $15/hr to stir up trouble and create racial tension in the U.S. Of course, ALL LIVES MATTER, and anyone who doesn't think so, is by definition, a racist. According to the USDOJ, Cops kill about 250 black people a year, but kill over 600 whites and hispanics a year, and in 99.9% of those cases, those people posed a genuine threat to the life of the officer, or they wouldn't have been shot. In a nation of 320 million folks, there's always going to be bad people and bad cops. We don't live in Utopia. More people a killed by slipping in their bathtubs than are killed by police officers each year, so this is all much ado about nothing, which is what radical Marxists specialize in.
NUKE the Rothschild-Bauer FORCED occupation of Israel. Talmudic infant killing blood drinking Jews created the Democrat, Socialist, Communist, and Liberal all to destabilise nations. Now we have Jew funded factions like Antifa'g popping up all over America. The Jews primary enemy has become the Moslem! Jews demoralised America over the last 100 years with Satanic Qabalist Hollywood. They RAPE our children. Their music "industry" screams modern slavery. Besides this TRUTH.... Why fight JEW Battles? Whites and Blacks usually get along... The Crypto-Jews ran the transatlantic slave trade. So why are White non-slave owner Americans in 2017 under attack? One answer.... Devious Evil JEWS.  Don't be fooled.... I am a Jewish anti-semite. I like being an anti-semite. When you study Jewish history for 47 years like I have you KNOW damn well who the enemy of humanity is. I am Judeo-Christian. I am on the right side. All blessings be to Jesus Christ and G🕍d!! #AmericaFirst #SimonOfTrentsRevenge
Don't you just love our Confederate heritage.   It's so wonderful that we should add some new memorials.  First, let's build a bunch of Confederate Veteran Walls like the Vietnam Memorial Walls with the names of all the patriotic Southerners who were guiled into dying for rich planters who built their wealth by enslaving other human beings.   Then erect some monuments show plantation owners whipping slaves, raping their women, and selling children off away from their families.  Then let's show the KKK hanging Blacks for a hundred years and preventing them from voting, owning land, getting an education, or even having a decent job.  We can add burning crosses with eternal flames.  Next, we'd want statues to memorialize Orval Faubus and that hateful white woman who tormented the Little Rock Eight in 1956, as well as George Wallace, and don't forget the KKK members who killed the three civil rights workers in Mississippi in 1964.
The wrong move by Anti-Racists and BLM and the affiates against the Whites. They had the upperhand relaying their disapproval of Trump's remarks condemning ALL Racists and Violence. They couldn't let it be letting the Liberal Democrats, some Rep.'s and Media to keep it on theDonald. They kept on with their illegal destruction of public property for their cause JUST proves Trump's message: There's a lot blame to go around on both sides of the Issue.  It be a good time for Donald to address the Nation, ALL Racism and Violence is not the American way. Drain the Political Swamp! The Establishment is Corrupt! I believe Trump had the info of what was brewing in Virginia, TheSkinHeads, etc. and the anti-Whites potential of violence. If not, he has the Vision where the Virginia violence was going to take the Nation. He knows it takes 2 to tangle! One is not Greater or worse in their cause, Both parties are BAD!"sigh"
Why do these highly paid (millions of dollars) revered players (with huge influence) not protest the murder of about 6000 Black people a year every year (including the past 8 years of Obama rule) as well or more vigorously. Most of the murders happen in high crime areas of Dem controlled cities and actually Trump is the only person who brought it up during the elections as an issue, which was immediately ignored by the MSM and ruling elites. I do not think it unfair to label these kneeling players Uncle Tom's, doing the bidding of a White elite and knocking the hated Trump while ignoring the huge, Elephant in the Country, of thousands of Black people being murdered through corruption and bad to none existing policing in the high crime areas ruled by the Dems.
Nice deflection, like I said, I have read quote after quote , long long before Hitler or the Nazi's.  That doesn't make me a NAZI, I wonder what did all these men fight for, only to read quotes like this, Rabbi's calling us Goyim, cattle, calling for the destruction of the white race! I asked myself why for a long time, I believe I have an answer.  I don't come with hate Thomas, I come with love, what else can I do.  Hate isn't the answer.
Jane, you don't understand.  It's not about rights,  it's about the progressive agenda.  Christianity is under assault as well as white males and traditional values like entrepreneurship and the three Rs.  It's all about the narrative and framing the discussion and marginalizing those who don't embrace the progressive agenda.  Parents are deciding the gender of a child instead of nature.  Colleges no longer allow open debate.  Every effort is being put forth to socialize medicine.  The LGBTQLMNOP Agenda is just one more step in fundamentally changing America.
I'm a white guy and I don't experience "racism fatigue". I'm happy to hear about it and discuss it in hopes that we can keep progressing to eradicate it. Only racists experience racism fatigue.
If she can dismiss me on a race and gender basis, she won't have to confront the difficult truths in what I wrote.  Obviously a white guy can't understand an immigrant's situation, therefore he can be ignored if he offers an opinion that is in conflict with the prevailing liberal orthodoxy.
I believe Andrew from Toronto has a good point, though I'd suggest staying away from the verb "intermingle." Whatever distance you have in mind, that verb probably gets a little too close for most people.  My main comment for this story comes from those words "Saint-Apollinaire is overwhelmingly white, francophone and Catholic." About 90 years ago in Western Canada, which had been white, anglophone, and Protestant, was doing such things as this to Catholics and non-British immigrants, with the help of the Ku Klux Klan. We have to acknowledge our fears, especially the ones that are phobias. Fear kills people.  But it would be interesting, wouldn't it, to see a municipal authority in this land say that religion ends at death, and so it is illegal to to turn away anyone from a cemetery if they can afford a spot there?
I dislike Trump but it is true that it was a Northern-ancestry white woman killed in the Charlottesville, not anyone from the Global South.    By contrast, in 2017, 13+ killed by this Islamic truck in Spain just yesterday, 3 killed in the Islamic truck attack near Parliament in Britain (and 22 (mostly teenage girls) killed in Manchester by Islamic shrapnel), 4 killed by Islamic truck in Stockholm, and in 2016, 12 killed by Islamic truck in Berlin and 86 killed by Islamic truck in Nice.   You can see how the way this looks by contrast to one death in Charlottesville by Northerner car attack (which killed a Northern white woman, not anyone from the Global South) is going to fuel the Trumpsters.
Nobody on the democratic side of the aisle defends antifa...nobody...absolutely nobody. You and your fellow republicans who won't condemn nazis, racists and white supremacists without hiding behind this phony, false equivalency are justifying and defending racism. You have nothing to say that any decent person wants to hear...nothing.
ADN wrote: "Alaska’s total wages grew in the first quarter of 2017 " . This is a meaningless article.  Middle class WEALTH for households in Alaska, as well as elsewhere in the U.S., is well below what it was in 2008.  If you're skin color is not white, your wealth is probably below what it was in the 1980s, and far behind that of most white people by multiples of 100.  "Income" is a distraction to the real issue of how we get by, and any reporter, or editor, that understands economics knows this.  How does the wealth of Alaskans, in the "first quarter of 2017" compare to the same period a year or a decade ago  - that would be interesting to know?   As the AK real estate market, which so many depend on for equity,  heads south (so to speak) as we go into 2018 I would venture a guess that every Alaskan who is not considered to be "rich," irregardless of race or gender (white, black, Latino, Alaska Native), will loose even more of what little they have relative to what they had in 2008.
There's no proof whatsoever that the stabber was Mexican. You made that up all by yourself. He might be from Mexico, or anywhere south of here, or he might be a tenth-generation white guy with a Spanish name.  There's plenty of proof that a lot of Trump supporters are racist. Not all Trump supporters are racists, but all the racists are Trump supporters.
It seems you do, it's just that your agenda is white grievance.
Heroin use spikes among women & high-income groups Study finds new faces of addiction By Felice J. Freyer GLOBE STAFF JULY 08, 2015 ‘Basically, everyone I see is white, they’re equally male and female, they’re younger and affluent, a very different demographic.”Heroin use doubled among women and more than doubled among whites.Women, people age 18 to 25, and those with higher incomes and private insurance have been increasingly falling victim to the drug. https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/07/07/heroin-use-rise-among-women-and-middle-income-people/1bj3fmcvs7aIHWueylFCmN/story.html
To say Dr E-B "represents children of color and their families" is another example of the problem she's dealing with. She's not the token brown lady who represents all people in the district who are not white. Her education, expertise and experience are much broader than relegating her to a "minority spokesperson" role.  Sheesh.
Ted, this doesn't even qualify as sophistry... It's a nonsensical argument.  The black athletes are deliberately showing disrespect to the Flag , Country and Anthem... Taking a knee WHILE THE ANTHEM IS PLAYING is showing disrespect to everyone who fought for America's cherished freedoms. I feel INSULTED watching these overpaid, mega millionaire INGRATES protesting against a country that has given them the "RIGHT" to achieve so much. As for "How can I help"? Here's an idea... How about just 50% of these overpaid mega-millionaire INGRATES move from their mansions in their WHITE communities...and into a black community and spend their vast wealth among their own people. Just think of the PROSPERITY they could create doing THAT. Will it ever happen? NEVER... We both know that, don't we Teddy.
So are Québécois an ethnic minority? Caucasians are not a monolithic culture of "white". Caucasians ARE a minority amongst the world's many billions of people.
Description of suspect: 5 feet 5 inches to 5 feet 9 inches tall and 190 to 200 pounds. He was wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap at the time of the robbery.  LOL !!! Was he White, Black, Oriental, Polynesian, Vulcan ???
When are you going to take Barkley's advice and stop caring about the statues? Ignoring them also means stop having (and enabling and defending) neo-Nazi rallies protesting the removal of the monuments to the white supremacist Confederacy.   If you truly ignored them, you wouldn't care a whit if they were removed. But you do care if those celebrations of inter-generational race-based anti-black slavery and racism are removed.  As usual, your prescription for others is medicine you won't take yourself.
The protests have become rote. Where were these educators when Arne Duncan was appointed after failing miserably in Chicago? Where were they when he accused rich white moms of pushing back against Common Core because it threatened their perception that their schools were good and their children well taught? That always seemed an odd thing to say. A rich white mom from Seattle was one of the founders of Common Core, and was he admitting failure by the educrats up until this program? Davos threatens the status quo- the left has falsely positioned themselves in the media as the sole promoters of a good education for all. That makes no sense. Why would the right not want to get people more educated, making more money and getting off the public dole? It is the UNIONS who are the biggest beneficiaries of that trough, and many children suffer for it- like the ones that used to attend the school Obama's children attend(ed) after his administration took away their vouchers.
Blaming a victim is not the answer. I am "white", and been brutilized by Kent Police . I have lived here nearly all of my life and quite frankly, I don't remember a time ever, when a Kent Police officer has ever been repamanded for using excessive force.  Not unless the "suspect" has had a history of homicide or have recently murdered or used deadly force should deadly force ever should be used, he was a very young adult, not even legally old enough to choose to consume alcohol. I was doing nothing wrong,  the Kent Officer, still to this day, has never answered any questions about why I was being pulled over other than that, it was for a traffic violation (I believe they saw me pull out of bar parking lot and assumed I had been drinking, not the case, I was there to provide a friend a ride, it was dark, I continued to drive about 6 block, pulling into the police station,  where I was tazzard and hit several times in the head hard enough to fracture my skull.
The folks talking about white privilege are just racists.  The societal feature they speak about relates to majority privilege.  The majority who share common traits always treat others differently.  It is not about white, it is about majority.  By making the matter racial rather than simple societal similarity the complainers do nothing constructive.
yet another false equivalency.   those groups exist because they are minorities in a de facto "white" society .  the Right doesn't seem to get that for some strange reason, or doesn't want to.
Hey lol no I'm no lawyer. Didn't think I needed to be. It's simple did you enter through legal means yes then you're fine. Did you enter through illegal means no, then leave. Not sure why it has to be so difficult. Don't get me wrong they are humans but that's not the argument. Are they admissible to the terms set out by the US government to be american citizens and enjoy the rights that american citizens are awarded. It is that black and white.  I'm not a legal UScitizens hence I don't get US rights. US citizens are not Canadian thus they have no Canadian rights. It's not a discussion of basic human rights here. It's simple citizenship rights and nothing more.  And yes I think  the world would run itself vastly more efficiently with black and white terms instead of lawyer double speak.
Hilary Clinton is not an example of what misogyny does to women.  It is insulting to women of the world to refer to this woman. She's more than just a liar and corrupt.  The real reason for her private email was to hide the relationship of 10's of millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia to the Clinton foundation being spent on regime change in Syria and support the Saudi's to bomb Yemen into the stone age.  She has taken millions from the Russians who bought 25% of US uranium.  This is treason!  Bill and Hilary have put more blacks in jail since their Crime Act, exported more white middle class jobs with NAFTA and Hilary according to Robert Steele, CIA activist/whistleblower is the single most criminal person in the US govt since LBJ.  Stanford Uni has documented that Hilary used electronic voting fraud to steal Bernie Sanders nomination.  She is currently under investigation for not only crime but serial murders and paedophilia. Address women's issues but this criminal is on her own.
I have never seen or heard of a supposedly proud democracy bow to Fascism/Authoritarianism so quietly. This is beyond horrible. I am an old man and I have never been so ashamed of my country. The sheer vacuousness of America is breathtaking. I never really understood how stupid and resentful and hateful this country is. Well, not all of it. But enough of it. All of the angry, resentful white men who hate "liberals", who hate the Social Contract, who hate those who read books, who hate..who hate. They have their savior, at last. It is a sad, awful thing to have to whitness. Who needs to think, when you can tweet? I mean, is this even real?
I assume these green jobs if they ever materialize will be subject to Trudeau and the Liberals feminist focused policies and gender specific, white males need not apply.
Constant protest. You are likely very young. Think back through the history of the United States you will recall many times when people took to the streets. They use to chant "HEY, HEY LBJ how many kids you kill today." Protesting and the first amendment is what makes this country great. There is a difference between standing up for equality and standing up for Supremacy. The BLM movement came about after we witnessed police brutality. Young Black men losing their lives because of our police. A young cop stood in court just yesterday apologizing to his victim whom he shot and servery wounded while at a traffic stop. The man was reaching for his wallet as directed by the officer but shot him without warning. Racism is apparent throughout this country and these White nationalist, KKK members, and Nazis are being lifted up by this administration. I do not agree with the Antifa crowd. Remember the Women's March where millions peacefully marched. The Women's March was the left.
Change your context. Out with the new and back to the old. You are a minority in canada.  Fake ideas  This revisionist Marxist thought is ripping our country apart. Japan, China, India existed for 1000'some of years just fine without immigration. In 20 years english, french white people will be gone. Vote for change people before our country falls apart
'University of Texas President Greg Fenves ordered the immediate removal of statues of Robert E. Lee and other prominent Confederate figures from a main area of campus, saying such monuments have become "symbols of modern white supremacy and neo-Nazism."'   Good move, Mr. President, and for the right reason.
Right Jonah, we all of us (including Jonah) know that Trump's ban was a Muslim ban, but let's pretend it wasn't. But why pretend? Trump campaigned all over the nation as a "populist" pandering to anti-Muslim bigotry. Of course, he also pandered to anti-Mexican bigotry, but again, let's pretend that it was only "anti-rapist/murderer" bigotry, though it was directed against only one border that happens to be shared with Mexico. I don't imagine Trump himself has any more bigotry than the average white billionaire; but I bet it irks Trump that Mexican telephone magnate Carlos Slim has ten times as much money as Trump (assuming that Trump actually has a billion, and that Trump knows who Carlos Slim is).  To earn his keep at the American Enterprise Clubhouse, Goldberg threw in some Fake News about Obama and classified material, though "(t)he exact details have yet to be revealed." Also, Goldberg claims political motives behind the anti-ban rulings of several federal courts. Not a good column
Continued....  I was called a "Racist Cop Who Just Wants to Kill Civilians" on Facebook by a BLM supporter who knew nothing more about me than that I was white and a cop.  We were discussing Eric Garner being "choked to death" by police, and I was asserting that he was passively and then actively resisting arrest (after a 20 year history of violently resisting) and that you cannot choke somebody to fdeath when your hands are only on their neck for 12 seconds.  1) I grew up in Baltimore in an all black neighborhood _ I never heard the "N-word" until I was a teenager.  All my childhood friends were black. 2) I was "bodyguard" to my black pastor at a very racially integrated church for 10 years. 3) I teach the Concealed Carry course to civilians to obtain the CCW permit.   I saw the rise of cops being killed (of all races) solely because they belonged to the "blue race".  It has certainly continued with Trump, although now it has swung back the other way.
Re:  The religious right starts to look past Election Day.   “If [Trump] loses, I think there will be a huge identity crisis in the Republican Party, and it is really hard to sort out,” Bauer says. “If you turn off values voters and working class America, you will have a party that is made up of a group of donors and a group of commentators. That won’t go far without actual voters.”  Two points.  I think if Trump wins there will be or should be a huge identity crisis in the Republican Party.  They will be a doomed party, alienating women, Hispanics, African Americans and not supported by Asian Americans, or millenials on issues like gay marriage, or the college educated.  It isn't going to work to be a party of old white men.  Second point.  We are all "values voters."  The so-called right doesn't own Christian values or religious values or the values of our founders any more than the rest of us.  Christianity, religious, democratic values belong to all of us.
White men have been FARMERS for a long, long time.  FARM-OWNERS, I should say.  What a terrible, terrible thing to do with your life - grow crops to share with others, raise animals to sell to city folks....
Because we think - and have reason to - that the leadership of the "lovers" are a)powerful and b) want to return the whole church to the rigidity of patriarchal absolutism, thus ridding it of me and some others.  If we are doing a disservice to the true lovers let us point to the prime culprits. I will watch "The Maltese Falcon" anytime without fear of a movement to go back to all black and white with poor sound.
Coming from the same armchair activists who defend the student leader at Dalhousie who shamelessly attacks white students - because that's free speech when it's a like-minded hashtag progressive. But when it is an idea they disagree with, their feelings are "violently" assaulted and they no longer feel safe on campus because most opinions that don't fall into their narrow definition of "acceptable" speech also makes them unsafe, what a coincidence. Canadian Academia is regressing into a joke of self-involved whiners and perpetually offended social justice warriors working on that 12 year double major of basket weaving and social justice before a long and prosperous career as a professional protester. http://nationalpost.com/opinion/christie-blatchford-thought-police-strike-again-as-wilfrid-laurier-grad-student-is-chastised-for-showing-jordan-peterson-video Come to Wilfred Laurier, where our students are bullied into submission under the guise of creating "safe spaces".
... and in Norway, all that was financed by pumping a helluva lot of oil and selling it on the world market.  ;-)  (At one time, Norway was the world's 2nd largest exporter of crude, after Saudi Arabia.)    Gosh - sacrificing global climate for "free" healthcare for 4 million (overwhelmingly white) people?  Worthwhile trade-off?
Do many voters decide based on the VP candidate?  Probably not.  And as a white male, I certainly don't feel historically underrepresented.  Maybe white Catholic males voted on the issues, rightly or wrongly, rather than on ethnic identity.
Oh les, les, les. You are always good for a dose of insanity in the morning.  Let me guess:  You watch Fox News, you highest level of education is high school,  you're overweight, you're male, you're white, probably overweight, your ill-informed.  Should I go on?  You're rant about anti-trumpers is straight from the Fox News playbook.  They love to dupe you trump-lapdogs into to thinking the world is fine under him.  Please, please, please reply so I can add you to pocho and rth as the most humorous and ignorant MAGAphants that I get to read in the morning.  You make my day.
The definition of irony: dozens, if not hundreds, of white people feeling the need to comment on something they think is inconsequential.
Don't forget that for every white person who leaves the country, several jobs are lost.  Furthermore, their buying power is also lost, so the factories making food, clothing, furniture, motor cars, etc. etc. etc. have fewer customers.  Also, their taxes are lost - so the tax base shrinks even more.  Let's not forget that their donations are also lost - so many white people give generously to the poor and needy, continually, without being asked, and certainly without being thanked.  Yet people encourage the whites to leave, telling them that they shouldn't be here at all and refusing to allow them to make any contribution to the economy by denying them jobs for which they are qualified - simply on the basis of their skin colour.  So they go off to some other country and make their many contributions there, while we in South Africa are the poorer because of it.  When will this change?  When it does we may see a glimmer of hope for our country.
Indians want to appropriate white culture by welfare ,health care ,benefits ,vehicles, houses and so on. Time for Indians to go back to their own culture.
yeah, I'm a longstanding white US citizen and my niggling suspicion that most of us whites are way too delusional to see the very noses in front of our half-bright, poorly educated, deeply bigoted faces now turns out to be a documented fact!
>>> "And it is a fantasy for a party heavily populated by African-Americans, Muslims, the LGBTQ, immigrants and other marginalized peoples yearning to breathe free in an increasingly oppressive environment, to think it can attract angry, older white voters who believe that what America really needs is to be made "great again." <<<  Fascinating that Mr. Pitts thinks dividing people into competing tribes (also called "interest groups") is a solution to common problems in a civil society. When and where has this worked to create harmony? And moving to the political extreme, by definition, means excluding consensus, balance, fairness, respect for others, and compromise. I would like to mourn the death of the idea of the brotherhood of man, but Mr. Pitts would no doubt condemn my words as sexist without looking at the content of the phrase.
Not at all. Nazis were Fascists, which is a left wing ideology. The white supremacists are best represented by the KKK, which was formed by the democratic party. The party with the racist past is the democratic party, not the republican party. Just a little research will give you all the facts necessary to confirm the facts.
Why isn't the work going to a black owned company ? The ANC keep complaining that whites control the economy.
America is already great, if they say it is not, it is highly offensive to all the people who go out in the real America daily and work at jobs that build our nation, keep it going and defend it. I am moved by those Americans and not by a sexist over aged senior citizen whose actions serve to only divide this nation. Hillary for 4 years not a big deal as you make it , spend those 4 years getting a real conservative for the GOP ticket and keep from putting nominees on the ticket who fail despite the hundreds of studies undertaken that show Americans have changed and will not vote for a party in enough numbers to put in office only old white American Christian men.
I believe that you are way too judgemental with your thoughts. Why are you saying that the Penguins have their head in the sand? Is it because you believe they must make a political statement. White privilege, black privilege, the penguins have black hockey players on the team.   Going to the whitehouse is not about politics for most. It’s about history and going to place where famous American presidents have resided and history. Whether you are American, Canadian, German, Slovak, Swedish, some just don’t care about American politics. If people in general want to stand for the Amthem, maybe because their grandfather or any family member gave their lives in the first, second, or any war and they pay their respects, your thoughts are, get your head out of the sand. Hockey players are from all over the world. I guess everyone that visits the whitehouse, athlete or not, or that doesn’t care about politics or making a statement is white privileged or have become a ostrich.
Hate speech proscriptions "protect the easily offended"? Dang . . . That statement is exactly what racial and gender privilege looks like. Reading this comment makes it easy to understand why people of color sometimes resist, minimize or resent the participation of white liberals in Black Lives Matter movement. Having never been the target of racist hate speech, white folks just don't get it, can't identify with the experience.  Racist, misogynist, homophobic speech doesn't merely "offend" the people it decries; it poses a direct, physical threat to their wellbeing and safety. And it FEELS that way to the targets of such discourse.  Being threatened is not being "easily offended". Geeezus . . .
There is comparatively little history of Marxist revolutionary violence on the USA, about as much as there is for avowed Nazis and fascists.  On the other hand, if you look for generic white supremacist violence in American history, you'll find evidence of it everywhere you look, including the Constitution and the historical civil codes of almost every state, including Oregon.  And, of course, there is plenty of evidence that people of color are STILL second-class citizens in many, many places. This is why the WN are so frightening: they tap into still-existing white supremacist traditions that are as old as America.  They MUST be suppressed by the forces of law and order, by the state. This can't be left up to civil groups, be they fringe-groups like AntiFa or mainstreamers like ACLU and NAACP. Conflicts like that are EXACTLY what the WN's want.
I'm not sure what your statement means.  Of course there have been improvements in race relations.  The point here is that WN (White Nationalists) want to take us back to the Jim Crow time, when whites never had to be irritated by the presence of a Black, or give them basic human rights.
Speaking of conjecture. Racism is more than mean. Those Confederates being celebrated believed in genocide. Since I don't know - and apparently you DO know what the Hispanic student body has issues with or doesn't at that school - with an average annual median family income of almost $10 g's less than in Denver and then take into account that the average Hispanic median family income is about 10% of the average for whites  - they likely have more important concerns is what I would uhhhh infer. And, **sigh** Yes. You got me! Clearly I hate white people. Anybody who speaks of racism obviously just hates white people - because we're incapable of logic otherwise it's just hate. Any attempt that we make at inference is really just conjecture. Oh...and Manual High School is around 94% non-white and has one of the largest concentration of Black students in all of the state of Colorado.  Seriously, if you're a working class person we're in the same boat anyway...stop already.
You aren't a church historian.  You do not communicate with church historians who are 'working out in the field,' who do constant research, and who, in spite of the destruction male scribes did in by-gone centuries to destroy any references to women who were Ordained [legitimately], there ARE documents that were uncovered.  The last pope that we had who actually had a background in church history was Pope [Saint] John XXIII.  We need more people in the hierarchy who have a strong background in Church history, to uncover the past that is too easy to hide under layers of white androcentric dominance.
Why did it take until 1965 - more than 100 years after emancipation - for blacks to exercise their right to vote under the 15th Amendment? Racism in the US is multi-generational, and it won't just disappear overnight. Whatever else they did, these confederate "war heros" fought to keep slavery in the south, and memorializing them in this way is to memorialize the institution of slavery.  Just because you personally don't find them offensive isn't the issue in a fair and just democratic society. Your responsibility entails that you view your common man - regardless of skin color - with some degree of empathy and compassion. The alternative is to constantly fight with each other. I know that in my family and relationships, I don't get anywhere by maintaining hurtful sentiments. It takes two to tango, and if White America really wants to get along with Black America, then we need to remove the painful memory of injustice, and find new ways  to restore social harmony.
I am not up on the latest liberal talking point.  What exactly is whitelash?  As a white person should I somehow feel guilty or afraid for some unknown reason?
Personally I enjoy going there, I'm sorry you hate white republicans...
Why? Well I guess you are right in a way. You might have thought all along you were say for example native Alaskan and after the test find out you are really more White than native. Hence the American Taxpayer does not have to pay the minority handouts and entitlements thus saving us our hard earned money. Yes, you are right James, what a great idea Trump may have. He very well might have found yet another way to save American Tax dollars. Thanks for bringing that up James.
trump did say there were good white supremacists there.   This is a simple fact.  As long as you continue to deny that there's no point in discussing this any further but I will point out that your "Exhibit One" completely fails to show even ONE good white supremacists.  This was not a BLM rally.   It was a white supremacist and pro-trump rally.  The truth hurts, doesn't it?  That's why you deny it.
The Comments leader of the defenders of all things white and pure to smear anyone offering a realistic, decent view.  If he had lived in the 60's, he would have been at the school doors screaming at the black children trying to gain an education.  Probably one of the embedded activists for the FBI and other law enforcement including military intelligence operatives to bring violence to peaceful demonstrations.  One of the Ohio national guardsman murdering Kent State students.  The racist bigots and government haters will never be satisfied until they re-create those halycon days of 1930s Germany and  Italy and the 20th century segregation of the U.S.  If it walks and talks like a bigot, it is a bigot.
The truck was white, capitalist ............ and did not wear body armor. . Its transmission is still being investigated.
"The new drugs are created in labs with internet to kill users, not to get them addicted." Well yes, of course and, even many of the flyers LaRaza distribute openly say this. Big Pharma, MX, MX cartels, Feds, and the Catholic Church...world domination and extremely cheap labor. It's been underway a long time. All on needs to do is read up on white mortality, white despair death (suicides), Fentanyl deaths up nearly 600% in only 36 months. It's been underway 15, 20 years.
Dr. Pangloss here agrees with Donald Trump; why should Americans tolerate the "removal of our beautiful statues and monuments." Why? Because they have become symbols for a growing racist movement in the U.S. Trump got 62 million votes by running a campaign that appealed directly to white Americans and their fears about immigrants, non-Christian religions and inner-city violence (unsubtle code for African Americans). Now, overtly racist rallies are decrying removal of these symbols of the fight to preserve the purchase, imprisonment, torture and forced work of millions of human beings. Venerating symbols of a dark stain on America's past as the country struggles with rising racial tension is hardly laudable, despite Orwin's best of all possible worlds interpretation.
Nice try backpedaling but you said Eugene is famous nation wide for all the welfare we hand out.   And then you went on a racist tirade about babies, as if poor white men and women don't make babies.   "Why, because Eugene is well known all over the country for its FREEBIES, Food Stamps, all types of WELFARE, very young white women and women of color get pregnant and its easy to get welfare"
The white supremacist, neo-Nazi, and KKK member that wrote this story has no place in the media. How else would he/she know what is in the hearts and minds of his/her kind to know they are carrying out Trump's agenda.  What a joke this article is.
The problems with using these 'stats' are that there is no information given as to What, precisely, was the situation and circumstances that led up to the shootings by LE. Do Whites tend to Listen better?...Or follow LE's verbal instructions better? Do Whites tend to Not struggle and present a danger to Officers as often ? There MAY be more here to The 'Big Picture.'
Jackson owned 300 slaves.  HIs wealth came through their labor.  Without slaves providing hime wealth, Jackson wouldn't be known.  Jackson waged an ethnic cleansing campaign committing genocide by the thousands on Native Americans.  Jackson was a white supremacist.   Jacksonian democracy was only for white Americans.  White nationalism is not new to the Republican Party, but with Trump it has never been so openly embraced.  For an admitted white supremacist and a eugenicist like Trump, racism as the fundamental basis for political policy is all too attractive.  There's a reason Trump embraces Jackson and it's for all the wrong reasons.  Trump likes more than just the symbolism, he's a true believer in white supremacy.
"[My grandmother is] a typical white person who — if she sees somebody on the street that she doesn't know — there's a reaction that's been bred into our experiences that don't go away, and that sometimes come out in the wrong way, and that's just the nature of race in our society." Senator Barack Obama, 20 March 2008  Similarly, the black riots that happened with regularity during the Obama administration represents the fulfillment of Obama's promises.
You are right sylvia, pretty soon being a white male will be like living in Alabama in the 1960s and being black.
Reminder to the angry white right that forms todays Harperite party: Trudeau has children. :)
You rested too early.  As I pointed out with citations to the record, Trump didn;t sympathize with the Klan; to the contrary, he condemned them, along with David Duke, a long time ago.  So there's no evasive "Look over there!"  The fact is, BLM IS horrible for treating non-racist, Confederate-monument-opposing white guys like me as racists.  Your attempt at irony failed, because in the end, you unwittingly told the truth.
In your view, it is discrimination, but legal, to have an "All Native Basketball Tournament".  Is it also legal discrimination to have an "All White Basketball Tournament"?
Shining a spotlight on the enduring white supremacist character of our institutions is neither 'validating' them, nor is it being 'racist from another quarter' to do so.  I seems you missed the point of my Nixon administration example.  The adviser of a (somewhat less-than) two-term US president admits his administration targeted nearly 15% of its population as ENEMIES.  Provide me one example in US history were white people were EVER thus targeted by the minions of their own government.
As in the United States, Norway respects freedom of speech. Also as in the United States, most European nations including Norway have their share of noisy white nationalists, foaming at the mouth about "foreigners" and "racial purity". Breivik had done nothing illegal, and he owned a handgun legally. Sound familiar? How many mass shooters do we in the US apprehend before they commit mass murder? None, right?  But the fact is, Breivik was and remains an object of scorn in Norway, and like most terrorists, no one had an inkling he would pull off a mass murder.
He should of thought this through a lot better. That he took a stand on an issue is fine.   But did anything change? No.  His first clue should have been the almost total lack of support from fellow players. The NFL is owned by white guys who like control. And they were just handed a way of intimidating players on a silver platter. Like Richard Sherman pointed out, he's been blackballed. They'll make an example of him. He may as well play in the CFL now.
You can cite thousands of studies; thousands of tests; thousands of pages of documentation debunking that belief and the avowed racist will dismiss them as "fake news" or part of a "liberal/Jewish race mongrelizing" conspiracy.   This is NOT a rational, reasoned debate.    I know two young men who truly believe the earth is flat.  I don't bother arguing with them....I just smile and shake my head.  That's fine,....they're harmless.  Racism is NOT harmless.  It is just as baseless that that "flat earth" theory, but, it engenders actions which greatly harm individuals and which destroy the very fabric of our nation.  Standing up to racism is crucial , and we all need to join in doing so.....and, importantly, we need to refuse to be intimidated by the violence and threat of violence the white supremacists proudly celebrate and parade.
Is there anything today that is not the fault of the "white heterosexual male"?  Not that it matters, really,  as they appear to be the only group about whom one can be hurtful and objectionable.
Since you obviously are missing my simple point I'll make one last comment. If it is logical to accuse Donald Trump as being a white supremacist due to his association with Steven Bannon, who allegedly has some ties to  unsavory KKK types, one should then accuse Planned Parenthood of the same due to it's founder, Margaret Sanger's actions and involvement personally with the KKK.    I guess you will just ignore my comment as usual without a response.  The Confederate Army has been dead for centuries as well, but apparently we still face issues with the simple appearance of it's flag.    Tough noogies to you.   Good day.
"More than a third of Americans in a new national survey said they think the heightened focus on diversity at work has overlooked white men, according to the consultancy firm Ernst & Young. Thirty-two percent of male respondents, meanwhile, reported feeling “personally excluded” in the office."  Suck it up, snowflakes.
As to the first part of your last post, I won't question your perceptions. I'm sure they are founded at least in some fact, if not entirely so. As to the notion that you should be grateful to white folks, that would hold true only if those people did something kind and of benefit to you that otherwise wouldn't have happened or been done. The notion that you be grateful for slavery as it caused you to be born in the U.S.A., is really a preposterous perversion. I hope you'll bear with me, but I'm not familiar or aware of how much rape, robbery, and murder is currently done to maintain white, male privilege. (You've mentioned this at least twice in this chain of posts.) Do you have specifics? Perhaps I'm aware of the events to which you will refer but undoubtedly haven't seen them with the same perspective as have you.
What's there ever a doubt? Being called a racist today, has little no effect anymore. It has been overused to a point where it has lost all meaning. Wanting a secure border is now considered to be racist. In addition anyone who isn't white can't even join in the discussion because they aren't black and don't understand and yet the black community does nothing more than just blame the whites and anyone else who happens to be convenient at the time. I have worked and socialized around many African Americans in my time and I am here to tell you the there is a big difference between African Americans and what some people consider the N word and it has nothing to do with the color of their skin. I will probably be banned for voicing my opinion but it needed to be said!
This obviously way uncharacteristic for Bannon.  Nevertheless:  “The Democrats, the longer they talk about identity politics, I got ’em,” he is quoted as saying. “I want them to talk about racism every day. If the left is focused on race and identity, and we go with economic nationalism, we can crush the Democrats.”  Because nothing pushes a "White Supremacists versus Leftist Anti-Protesters" story off the front page like "US considering Section 301 Trade Act claim against China" right?
The best thing about white supremacists is they lose every war they start, really bad.
I guess that in the everyone is equal in the world of the "progressives" everyone means people other than white males. They are not allowed to have a voice whatsoever. Do not say anything against any ethnic group EVER, white males, go ahead and slander at will, vile comments welcome, the more slanderous the better. Strange though that the only countries that welcome all races and embrace diversity are originally WHITE countries. Oh yeah, the raiding of our wallets is quite welcome also, all in the name of "social justice" of course.
This comment on Civil Comments was rejected. It reads as follows: "And finally, I am more innocent than the white guy standing next to me as he maintains his innocence and challenges my manhood in front of a dozen Native women who fall at his feet while he loudly proclaims: I am General George Armstrong Custer! These women are mine!!!" And they are….LOL. It happens all the time…Lord have mercy. Yep." Print the truth pardners of the old wild west!. Be brave!! Be as courageous as I am. Dayum!
"Being homeless in Eugene is a white privilege."  I suspect you will regret that statement one day.
“Our Founders fought a revolution for the idea that all men are created equal. The heirs of that revolution fought a Civil War to save our nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to that revolutionary proposition.  “Nothing less is at stake on the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia, where a violent attack has taken at least one American life and injured many others in a confrontation between our better angels and our worst demons.  “White supremacists and neo-Nazis are, by definition, opposed to American patriotism and the ideals that define us as a people and make our nation special.  “As we mourn the tragedy that has occurred in Charlottesville, American patriots of all colors and creeds must come together to defy those who raise the flag of hatred and bigotry.”   John McCain  So, holier-than-thou Johnnie, didn't your ancestors own a plantation and own slaves?  Didn't your great-great-grandfather fight for the Conferacy during the Civil War?  Aren't apologies and reparation due?
That's it? If an identified group, 6% of the population, is responsible for over 50% of the violent crime, they are going to be approached differently. said group should quit committing the bulk of the crimes.(FBI stats) I don't believe we have a police problem, I believe we have a black crime problem. If you are going to identify with a group then do something to solve the problems that group is responsible for. White people get killed by cops too. To pretend that Rice wouldn't have been killed if he was white just stokes the racism that is hurting this country. This "protest" has accomplished nada. seems like they need to come up with a different approach and message. "what do we want? dead cops, when do we want it now" isn't going to gain you much support.
And your point?  Even the existence of ONE person, black or white, who owned a slave would be cause for regret.  The fact that a war was fought, in part to right that wrong, in which countless thousands of lives were lost, is truly regrettable.
So you believe intelligence is determined by skin color? The more things change the more they stay the same. I'll bet there are white people who have lived here longer than you.
It's just scrubbed of references to ISIS and Al Bahgdadi. Because, you know, "religion of peace", and also it's white male NRA Bush's fault.
Uh, I'm a progressive and I think this piece is nonsense. This guy says all of Canada's accepting attitude is under threat cause of one waitress in Newfoundland? As I said before I am a white guy with a weird last name that is always misprounounced and misspelled, including the name plaque at my desk at work. This had NOTHING to do with discrimination, it was just a rude waitress and you and the author are wasting everyone's time.
More from Stormfront:  Story Breaking: a suspect has been arrested for reportedly stabbing two persons to death on a Portland train, the suspect was said to have confronted two muslims with bias " hate speech", then other passengers intervened, a fight ensued resulting in two deaths.  RONA RENAGADE writes: "Sounds like a case of National, racial and self defense, thanks on behalf of a grateful Nation."  Maybe he wasn't shouting, maybe he was just talking normally.  After all, if you know languages other than English, you can regularly hear what others think of white people on London transport !  And perhaps, he was just defending himself when three other men decided to attack him.  Because, if he really was inclined towards violence, wouldn't he have attacked those women..   I don't suppose anyone happen to film the incident to give a better idea of what happened.
Hypocrisy of the left at its finest. Trump had nothing to do with what happened over the weekend. Trump denounced it. He will prosecute anyone involved.  Hillary takes millions from countries that abuse women, refuse to recognize the rights of gay people, and to this day allows for the practice of FGM.  Obama does not denounce the violence from BLM and Antifa, welcomes BLM to the White House and the left is silent.  Liberals would protest if Trump did exactly what they wanted. The fact he finally got NK to back down shows he is a stronger leader than Obama or Clinton would have been, but the left would rather side with NK because it is not Trump.  Liberals really are a sad bunch that they would justify the violence from BLM and Antifa while also ignoring the war on the Police while trying to blame Trump for the weekend protest death.  It is sickening. There is no place for any of the violence, and Trump was man enough and a strong enough leader to say it.
Best line from the NY Times article: "They [Bannon and Burke] saw Islam as threatening to overrun a prostrate West weakened by the erosion of traditional Christian values, and viewed themselves as unjustly ostracized by out-of-touch political elites."  So the thrice-married, thrice-divorced, white nationalist sympathizer who has been accused of domestic violence and antisemitism is now the champion of Christian values? Good to know. I wonder if the good Cardinal presented Mr. Bannon with a copy of his book "Remaining in the Truth of Christ: Marriage and Communion in the Catholic Church."
Talking point of the day from conservative media: deflect from Nazis and white supremacists to Black Lives Matter!  There's no evidence Micah Xavier Johnson was affiliated with Black Lives Matter. BLM's response to the murders:  "Black activists have raised the call for an end to violence, not an escalation of it. Yesterday’s attack was the result of the actions of a lone gunman. To assign the actions of one person to an entire movement is dangerous and irresponsible. We continue our efforts to bring about a better world for all of us."  http://blacklivesmatter.com/the-black-lives-matter-network-advocates-for-dignity-justice-and-respect/  I'm pretty sure I know who you are. Weren't you booted from NCR last year? Just can't quit 'em can you.
Extremist white supremacists taking a page right out of the ISIS terror playbook...
I can see the opinion that he may be a nationalist, but a White nationalist has not been proven by any means.  I can provide you with the articles I read that dispute each point you made.  So what, until you can provide me a direct quote, video or photographic evidence of him attending a White Supremacist meeting,  espousing White Supremacist ideals, or funding White Supremacist Functions, you have no further proof than my above opinion that Hillary Clinton is a practicing Luciferean.  I can provide you articles related to Wiki-Leaks release of John Podesta's emails that show a possible tie to same. Can I know unequivocally  state that she is a Satan worshiper, just because some right leaning   articles state she is?  I don't think so.  I have my bias and you have yours, but my head is no more in the sand than your own.
Gary needs to watch the interview of Dr.Alveda King and her comments concerning her discussions with Coretta King about Sessions and also her views concerning Warren. I will give the angry black women more credibility than the white women that lied about being a Native American.  Coretta King had a much different view of Sessions in her later life then when the letter was written.  Warren used an OUTDATED LETTER that no longer honestly portrayed Coretta Kings view of Sessions.  Of course that would not fit the talking points of the left.  It is also why the RG did not report on the interview.  Possibly the knowledge she obtained from getting to know Sessions was the reason for the change of her opinion. Free speech is great.  Not reporting relevant speech is also free speech, just filtered a little to limit relevant knowledge.
don't believe this is true today, non-Japanese are allowed to participate but preference is given to Japanese, the same as kam school's admission policy.  btw, the original exclusion was not only white, all other races were excluded.  and yes, this was wrong.
Yeah...it would be fairer if more whites got shot! Right Post? Did it ever occur to DP to confront realities rather than produce racist memes? Um, no. A "story" is nothing but a platform for an agenda.
So you support the people who were carrying Nazi flags and marching in support of white supremacy?
White Swiss monopoly capital has bought Gupta mine, a disgrace. At that price I'm sure black owned companies would bid and fight each other to buy this cheap gem. But first you have to believe that Gupta family still don't own all mine assets still.
What a crock of pooh. Canada's predominantly made up of people from European descent (aka white). Does the same type of stuff happen in other countries? Does Uganda have "Black privilege" classes for their kids? Does China have "Beige Privilege"? Of course not.
Everyone knows the  Justice Department civil rights division is infested with racist cranks. Good for Sessions that he is going around them to investigate racial discrimination against asians and whites.
"Maybe he understands the public in general or at least his base. "  He does understand his base.  They are white racists like him.
Ruth Hall quoted by Greg Nicolson: that white farmers fear entry of black commercial farmers “into this space”. Really? With 90% of black run farms failing, what is there to fear? Both Ruth Hall and Greg Nicolson display some astounding ignorance in this context. And the taunts that white farmers fear expiration without compensation? Wait till your businesses assets are threatened with expropriation without compensation and then let’s see how commentators (like Ruth Hall) feel? Not that she runs a for-profit enterprise. As for Greg Nicolson who is ultimately funded by the Oppenheimer family, good luck when the sentiments presented here start to undermine your employers’ actual business interests.
She is a member of a governing body a a university.  To make a comparison, if a white member of a municipal Council sent a tweat out telling people to "F" "off" or to made reference to kissing a "B" "a__" can you imagine the reaction? It would be a lot louder than this.
My point completely - he has never said anything suggesting "all non-white races".  You did.  Discussion closed.
The new flavour of the Conservatives is Trumpeh. With O'Leary you get a wolf and not in sheeps clothing. Trump tweets because the media are liars, does he include Foxy News, women who are foxes and the men old and white?
The race to become Zimbabwe-as the new finance minister seems to want to--drive out all the white folks, enrich the top ANC thugs and blame the resulting  mass poverty on the " continuing legacy"  of apartheid.
Statistics prove you wrong.  Again and again.  Year after year.  White men committed Columbine, Sandy Hook, Aurora Theater, and the Charleston church massacre.  All were tragedies.  All told, 60 innocent people were killed by the criminals.    Over 60 people are killed every month in Chicago alone.  The majority of them are killed by black gang members.  That is one city, over one month.  In the 18 years since Columbine, that average would produce over 13,000 murders for Chiacgo alone.  That number does not include murders in Detroit, Baltimore, NYC, or any other city.  As the FBI keeps statistics, it's easy to see that black men, while being only 7% of the population, are responsible for over 50% of the violent crimes in this country.  Why wouldn't "whites bring race into the discussion?"  Everyone should.  The question is, why aren't you acknowledging the truth?  Why are you trying to divert attention from the actual problem?  While I have my ideas, I'd love to hear your answers.
Was the person killed by police white, black, brown, or something else? Isn't that the determining factor in the court of public opinion when deciding the justification of police shootings? Or are they all bad now. I can't keep up.
Maybe the cops should all just hand in their badges and quit. Let these feral bandits prey on each other, and let all the pampered, effete white liberals fend for themselves.  PS I wonder:  Did the Globe report on the kidnapping and torture of the disabled Trump supporter by the four young black people? If not, does that mean that the story is fake news?
This now ex-Google software coder absurdly claimed, in a rather long internal memo, that the relative paucity of female coders at Google is essentially their fault due to their gender. This obviously carefully considered, if poorly reasoned, assessment comes as pressure mounts on Google and other Silicon Valley employers to change their white male based culture to something resembling the diverse society at large. Sometimes it's better not to toot if you want to avoid the boot.
From the White House transcript:  Trump: And a lot of people got to see the real Coast Guard during this incredible trouble.  Would you like to say something on behalf of your men and women?  Air Force representative: Sir, I’m representing the Air Force.   Trump: No, I know that.
Asians don't rebel against arbitrary authority, while blacks have enough bad history to have to do so to survive, at least from their POV. White American, or at least Trump's America, validates those perceptions.
One candidate for president is a sexual predator and one is married to one, along with her own issues with ethics. Talking is not as bad as doing, but I do believe Trump is a predator who puts his hands on women at least. Bill Clinton was accused of rape and apparently still continues to see young women in his penthouse at the Clinton Library. Our country is in huge trouble and of course this revelation was timed and the responses were planned. How can Hillary Clinton support women while being married to Bill Clinton? How could the Republicans who knew what Trump was support him? He was OK with them until the public found out the truth. The Clintons are friends with Donald Trump, imagine the conversation between Bill and Donald on the golf course. None of these people should be or have ever been anywhere  near the White House. I'm voting for Jill Stein.
I would fully support "This Land is your Land."   The larger point, which I didn't think that I needed to explain, is that the SSB is indeed a fair and accurate symbol of the US in that it too was created by a male white racist slave owner who waxed on about freedom, freedom that was only for fellow white property owners.  Defining peaceful, silent, protest against racial injustice during the anthem as "disrespect" for the anthem and by extension the very country itself is the height of irony when the country and the anthem are defined by racism.  True patriotism is fighting to push the country toward the ideals we set for ourselves and demanding that all citizens can live in the "land of the free."   Unquestioning, blind allegiance is NOT patriotism and does nothing to make our country great. It is nothing more than forced Nationalism, which does not allow for dissent and persecutes protest. It is anathema to our ideals and the antithesis to freedom.
I'm confused by all the hateful rhetoric. When the current White House administration of this country refuses to take a stand or to protect the interests of ALL our neighbors, friends, family members. It becomes our obligation starting at a local level to take a stand. If you disagree with this resolution, regardless of political affiliation, I don't know how to help you. I really don't.   I see shades of what our forefathers, greater men than you or me, wrote in the Declaration of Independence... "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness."  It's good every now and then to remind people why our country was founded and what that foundation is. Thanks Homer.   http://www.cityofhomer-ak.gov/sites/default/files/fileattachments/ordinance/18841/reso_17-019_resist_division.pdf
I am non white I completely agree with the teacher Better??
Forcing Trump's Hand on Condemning White Supremacists. http://www.politico.com/f/?id=0000015e-5530-d942-a3de-57b736720001 Passed the Senate. Passed the House. Now Trump can sign it or veto it. He's caught in the middle either way. Brilliant. Winning.
This article could have been about any middle aged white guy in Alaska or Georgia angry at life and his defense against the coming commies makes him feel his life has value.
Are you seriously that naive?  What the white nationalist militants (including KKK, and others) have in common is their admiration for the Nazis and Hitler.  What do you think the term Neo-Nazi means?  Their numbers are growing, and already becoming more visible.  They are bent on 'taking the country back' and will stop at nothing to remove, by any means, non-whites and any others who oppose them in any way.   They need to be exposed, so they can no longer pretend to be our good neighbors.
Are you seriously comparing BLM to white supremacists?
I am truly saddened by what is happening across Canada and North America.... These violent protests are not what we are supposed to be about..... We have the right to protest peacefully, regardless of whether you are on the right side of history or the wrong side.... We no longer engage each other in any meaningful way on any subject matter...extremists views of any culture need to be countered with conversation and debate not with sticks, stones or weapons....the exception is of course if they have committed acts of violence I also blame gov't for fanning the flames of all sides.  They cannot deny permits for protests unless there is credible evidence of violence.....yet in some cases there hasn't been adequate security (especially in the states)to protect those involved. Now I am not supporting white supremacists or any other radical groups....but it's not illegal to be an a$$h0le....which is why it's even more important to counter hate with conversation...unless it becomes violent
Some are white supremacists, some (low information voters) are incredibly gullible or reckless, and some just want a tax cut. I think that probably covers 90% of his supporters.
I worked at Cabela's for awhile.   We called Friday night "Tweaker Night."   Most of our regular customers were over the river and through the woods by Friday night, so we who worked there spent Friday night battling the shoplifters  that descended on us en masse looking to steal something to sell for weekend party money.   There was the occasional Black, including one obvious pro that we never caught while I was there, a few Natives or Asians, but the vast majority were White, mostly males but some females or often a couple working together, and the majority of them were obvious meth heads.  If someone had a baby carrier in their cart, they could count on our rapt attention.
There is a big gap between white Catholics and non-white Catholics.  In this country, race is more important than religion when it comes to voting.
Nazi's the KKK and White Supremacists are little potato's compared to this new phenom  called ANTIFA.
So where was LAPD in your case?   Perhaps out pulling over any car driven by a person of color in a safer, "historically white neighborhood" like Beverly Hills, Brentwood or Santa Monica??
And finally, I am more innocent than the white guy standing next to me as he maintains his innocence and challenges my manhood in front of a dozen Native women who fall at his feet while he loudly proclaims: I am General George Armstrong Custer! These women are mine!!!" And they are….LOL. It happens all the time…Lord have mercy. Yep.
Well, I never understood how "Catholics" could vote for politicians who are pro-abortion.  I have never understood how "Catholics" could vote for pro-abortion candidates despite Church teaching about abortion.  So--if you want to understand how "White Christians" could for Trump----the exact same way White "Catholics" could vote for pro-abortion candidates.  If "Catholics" can justify votes for pro-abortion candidates despite clear church teaching on abortion, I fail to see why "White Christians" cannot vote for Trump.  Dissidence, you see, works both ways.  Liberals aren't the only people who have Conscience rights.
The History of Canada - Liberal whitey folding
Employment Barriers ? I am not going to divulge who I work for or what industry I am in, but I have a number of white guys over 50 as well as a Vietnamese retiree from a major defense contractor interviewing the next few weeks for very critical roles in embedded SW, so I really have no idea what you are talking about.
It was mostly white men who fought and died in that war (and some blacks)....mainstream liberal sentiment has no time for that generation. So ironic today we are handing the world back to evil doers. the Islamic state must be brought to heel.
The Economic illeterates do not understand the meaning of the term monopoly.  Pretty much the only true monopolies in SA are state monopolies or SOE's.  Had they used the term white minority capital, that would have been much harder to counter.
My first grandkid is in college.  San Jose State U.  She is one of the 31,900 odd students attending.  She is of Scandinavian ethnicity.  That makes here one of the 7.39% of SJSU students who are "white",  by school definition.  And in the majority by gender,  where 54% of the students identify as "female."  It would follow that "white male privilege" is <3% of the SJSU enrollment.  I don't believe that white males are less than  3% of the CA population.    NO public university in CA has more than 30% "white" students.  Only USC,  Stanford,  both private schools,  have more than 40% white enrollment.    So the progressive left can beat up on "white privilege" all they want,  but in college admissions in CA,  that just is not reality.  Not true.  USC has over $500 million in cash endowments received each year.  I doubt that is primarily from poor people of color or females.  Movie personalities, TV, medicine, law, business,  all are important USC alumni.  Stanford is Harvard with jocks.
Are police biased or responding to their experience? If police were regularly encountering old white women who were regularly engaging in violent, criminal behaviour, the police would probably respond to them in the same way they respond to young black males. It isn't bias, it is experience. Instead of blacks always pointing the finger at others and excusing their own behaviour, perhaps they should take a good long look at themselves.
This person has a PhD? I guess American History is not her strong point. First of all it was white guys who gave her the right to speak as she is. And although it was white guys who purchased Africans from fellow Africans for the purpose of slavery, it was white guys who died by the thousands to give the slaves freedom.  Her comment of white guys taking up room belonging to someone else is quite ironic, as I'm sure somewhere along the line she benefitted from affirmative action (taking the place belonging to someone else), a law passed by white guys. This is a statement which is, "All about me."  Get out of my way, I deserve better,  you are blocking my path.  Being temporary I guess she needs someone to leave so she can get a permanent job. These posts, comments and statements are exactly what keeps the country divided. That and the fact she thinks she is owed something.  I agree when she said thing should be equal, thus she should be treated as her targets (white men) would be. FIRED
I'm white middle class male who can't begin to question a Latina female experience so I won't try to second guess her.  88% of the board is white.   6 of 7 adult board members don't work a day job.   Is this the white "collective majority" that ChairMan Koehler is defending?    Esparza Brown is the only member of-color, with a day job, and who clearly doesn't feel empowered to comment or advocate on behalf of the 44% of PPS students who are non-white.    Questioning her isn't the point.    The point is she feels she has been dismissed, marginalized, and harassed by the white "collective majority" to the point of not being effective while trying to represent nearly 21,000 student of color, their families, and our communities.    PPS students.   How would you feel if you were the target of this?   Do you want Koehler's white "collective majority" making decisions that don't represent your values, experiences, culture and dreams?    Stand up and support your very brave advocate.
I detect a whiff of optimism in this column, but Sarah K. may have a point.  As things are going now, Trump's unhinged statements about white supremacists, etc., will make it more and more difficult for establishment Republicans to continue to tolerate / support him.  It is at least possible, if not likely, that the GOP will have to act---probably by impeaching Trump---before the 2020 election (and possibly before the 2018 mid-term congressional elections).  When this happens it's going to tear the Republican party apart as Trump's core supporters exact their revenge; which is precisely why it hasn't happened yet.  Stay tuned.  This should be quite a show!
" they recognize (judged) that a woman's decision-making or, say, a Jewish person's decision-making will likely be different" from what they approve of", sounds pretty much like "hatred and unacceptance" based on gender and religious affilliation. Are Jewish persons "people of color"?  These "white men" you speak of seem to have very limited experience of anyone other than themselves.
You're right to point out that people of color are victimized by crime more than white people and that I have a privileged perspective.  I'd love to hear your perspective—if you grew up in the Numbers and want to write a post about what we got wrong, I'd be into that.  I'm all about facilitating dialogue on these issues. I edited both Tyler's Burnside 26 piece and Carye Bye's cover story about being an artist who is priced out and who doesn't like New Portland.  But I am not going to agree with you that Tyler's running in a bad neighborhood post was racist because I took the opposite point from it. I agree he should have chosen his language in the opening section more carefully to better convey his ultimate point. But it's also a personal blog post from five years ago.
People won't eat here- bottom line... except Neo-nazis and white supremacists.  How is it to own, work and eat in a place filled  with nothing but racists?
Given the presidential news over the past couple of weeks regarding racism, white supremacists, continued insistence on building the border wall, a new proposal to limit immigration, the action taken against DACA, eliminating overtime pay protection for some, putting the EPA in serious jeopardy, renewed efforts to dismantle the ACA, toe-to-toe wrangling and looming use of nuclear weapons -- NONE of which could be considered remotely "Christian," -- I find this article and its reality profoundly creepy.
I am by no means a fan of Gardner's, but let's be fair and accurate:  “Mr. President – we must call evil by its name,” Gardner said in one tweet after the violence that erupted Saturday in Charlottesville, Va. “These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.”
You are free to ignore that the Donald based his campaign on appealing to white voters.  Do you deny this?  But keep that head buried.  He appreciates it.  Keep on ignoring the racial divide in this country that he helped create.
Insight this one Incite. More striking are the victim statistics: over 75% of sexual assault victims were white women, compared to 20% for black women and 3% for other races. Further, when the government examined the rate in which sexual assault victims are killed, the report concluded that "compared to all murder victims, those who died as a consequence of a sexual assault were substantially more likely to be female and white". This coupled with the aforementioned paragraph indicate that if a white male is the rapist, the victim is statistically more likely to be white and killed during the crime.
diverdave, Trump said there were "very fine people" among the white supremacists.
White males are a minority in all western countries ( even if there were no minorities, white women would outnumber white men 51-49 because they live longer).  In most western countries, white males are around 33 percent of the population.
I get the impression you enjoyed toying with the hostess and  found her discomfort amusing. Your girlfriend however is tired of your little game of "Make white people squirm".  Its far more common than we dare admit.  What caused you the most irritation was that she  stood her ground. and didn't collapse into a pile of apologetic conniptions which you were expecting.
Except all those examples you gave have historically always been Democrats  Starting with Hillary who in this video says she only wants to talk to white people  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4znke-E1VM
Comrade RTH first you complain there is too much reporting on Trump's collusion with Russian and now you're saying there is not enough. Make up your mind. By the way, Trump is not denouncing the "alt-right" "white nationalist" "Nazi's" because that would be denouncing the majority of his base which make up the majority of his remaining supporters. The minority of his remaining supporters are Russian commie loving wannabe's like yourself. Dasvidaniya Comrade RTH! #MRGA #itmfa
Didn't this whole thing start because Miss Khan voiced her rather loud and obnoxious opinion about the hypocrisy of celebrating Canada 150? What I found offensive from the start was how this 'woman of colour' seemed to take ownership of the experiences of First Nations people, as if, because she thinks she's not very pale, she can own others' pain. What she doesn't grasp is that many, many white people also feel shame about how this country was created, but do not feel they have the right to own the experiences of First Nations people. Does she also not understand that her parents and every immigrant before them and after them are in many ways complicit in abetting the institutions that have subjugated First Nations people for years? Her narrow mindedness seems evident of either limited knowledge or a limited intellect...or both.
I don't see it as double talk.  An event is not the same as a person.  It's not discrimination, in my opinion.  Once again, I don't care about the bible.  I'm just talking about personal rights.  I can serve blacks or whites, but I don't have to serve a Black Lives Matter or White Supremacy event.  I can serve same-sex couples, but I don't have to serve a same-sex wedding.  Race and Sexual Orientation are not choices, but holding an event IS a choice.  Personally, I support same-sex marriage; it's the precedent that I'm worried about.  Enforcing the law is one thing, but I see this as essentially saying that people have to agree with the law and put their personal stamp on it.  I have to obey the law, but I don't have to write on a cake that I Like the law.  You see me as some kind of enemy in this, but I'm really not.  We just have fundamentally different views of the difference between discrimination and thought control.
People should be deeply concerned right now with the alt right.  The Night Wolves were a group of nationalist bikers that were used to overthrow Crimea and Ukraine.  They see Russians as an ethnic white group as a core belief.  Now realize Bannon and others are in the administration. Not good.
I don't believe the question was are there brown and black people in our churches but do they play an equal role in liturgy and ministry and have same and equal influence in our parishes.  The fact that in the U.S. our permanent deacons are still only around 25 % latino and the amounts of both Asian and Black permanent deacons put together in the U.S. is about 7% and the rest are all Caucasian is some indication there is real racism present when it comes to playing important roles in our parishes.  Mind you this is a recent improvement from the almost 90% Caucasian deaconate only 10 years ago in the U.S.  Considering the large amounts of both Hispanic and Asian Catholics we have in this country - this is an indicator of some racism.
You are forgetting the elephant in the room, which is that Hillary Clinton is a woman.  In 45 elections, the United States has never bee elected a woman for President.  And lower education men whether white, black or Latino did not strongly support having a woman in charge.
What he said, I believe, was that we would benefit from a very large population growth, to 100 million or so, to increase markets, and these concentrated in a number of centres. I think that is different from "Toronto and Vancouver." Also, he said, infrastructure is too expensive when we are sparsely populated, and there are insufficient internal markets.  One candidate for school board in Edmonton's civic elections on Monday b believes 25% of Edmonton's population will be immigrant by the early 2020s  It is not that the world needs to produce more people so that Canada can have more, but a lot more of the world's existing population should be in Canada.  Final thought: Our work at responding to white supremacists is still not done. We need to work at that.
Walter:  I'm sure you deny feeling "white man's guilt" for the "sins of our fathers."  However, you're very high-profile in promoting "Democrats' guilt" for the "sins of Democrats from 60 to 150 years ago.  I trust you recognize the hypocrisy of such a position.  "The ugly history of racism and slavery in the Democratic Party is the stink of death," Walter, you reach a new level of hyperbole.  The racist history of our nation, of the Democratic Party, of politicians, of slave-owners, of the KKK, of the millions of Americans, who over the 250 plus years of our nation, have mistreated people of color.....blacks, Native Americans, Mexicans, and immigrants of all sorts, is truly disgusting.......but, it is part of our history, and we need to acknowledge it, learn from it, and see that we, today, do not repeat it.  I do NOT carry "white man's guilt". I do NOT carry "Democrats' guilt."  I am responsible for MY actions and for working for genuine equality today.  I'll do that.  Gary Crum
ThomasPaine:  Thank you for this information.  Here's a wikepedia citation for those who might not believe you.:   "The use of triple parentheses or triple brackets, also known as an (((echo))), is an antisemitic symbol that has been used to highlight the names of individuals of a Jewish background. The practice originated from the far-right blog The Right Stuff; the blog's editors have explained that the symbol is meant to symbolize that the historic actions of members of the Jewish ethnicity had caused their surnames to "echo throughout history".[1] The triple parentheses have been adopted as an online stigma by antisemites, neo-Nazis, and white nationalists to identify individuals of Jewish background as targets for online harassment, such as Jewish political journalists critical of President Donald Trump during his 2016 election campaign.[2][3]"    I agree with you that it constitutes overt anti-Semetism and should be removed.  Again, thank you for the information.  Gary Crum
We can no longer look away. Fact. FBI data, 4,906 blacks murdered other blacks in 2010 and 2011. That is 1,460 more blacks killed by other blacks in two years than were lynched from 1882 to 1968 - Tuskegee Institute. Fact. In 2012, white males 38 percent of the population committed 4,582 murders. That same year, black males were just 6.6 percent of the population but committed 5,531 murders. Fact. There have been almost as many deaths in Chicago as there have been in the two major wars this century. Chicago’s death toll from 2001–November, 26 2015 stands at 7,401. The combined total deaths from Iraq 4,815 and Afghanistan 3,506, total 8,321.  University of Toledo criminologist Dr. R. Johnson examined the latest crime data from the FBI’s Supplementary Homicide Reports and Centers for Disease Control and found that an average of 4,472 black men were killed by other black men annually between Jan. 1, 2009, and Dec. 31, 2012. If a "community" ever needed a Leader it is NOW!
"Discernment must help to find possible ways of responding to God and growing in the midst of limits," stated Francis. "By thinking that everything is black and white, we sometimes close off the way of grace and of growth, and discourage paths of sanctification which give glory to God."  The Pope is saying, "Think like Christ and not like a pharisee."
For those who immediately, without any evidence, and with complete certainty, stated that this was yet another example of white supremacists feeling emboldened by the election of President Trump, here is a copy of a tweet reported to be by the arrested man.  "42% of Americans are filthy fascist appeasers and they should be taken out along with Trump"  I am assuming the arrestee was not a white supremacist, as he was not white.  Now he may not be guilty, and he may be a copy cat and not the originator of the latest rash of anti-semitic actions, but I think it is a caution against being driven by your politics in your statements, as opposed to the evidence.
Unfortunately you are 100% right. A middle class, white South African like me has very little grasp of what motivates the voting patterns of poor black people. Historical loyalty to the ANC, loyalty to traditional leaders that direct votes or fear that the already meager social grants will disappear all probably play a role. Corruption has little direct impact for poor South Africans - although the longer term impact is unquestionably significant. I find it hard to see what will lead to a change.
Contrary to the headline, we don't keep looking away. White Canadians really do want to rip the lid off the dirty secrets of what goes on, on the reserves and hold the miscreant chiefs and nepotistic band councils to justice,. But we are told that would be racist. We are scolded by native isolationist to mind our own business. Native culture is too sacred for white man to understand. So we watch kids die and we get blamed for it, despite the fact we are forbidden to intervene.
Hawaiian Natives and blacks are far more genetically susceptible than area whites.  Broad sprectrum antibiotics aren't going to cure this disease. The only treatment of which I'm aware is Amphoteracin B. It is extremely difficult to tolerate. The problem can be resolved if Hawai'i drops its prison population to manageable levels and brings all the inmates home.
No, the above link shows the rate of success of white males raising to CEO positions. Your interpretation (or rather fabrication) of statistics puts on display your disdain for white culture (as usual). . Not to mention that your post has nothing to do with  the premise of the original post.
Moderate GOPers, Progressives, and governmental leaders, of States where Charlottesville White Supremacists hail from, are focusing their extreme anger on VA Governor Terry McAuliffe.  Each of the disparate groups entertained hope that the White Supremacists would stay in VA after the rallies, attracted to Charlottesville's college town peacefulness.  McAuliffe's "Go Home" demand was countered with calls from many states to "STAY THERE!"  "Yes", said one Southern Mayor, "our gun shops and "tabaccy" stores may suffer, but those guys make a MESS when they're here. . . and did you see that guy on CNN try to hit that girl and then run away when she swung back?  It's embarrassing, I tell ya.  STAY THERE! "
Congratulations: when you say that it's not the case that "all white people are racist" you've simultaneously mischaracterized the test (people of color find themselves biased against people of color) and defeated a straw man.  It's precisely the aggregate rather than the individual that's at stake, which is just exactly what the test says.  What's fascinating is teaching it to students. They're perfectly okay with social science that says, for example, they have high IQs or they're hardworking. But you show them a test that says that they are members of a society that prizes one kind of person over another, and they become very analytic  about the procedures and very real limits of this kind of testing.  So let's get down to it. What is the ratio between white family wealth and African American family wealth in the US? Approximately 13 to 1. (I can't embed a link it seems. Pew Research, July 2016.) We don't need to know what's in people's souls to know what the system does.
Instead of dog whistle politics, maybe we should start speaking about your "mosquito alarm" version of it, a frequency your older writers and readers cannot hear but keeps young people from your paper in droves. Life, movements, communities and interests are, indeed, complex. That's hardly news, even though the Globe sees it as the perennial stuff of eye rolls and smug condescension. White middles class liberals and progressive tend to be clueless to the fact that they are not the centre of the universe, ensconced as they are at the centre of privilege. What else is new? It will be interesting to witness just how diverse (or not) Toronto's version of this march is going to be, but i suspect the paroxysms of "what's going on!?" felt by comfortable white women facing the prospect of a proto-facist Trump admin are, indeed, the stuff of eye rolls for the majority who've been raising their issues (to blank stares of incomprehension, at best) for so long as to make this simply more of same.
Brooks is sort of late in pointing this out. The GOP have catered to white resentment since the 1960's.  In fact, it's not an exaggeration to say that GOP dogwhistling about "urban crime", "welfare cheats" and  "entitlements"  has kept white "identitarianism" alive when, otherwise, it would have died a natural death long ago.  Trump's great sin, from the point of view of conservative "universalists" is making white racial disaffection explicit, mainly by his denigration of immigrants. It was this that emboldened the white supremacists. After long enough, racism just feels like reality, like economics, jurisprudence, politics. This was the GOP racial ploy; refuse to name racism, pretend like its dead, while at the same time feeding white resentment a steady diet of coded racist language.  Do this long enough and most white people will mistake familiarity for equality.    And Brooks himself is using coded language by calling white supremacism by another name.
Give us the cite and link.   The man attacked is working with the videographer to identify the racists who beat him so he can sue them.  The videographer saw exactly what happened.  The White Supremacists attacked the Special Ed teacher. Fact.
I love Bernie, but to most voters he looks like just another angry white guy. I believe he would have lost  more electoral votes than Hillary.
Who is blaming you?  White privilege doesn't guarantee your life will be easy, only the right not to be shot without reason just for your skin color.
White America, Trump is your guy. Not ours.
my2cents.....maybe you should read the proper definition of the word "sycophant" before you called it a racist comment.  Most of the photos of this protest shows a lot of white people.....not too many Indians. Maybe they got more sense not to hang out there in the middle of the winter.
Disagree.  All 3 branches are in disarray with the confirmation of Gorsuch, a White Supremacist, Christian ideologue, continuing the anti-human rights, traitorous decisions by the Scalia Gang of Five.  They are the greatest threat to human rights since the Christian Discovery and segregation courts' decisions of the 19th century continued the Native American genocide and deny of civil rights for the same and all Black Americans on into major portion of the 20th century.  This latest incarnation of Republican evil demands a return to those halycon days of robber baron rule, indentured servitude, environmental destruction, and equally genocide of all wildlife.  The criminally corrupt occupiers of all branches must be removed before another century of evil rule plagues the nation and the world.  Time for a Revolution.
I'm still laughing at STO's "white privilege" comment. The poorest of the poor  in America, white and black  are 100 times more privileged than 2/3 of the rest of the  world.  In America, there is so much food, most of us have to watch our waist,    whereas in many parts of Africa, there's so little food all they do is watch their babies waste!   Be thankful for your "privilege", white or black. You've never had things so good. Spoiled comes to mind even.
